THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 29.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From May the 19th, 1761,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

To October the 30th, 1764,

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 29.

A

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

Hereas we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to cliiTolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to 7 the Seventh Day of April next, we do, for that End, publish this our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve-the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on the said Seventh

Day of April next: And we being defirousand refblvej as loon as maybe, to meet our I conic, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects our Royal Will and Pteaiurc to call a new Parliament: And do hereby iurther declare, That, with tire Advice of our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to our Chance'lor of Great to ilfuo

out Writs in due Form, for calling a new Parliament; which W rits are to bear T.a't on Sata.rJty the Twenty-first Day of this Instant Alar cl, and to be returnable on luejtlay the Nineteenth Day of next.

Given at our Court at St., the Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, in the First Year of our Reign.

GOD Lave the King,

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martis, 190;

Anno i® Georgii III1'* Regis, 1761.

THE King's most Excellent Majesty having, by his Royal Proclamation hereunto annexed, dated the 20th Day of March 1761, dissolved the last Parliament; and by his Writ of Summons issued under the Great Seal of Great ,bearing Teste at Westminster, on Saturday the 21st Day of the fame Month; and returnable on this Day; called a new Parliament; several Members appeared: And understanding that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, went diruftly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Mcffige from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Stay there, the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being the re, the Lord Chancellor Handing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliament.

Which Writ lying on the Table, his Lord ship directed the Clerk to read: And the same was read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Second Day of July next ensuing; as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

/GEORGEthe Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and lb forth. To our well-beloved and faithful the Pielates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our

Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of minster, on the Ninteenth Day of this instant Month of May, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid; and did command you, b our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those Things, which in our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of; nevertheless, for certain Causes and Considerations, us at this Time especially moving, we have thought fir that our said Parliament be prorogued until ‘Thursday the Second Day of July next ensuing; so that neither you, nor any of you, shall be held or obliged to appear on the said 19th Day of at the aforesaid City: We also will. That you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; commanding, and by the Tenor of these Presents, Ariel ly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern. That you and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on tly said Second Day of July next ensuing, at our said City of to

treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our said Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at the 15th

Day of May, in the First Year our Reign.

By the KING himtllf.

Signed with his own Hand.

Yorke and Yorke.

Jovts, 2* die

Anno i° Georgii III'" Regis, 1761.

SEveral Members this Day appeared; and under-(tanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the Third Day of September next ensuing; which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

SGEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the

Faith, and so forth. To all ourwell-bdoved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen toour Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of Westminster, on the Second Day of July next, and to every of you. Greeting. Whereas we, (or certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Vol. 29.

Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the 19th Day of May last past, and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we have, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especially moving, thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament from the same 19th Day of May, to and until the Second Day of July following; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said 19th Day of at the

aforesaid City; being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; and by the same Writ, we very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said Second Day of July, at our said City, to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain pressing Causes and Considerations, us especially thereunto moving, our laid Parliament, from the said 2d Day of July, to, and until Thursday the Third Day of September following, we have thought fit further to prorogue; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Second Day of July at the aforesaid City: We also will that you, and every

of

1

L

4 —

of you* be wholly discharged, as* to us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of thele Presents strictly requiring yoii, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Third Day of September, at our said City of Vtto treat, do, act,. and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our feid-Parliament, by the Common Council of our said King-

- J. 17

dom, bf God's Assistance, shall Tappen to be-.brdained. Witness Ourfelfat Westminster, the 25th Day of June, in the First Year of our-Reign. -

By the KING himself.

Signed with his own Hand.

Yorke and Yorke.

Jovis, 3" die Septembris.

Anno 1* Georgii Hl(fi Regis, 1761.

SEveral Members this Day appeared; and understanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as- before, without going into the House of Common's, Of expt&ingany Mvfiage from the Lords, up to the Hjoufeof Peers: Where the Writ was read for further proroguing the Parliament unto -the Eighth Day of October next enluingj which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R. ' ’ ' " '

'GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the faith, and so forth. To ourwcJl-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain-, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of 'minster, the Third Day of September next, and to every of you, Gieeting. Whereas, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of dur Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, we did ordain the said ParJiarmnf to be begun and held at the aforesaid City on the 19th Day of a lay last. pa ft; and did command you, by our several Writs,’ to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat,. consent, and conclude, about those Things, which, - in, oar. laid Parliament, then and there should be proposeef and treated of: And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain Gaufes and Confederations, us thereunto especially moving, hays thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament from the same

JoviS) 8° die QEtobris.

Anno i* Georgii IXItU Regis, 1761.

SEveral Members this Day appeared; and undemanding that th.e Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Meffr.ge from the Lords, up to the House of Peers, where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament until the Third Day of November next ensuing; which Writ is as

followeth; via.'

GEORGE R. '; i

fGEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and lb forth. To ourweil-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Britain-, and to our beloved and' faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for SHtfes and Burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be begun and held at-City of West-mitifler, the Eighth Day of OiJo&K next; and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas, forcerfjrt!i -ac<foous and urgent Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great BritaHt and the Church, we did ordain the said Parliament, to be begun and held at the aforesaid City, on the 19th Day of May last past; and didco ..tnand you, by ourfeveraf Writs, to-be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those Things, which, in our laid Parfia-jnent, then and there should be proposed and treated of; And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especially moving, have -thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament from the lame

19th Day of May,\ivAo the Second Day of July last pa’lV

and from thence, by another Writ, unto the Third Day of September next; so that neither you, nor any of youf should be held or ooliged to appear on the said Days, at the said City, being willing that you, and every of-you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; and, by the same Writ, we lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be personally present, on the said Third Day of September nyxt, at the City aforesaid, to treat, do, a<fc, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in ou;-fiud Par; lament, should happen to be ordained: "Never* thelels, for'certain Caules and Considerations, us.hereunto especially moving, we have thought fit further to prorogue our laid Parliament, from the said Third Day of September next, unto the Eighth Day of October next fob, lowing; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Third Day of September, at the aforesaid City; We will, therefore, that you, and every cf you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, flrfotly requiring you, and every of you, and aft others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Eighth 'Day of October, at our laid City of HJJm'nsler, to treat, do, arft/and conclude, upon those Things, which, in bur said Parliament, by the Common Council of our faift Kingdom, by God's Assistance, shall happen to be ordained, . Witness Ourself at the 28th Day

of August, in the First Year of our Reign. ’

'; By the KING himself.

Signed with his own Hand.

, Tor Kg' and Yorke.

iptfoDayof May, unto th.e Second Day of Lit past, and/rum thence, by another Writ, unto ihe 1 bird LEv.of Septemberin&xnt, and from thence by another Writ, to ihe Eighth Day of Octobernext; so that neither you, no-any of

you, lhouldbe heldorobliged to appear on the fud Diys, at the said City, being willing that you,.arnd every of you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; and, by the lau,e Writ, we lately commanded you, and . every of you, to appear, and be personally ppatent, on the said Eighth Day of October next, at the Citypforesaid, to treat, do, aid, and conclude, upon those Things* which in our laid, Parliament, should happen t^-be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain Causes and Gqnsiderations, ushereuntoefpeci.ally moving, we havfrtftought fit further to prorogue our laid lament,

fromfhe said Eight h Day of October nex t,un to t he Third Day v-of November next following; fothat neither you, norar.r of you, should be held or obliged to appearon the said Eighth. Day of October next, at the aforesaid City: We will, therefore, that you, and ever)' of you, be wholly discharged, as to us, therefrom; commanding, and by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and' all others, whom this may concern. That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Third Day of November, at our said City of IV to treat, do, aeft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of our laid Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Wit nets O uric If at WeJUninster, the 24th Day of September, in the First Year of our lieign.

By the KING himself.

Signed with his cw-n Hand,

Yor-ke and York*.-

i Geo. Ill* —

' By the KING;

A PROCLAMATION,

GEORGE R.

WHereas Our Parliament, Which We summoned td meet at Westminster., on the Nineteenth Day of May tall, (lands prorogued to Thursday the Eighth Day of October next; We, by the Advice of Our Privy

Council, do hereby publilli and declare. That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Tighth Day of October next, to the Third Day

of November following; And We have given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under Our Great Seal, for proroguing the fame

accordingly: And We do further hereby declare Our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Third Day of November, be held, arid (it for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights,’’Citizens,‘and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at; fler, on the said Third Day of

Given at Our Court at St. s, the Twenty-fourth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-one, in the First Year of Our lleign.

GOD save the Kino.

T/tfl EL I AM Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, and one of his Majesty’s most honour*

’ able Privy Council, To all to whom thele Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed; and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint; Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Henry Arthur Earl Pcwis, Percy Earl of Thorr.ond-, William Viscount Barrington, John Viscount Bateman, John Viscount Li-

gonier, Phi!(ip Viscount Royfion; the Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, the Right honourable George Grenville, the Right honourable James Grenville, the Right honourable Sir John Rushout, the Right honourable Henry Fox, the Right honourable Charles Tour field, the Right honourable Robert Nugent, the Right honourable If eltbore Ellis; the Right honourable Sir Fra net:Dash Baronet; the Right honourable the Lord;

James Ofitaald, Gilbert EUivtt, George Hay L. L. D. Thomas Or by Hunter; Honourable John Hans Stanleys

the Right honourable the Lord Villiers-, Thomas Pelham, Soame Edward Elliot, Edward Bacon, John

7brke-, Sir Edmund Thomas Baronet; George Rice, John Roberts, Gliomas Townshend, John; Sir

Henry Drake Baronet; Honourable John Grey, Henry Bridgeman, Simon Fanshaw, the Honourable Sir William

Stanhope, Knight of the Bath; Sir Edward Hawke, Knight of the Bath; Sir John Knight of the Bath;

Honourable Sir Edward Walpole, Knight of the Bath; the Right honourable Lord Carysfort, Knight of the Bath; Sir John Gibbons, Knight of the Bath; Sir Francis Blake Delava.il, Knight of the Bath; Sir George hVarren,

Knight of the Bath; Sir Edward Montagu, Knight of the Bath; Sir William Beauchamp ProEtor, Knight of the Bath; Sir George Pocock, Knight of the Batli; Sir John GriffinGKnight of the Bath; Sir Charles Frederick, Knight of the Bath; S:r Robert Ladbroke, Sir Richard Glyn-, William Bickford-, Honourable Thomas Harley-, the Honourable Edward Cornwallis; Sir John Cufi, Baronet; the Earl of Egmont; Alexander Forrefier, William , Eliah

Harvey; Sir James Lowther, Baronet; the Honourable Stewart MackenzieJohn Ross Mckye; Sir Charles Mor-Jaunt, Baronet; John Morton -, the Honourable Sewallis Shirley; Sir Thomas Stapleton, Baronet; the Right Honourable Lord Strange, the Right honourable Lord Robert Sutton-, Sir Turner, Baronet; Sir Kemys

Tynte-, Arthur Vansittart, Charles Wkiiworth; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majestics King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament; according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or ap-. pointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Third Day of November instant, and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also, to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the better Regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons) according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or {Hall be chosen a Member to serve in Parliament, for any Shire or Stewartry, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present, at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my fold Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute, and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned, ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. lnTellimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Second Day of November, in the Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. AnnoDomini ij6i.

Witness George Talbot. Talbot. (L. S.)

Thomas Lewis.

Vol. 29.

Parliament

Meets.

ifefTage to attend the King.

The House cti re&ed to chuse a Speaker

The House proceeds to chuse a Syeaktr.

6

310 Novembriu

Parfiameiitum* inceptum et tentum apud civitatem West-monafterienftm, die Martis, 30 die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia* Magnae Britanniae, Francise, et Hiberniae, Regis, fidei defen-fbris, &c. 2°; Annoque Domini 1761.

ON which Day, being the first Day of the Meeting of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the Right honourable William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, who was then indisposed, having made aCom.irhffion or Deputation under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, empowering several Persons, therein named, to administer the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament, before they go into the House of Commons} several of the said Commissioners came, about Ten of the Clock, into the Room belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, commonly called the Inner Court of Wards, where the said Oaths are usually taken; and 'Jeremiah Dyfott, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons; Mr. Hatfel, Clcvk-assistant; and other Clerks; attending according to their Duty; and the Honourable Charles Yorke and John Torke, Esquires, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said Mr. a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament; the Right honourable Anthony Earl of Shaftesbury, the Right honourable George Henry Earl of Litchfield, and the Right honourable Henry Arthur Earl Powis, did, in the first Place, administer the said Oaths to the other Commissioners, being Members of the House of Commons; and then the said Commissioners administered the said Oaths to such other Members as appeared; which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons, after which a Message was delivered by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Ulher of the Black.

Rod.

Gentlemen,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House ot Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, wlitre the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Direction, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,'

His Majesty hath been pleased to command me to acquaint you, that he doth not think fit to declare the Causes of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons.

It is therefore His Majesty’s Pleaftjre, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commony1 do immediately repair to the Place where the Confmons usually fit, and there chuse a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present the Person who shall be lo chosen to His Majesty here, for His Royal Approbation, on Friday next, at One of the Clock. And the House being returned.

The Right honourable George Grenville, One of the Burgesses for the Borough and Pari 111 of Buckingham, in *7

the County of Buckingham, addressing himselt to the Clerk, (who Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down,) spake to the Efiebt following,

Mr. Dfin,

We are no-.v assembled together, in consequence of the Di rest ions received from ills Majesty, and in pursuance of the ancient and undoubted Right of this House, to proceed to the Choice of a Speaker.

And, as the Bulir.els of this Day mult necessiirily renew our Concern lor the Absence of an honourable Person, whom we no longer fee amongst us, lo I am confident, that every Gentleman who hears me will join with Piealurc in paying the just Tribute of Praile, and of Gratitude, to that rood worthy, and mo, ft respedable Gentleman, whose eminent Virtues and Abilities, whilst he presided in the Chair, entitled him to the most distinguished Marks of the Regard ami Affection of this House, applauded by the unanimous Voice of his Country, and confirmed by the Royal Approbation of the beffc of Princes.

Upon this Occasion it hath been usual to point out the Qualifications for the due Discharge of that great Office, which is the Object of our present Consideration; and how can I do it more properly, or more effectually, than by recalling to your Minds the Character and Behaviour of Mr. Onslow.

There was in him, Experience, Knowledge, Authority, Firmness, Patience, and Industry, Dispatch without Precipitation, Vigour of Mind supported by the most unspotted Integrity, and tempered by the moll extensive Benevolence and Gent lends; equally free from the sordid Love of Money, and from the more dangerous Lull of Power; he was impartial to all, a constant Encourager of riling Merit, desirous to assist the most ignorant, and able to inltruct the moil knowing; Such were the Virtues, such were the Talents, which he exerted, during a long and unexampled course of Years, in this most honourable, but most difficult Station; and he left it, not too loon for his own Glory and Reputation, which were complete, too late I fear for his Health, worn out and broken in this painful Service, but much too loon for the publick Good, and for the Dignity of this House, to which he was so ardently devoted, and whose essential Rights, upon ail Occaliofts, lie most firmly maintained.

Nor is this the Language of Flattery and Exaggeration; I appeal for the Truth of it to the Witnesses of his Conduct, to every Gentleman who fat in any former Parliament; I cannot therefore entertain a Fear, that this genuine Testimony of public Gratitude, and of private Friendship, for both I feel most sensibly, offered to him in his Absence and Retirement, can ever be ascribed to any leis worthy or left honourable Inducement.

And let not this Recapitulation of his Services be deemed foreign to the Purpose of this Dav, as it mult " be

2 Geo. iir. 30

1

be the {lronc.cn: Incitement to others, to copy and to emulate his Example; and thus shall the Influence <;{ his Virtues and public Spirit, in feme Degree, supply his Place, and Gill continue to promote what were ever moll dear to him, the Honour, Welfare, and Security of the Commons of Great Britain.

In this Situation, after lb great a Loss, it is incumbent upon us all to consider what will be inofl conducive to the Authority and Credit of the Chair, upon which the Dignity, Order, and Dispatch of this great Assembly do most immediately depend.

And it is with this View, and with this View alone, free from every other Consideration, that I shall beg Leave to propol'e to the House a Gentleman, who, I hope, will be found equal to the Execution of this important Trust; a Gentleman of a very ancient and honourable Family, of an affluent and independent Fortune to support that high Rank and Station, of a fair and unblemilhcd Character to adorn it, free from Prejudices of every Sort, and of that known Temper and Moderation which are most likely to conciliate, and to preserve to the Chair, that Attention and Respect which are indispensably necessary.

To this let me add, a Gentleman of great Experience, Who hath lat many Years in Parliament, and, during that Time, hath attended to the Proceedings, and hath applied himself to the Business of the House, with more than common Afiiduity.

These and other Qualifications have induced me, with the Concurrence, and at the Request: of many worthy Members, to propose to you Sir John whole Presence, both for his Sake and my own, restrains me from expatiating more fully upon this Subject, as I feel it a more ingenuous and becoming Office to prail'e the abtent than the present, and therefore 1 shall conclude with moving you, that Sir John Cuji do take the Chair of this House, as Speaker.

Then the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Barrington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, One of the Burgesses for the Borough of P, in the County of Devon, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk, (who Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) spake to the Effect following, viz.

Mr. Dyson,

I have always great Pleasure in concurring with my Honourable Friend; but it gives me particular Satisfaction that I have the Honour to second him at this Time, and on this Occasion. I join with him in lamenting, most sincerely, that the present Parliament (peculiarly happy in many Respebts) will not have the Advantage which many preceding Parliaments have enjoyed, through the Care and Inlti uction of Mr. O who most dciervedly obtained the unanimous Approbation and Applause of the several Afl’elnblies in which he presided. Coming young to the Chair, called to it from an early Opinion universally conceived of his superior Fitness and Abilities for it, he equalled the most sanguine Expectations of his warmed Friends; and preserved inviolate to the lad, during more than Thirty Years, the hightd Reputation, to which a Member of this House can aspire. Educated in the Principles of Liberty and of Loyalty, (which, however incompatible in other Countries, should be ever in-leparable in this) he never deviated from them. He law and lamented the Rage and Violence of Parties, without being infefted by their Contagion; and he has had the Felicity of seeing them grow feeble in the lad Reign, and expire in this. Happy in the Justice done by his Country to the mature Virtues of the late King, and the well-founded Confidence placed in the riling Virtues of the present.

No Speaker ever preserved better the Dignity of this House, or the Decency requisite in its Debates and Proceedings: This he was enabled to do by the thorough Knowledge he acquired of the Conditution of Parliament, and of the Rules and Orders of the House of Commons. If there are not among us. Numbers expert in this useful, and indeed necessary Part of Parliamentary Knowledge, it mud not be imputed to him; for he was You. 29.

above the mean Arts of these who wiffi to keep Science to themselves, and he most readily imparted it to such as Were delirous to attain it. Too few in this Age have applied themselves to what used to be the highed Ambition of an English Gentleman, that ot being a knowing Parliament Man; but some, much to their Honour, have made use of their Time and Talents in that Way, under the most kind, benevolent, and communicative Indrudtor, that perhaps any Age has produced, since the Beginning of our Conditution. Among these, none have taken more successful Pains than the Honourable Gentleman jud named. I will not attempt to repeat what has been fojudly said in his Favour; for though it would give me great Pleasure to express, in the most particular Manner, my Sense of his Worth, and Fitness for that Chair which Mr. Onslow filled with the most universal Ap-

plaufc; he is present, and I will remember what Pain his Modedy might feel from such a Repetition; as well as the Justice his Merit would claim from me, in any Place where his Birth; Fortune, Principles, Knowledge, Application, Ability, and Integrity, were leis known than in the House of Commons,

I confess. Sir, that I should be very ferry to hear this Honourable Gentleman named for the Chair, if I thought there was a Probability of any Opposition to the Motion made by my Honourable Friend, and now humbly (e-conded by me: Moded Worth lliouid not be exposed to such a Mortification; but I have a Rcafcn of dill higher Import: God forbid that this Parliament should begin without Unanimity. Difference in Opinion this Day Would afford an unfavourable Prefpcct of future Division. The Nation is now thoroughly united, and inciined to befo: It has felt the fad Effects of Disunion; it has tailed the happy Fruits of Unanimity, in a long Series of Prosperity both at home and abroad. National Union can fubfid no longer than parliamentary Union continues; and what lets than a thorough Union of good Men, both within Doors and without, can Iupport with Vigour and Success this truly national War, which

the Conduit of our Enemies obliged us to begin, and dill forces us to continue, till a life and honourable Peace can be obtained.

Then the Right honourable John Earl of Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the said County of Somerset, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk, (who Handing up, pointed to him, and then lat down) spake to the Effed following; viz.

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0 0

0

0

0

0

0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

The House calling Sir John Cuji to the Chair, he flood up in his Place, and said,

Mr, Dyson,

The House will, I hope, make (bme Allowance, for the Confusion in which 1 rife, occasioned by the great, but undeserved Honour which the Noble Lord, and very Honourable Gentleman over the Way, and the Noble Lord near me, have done me, in cflecming me, in any Degree, equal to that high and important Oirke, which it is the Business of this Day to supply.

After returning them my most sincere Thanks for this Instance of their good Opinion of me, (Partiality in my Favour I should rather call it) 1 mufl entreat them to withdraw their Motion, and look round this House, where are many Gentlemen ot great Integrity, Knowledge, and Experience; Qualifications which have been so properly represented, as clTcntial to the Character of that Person, who ought to p re side in this augult Assembly.

Sincerity of Intention, and Zeal for the Service of my

King

8

3 _ 6 ° Noiembris. A. ij6i.

King and CotUtry, ire the only Merit to which I can lay any Claim: How defective I am in other Qualifications, must, I think, surely be known to those with whom I have had the Honour to serve in forrtier Parliaments; but it is known to none, more than to myself: Various are the Keatons which i could alledge for making this Request $ the Dread of laying open1 to public View my own Inability for this Office, nay a Certainty of making that conspicuOus, which, in a private Station, might pals unobterved, is of itself sufficient. But, after what has been, with so much Truth and Justice, laid of that great Person, who filled that Chair for Thirty-four successive Years; when I rested upon hi» eminent Abilities, his extensive Knowledge in the constitutional Law of this Country, his inimitable Method of concluding the Bu-finess of this House; but above all, his Steadincfs and Vigour in supporting its Rights and Privileges, and in them the Rights and Privileges of all the Commons of Great Britain; how greatly must I be alarmed at the Difficulties which must attend any Successor to him ? I most ftneerely concur with tire noble Lords, and very honourable Gentleman, in lamenting that this excellent Person has chosen to be no more amongst us. Let not me, Sir, have so particular a Rcaton for lamenting his Lois beyond any other Member of this House.

These Reasons, however powerful, are yet personal, and respect only myself: There are other of a far higher, and more important Nature; the Honour of this House, — its Weight. — its Authority, — its Dignity. These cannot be l'upported, but by Abilities much superior to mine, nor can they suffer the least Diminution, without infinite Prejudice to the whole Nation, in its coliedive as well as representative Capacity; especially in the present arduous Conjuncture, when Affairs of the highest Concernment to His Majesty and these Kingdoms, must ne-ccffarily come under the Deliberation of this House: That these may receive no Detriment through my De-feds, I must beg Leave to repeat my Request to the very honourable Gentleman and noble Lords, that they will permit me to do the Duty of a private Member of Parliament, in this Place, and leave me in full Possession of the high Honour already conferred upon me, without a Possibility of its turning to the Disadvantage of this House, the Public, or myself.

Sir John Cult The House again calling Sir John Cuji to the Chair, he chosen was taken out of his Place by Mr. Grenville and the Lord peaker* Barrington, who led him from thence to the Chair, where, upon the first step, he laid,

I must once more desire Gentlemen to refled on what they have done, and I must entreat them to call One to this Chair much better qualified for a Trust of l'o high and important a Nature,

But the Members cried. No, no.

Whereupon Sir John Cujl ascended the upper Step of the Chair, and (landing the re, said.

The Commands of this House I shall ever receive with the utmost Deference; and, upon every future Occasion, I shall esteem it the greatest Glory of my Life to obey them. I must return my humblest Acknowledgments to the House for this Instance of their favourable Sentiments of me; but hope they will give me Leave to lay my Impcrfedions before His Majesty, and desire his gracious Permission, that the House may appoint another Person more worthy of the Dignity of this Chair, and their own.

till Friday next, Twelve of the Clock, that being the Day appointed by His Majesty for the Prefcmment of their Speaker to His Majesty, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation.

Artd then the House adjourned accordingly till Friday next, Twelve of the Clock.

Veneris^ 6° die,

Anno 2* Georgii IIP’’ Regis, 1761.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker Eicd having taken the Chair,

A Message wa< brought from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, where Mr. Speaker Elect lpake to the Effect follow ing; viz.

Me (Tage so attend the King.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the SirJolmCuft Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have, acquaints the in Obedience to Your Majesty’s Commands, and accord- King that b« ing to their ancient Right, proceeded to the Eiedion of Speaker!* One of their Members to be their Speaker; whom they now present to Your Majesty: But, Sir, with the utmost Concern must I acquaint Your Majesty, that out of many amon&lt them, eminently qualified for this important Station, their Choice has fallen upon me.

Under the Apprehensions of my Mind, arising from a Consciousness of my own Inability to discharge, as I ought, so great a Trust, I have this Satisfaction, that I can now be an humble Suitor to Your Majesty, that you would give your faithful Commons an Opportunity of rectifying this, the only inadvertent Step which they can ever take, and be graciously pleased to direct them to present Come other to Your Majesty, whom they may not hereafter be sorry to have chosen, nor Your Majesty to have approved.

I do not presume, Sir, to make this Request to Your Majesty, on my own Account; it is for the Sake of Your Majesty’s Service, the Sake of Your faithful Commons, and, what will ever be most dear to you, Sir, the Interests of Your whole People; that those arduous and urgent Affairs, which have induced Your Majesty to call this Parliament, may receive no Prejudice through my Dcfcds; nor the zealous Endeavours of Your faithful Commons, for the Service of Your Majesty and their Country, be in any wise obstruded through this their Partiality to me.

Then the Lord Chancellor, after receiving Directions from His Majesty, said;

Sir John Cujl,

I am commanded by His Majesty to acquaint you, That, Tj,e choice although your own Modesty may prompt you to decline of Speaker so important an Office as that, into which you are elect- approved, ed, yet He hath so good an Opinion of your Integrity,

Diligence, and Sufficiency, for executing the highest Trust, that His Majesty is perfectly satisfkd with the Choice the House of Commons have made, and doth allow and confirm you to be their Speaker.

Adjournment, And thereupon he fat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Percy Earl of Phomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Minehead in the County of Somerset, and also a Baron for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, and Treasurer of His Majesty’s Houshold, having congratulated Mr. Speaker Elect, moved that the House would adjourn

Then Mr. Speaker said.

It is my Duty, Sir, to submit myself to Y'our Majesty’s Speaker Pleasure, and no longer to decline that Service, which claims the Your Majesty is graciously pleated to think me capable of undertaking.

Permit me, Sir, with my most dutiful acknowledgments to Your Majesty, for this Mark of Your Royal Grace and Favour, to allure Your Majesty of my utmost Endeavours faithfully to discharge this Trust to the best

of

a Geo. III.

6° — 7° — 10° — 11° Novemb'ris.

9

of my small Abilities; and if I fail not in Uprightnels and without due Deliberation; and, on the other Hand, of Heart, and Zeal for Your Majesty’s and the public Business of as great Moment put off from Day to Day,

Service, I intirelyrely upon Your Majesty’s Goodnels to and at last totally neglected. lheie great Inconveniences pardon all my Failings, and involuntary Errors, at least might be prevented, if Gentlemen would turn their that they may not be imputed to your faithful Commons. Thoughts to some Method of enforcing an earlier That they. Sir, may be the better enabled to perform Attendance.

their Duty to Your Majesty and their Country; I do, in 1

their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to After which Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, TT»e Speaker Your Majesty, lay claim to all their ancient Rights and that the first Thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, ukes at s* Privileges, particularly, that, their Persons, their Ser- and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take arid vants, and Estates, may be free from Arrests, Suits, and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by . all Molestation: That they may have' Liberty of Speech, Law required.

for the better Management of their Debates; Access to And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, standing your lioyal Person on all feasonable Occasions; and that upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said first-their Proceedings may receive from Your Majesty the mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said De-most favourable Interpretation, claration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration, and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House Then the Lord Chancellor, after, receiving further an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed Directions from His Majesty, said, the Oath of Qualification.

And after him several other Members took the said Several Mr. Speaker, first-roentioned Oaths, and made arid subscribed the said

The King hath the greatest Confidence in the Duty Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of and Affection of this House of Commons, to his Person Abjuration: And such of the said Members, as are by and Government, and in the \Y lfdom. Temper, and Pru- Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an dence, which will accompany all their Proceedings; and Account of their Qualification, and to take and fub-His Majesty doth readily, and willingly grant and allow feribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Ac-them all their Privileges, in as full and ample a Manner, count, and took and subscribed the said Oath accord-as they have at any Time been granted and allowed by ingly. any of his Royal Predecessors. As to that Part of your

Request, which personally relates to yourself, that you And then the House adjourned till To-morrotv

may enter into this weighty Office with proper Confidence Morning, Nine of the Clock,

and Satisfaction, I am commanded by His Majesty, to

acquaint you, that he will make the most favourable ’ "*

Construction of all your Words and Actions.

The House being returned,

Th-Snfaker Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended Proceedings ^‘s Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was in ibcPcenA pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him, to be their Speaker; and to grant and allow to them, upon Petition of Claim, made by him to His Majesty, in the Name, and on the Behalf of the House of Commons, for that Purpose, all their ancient Rights and Privileges in , as ample and beneficial a Manner, as ever they were en-

| joyed by any of their Predecessors: Particularly, that

themselves. their Servants, and Estates, should be free from Arrests, and all other Molestation: That they should enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates; and have Liberty of Access to his Royal Person, when Occasion should require it.

And then Mr. Speaker said,

And now, I mult beg Leave to repeat my best Acknowlcdgments to the House, for the undelerved Honour which they have thus conferred upon me. The best Return in my Power to make them, is to allure them of my earnest Endeavours faithfully to discharge this Trust; at least they shall ever find in me a true Zeal for their Honour and Service, Uprightness of Intention, unbiafled Impartiality, and a due Respect to every Member of the House. On these Conditions, I may venture to alk, and have no doubt of obtaining, their Pardon and Indulgence for all involuntary Errors, and their Aid and Assistance in correcting those Errors.

| The happy Unanimity, which at present subsists

i throughout the Kingdom, (and which I pray to God

may continue) renders it unnecessary for me to caution them against those Heats, and personal Animosities, which have formerly been such an Impediment to Business, and such an Interruption to Debates.

The Weight and Authority, with which my great Predecessor constantly recommended a Compliance with the Rules and Orders of the House, make it equally unne-ceflary for me to add any thing on this Subject.

But Gentlemen will, I hope, excuse me, if I earnestly intreat them to take into their Confederation the ill Consequences of late Hours: Those, who have fat in ' former Parliaments, must have seen, how, on the one

Hand, Business of Importance has been done hastily,

Vol. 29.

Anno 2® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took she Oaths, Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and takeGaths* took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 10° die Novembris;

Anno 2° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

EVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Ditto, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account; and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, n° die Novembris \

Anno 2® Georgii III*1 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

EVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Ditto, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification deli-

C vered

11 ° — 120 — 130 Novembris.

A. 1761.

10

vered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Sir Francis Mr. Mr. Mr.

% ff z* IV ft D 1 I" *_1 f/.'1 j’ _ A A — zi f I

Members take Oaths.

Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Novembris;

Anno t* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761. Praters.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Pitt, Lord Mr. Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Lord Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vanftttart, Mr. Pennant, Lord Brt Mr.

Buller, Mr. IVilkes, Mr. Temp eft. Sir Mr.

Attorney-general, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sir

John Rufhout, Mr. Staunton, Mr. M r. Pry ftCamp*

bell, Mr. Vane, Mr. James Buller, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Sir Roger Mojtyn, Mr. Starkie, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Pucker, Mr. Champion, Mr. Pent on. Lord Howe, Mr. Stanhope, Lord Parker, Mr. Solicitor-general, Sir John Turner, Mr. Rebow, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Ca'twrig Mr. . Colonel

and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the , ». T , r rn_ N, »,

Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said ST C‘^"r’A V' H

Members, asareby Law required to deliver into the Mr. Walter Scott, Mr. Machvorth.G^ a Court,

Mr. Pringle, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Price, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ridley, Lord Mandeville, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Mordaunt, Mf.

Francis Vernon, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. 0/mitts Mt.Thynne, Mr. G'or*, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Stan

Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ditto.

V eneris, 130 die Novembris;

Anno x* Georgii III*" Regis, 1761. Prayers.

Popham, Mr. Dougal Campbell ', Mr. Mr.

Mr. JemifonShafto, Lord John Mr. , Mr.

David Scott, Sir Wyndham Knatc Mr. IVr.!-sole, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rice, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. IValdegrave, Mr. Roberts, ‘-ir

mund Thomas, Mr. Robinson, the Earl of Panmure, Mr. Trift, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Stevens, Lord

CUmdestine

Outlawries.

Grand

Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said SMr. Ross, Mr. George Venables Vernon, Mr. Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the pbens, Mr. Edward Walter, Mr. Symmons ,'$\r Lionel P:!ki :g-Clerkof this House, an Account of their Qualification, /0«> Mr- Yorke, Colonel Scott, Mr. Thomas Walpole, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, de- Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. H ation, Mr. livered in such Account, and took and subscribed the Mr. If Lately, Mr. MtWJh, Mr.

laid Oath accordingly. Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lynd, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Mr.

Monson, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Frederick Montague, Mr. White,

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Mr. Richard Savage Lloyd, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mojlyn, Outlawries, was read the first Time. Sir Wodehouse, Mr. Newton, Mr. Worjley, Mr.

ResolvedyThat the Bill be read a second Time. Northey, Mr. Mr. Page, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. , Mr. Prescott, Dr.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Mr. Merrick, Sir GerrardNapier, Mr. Miller, Mr. OJbal-

Committees. fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

deston, Mr. Mills, Sir William Owen, Mr. Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr . Montgomery, Lord Harry Powlett,

Mr. Morgan, Lord Middleton, Mr. Moran/, Sir Milbanke, Mr. Morriee, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Lovett, Mr. Nicholas Herbert, Mr. Linwoo.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Mr. Hobart, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Holt, General Whit-Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the more, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Wigley, Mr. , Sir EJ-

House. ward Winnington, Mr. Kcpple, Mr. Wood, Mr. Mr.

Woodley, Mr. Fitzwilliam, Sir Charles Tynte,

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House. James Harris, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Robert Harley,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hayes, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Hen-Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- niker, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Robert Herbert, Sir John tions be appointed: Morgan, Mr. Herbert, Lord Grey, Mr. Hill, Admiral

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Sir Griffin, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gwvnne, Mr. Houb/on, Dr. Hay, John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dungarvan, Mr. Mac- Mr. Hunter, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Ed-kenzie, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Secretary at War, ward Herbert, Mr. Jennings, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Mr. Fane, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Rufliout, Mr. Ky- Ingram, Sir Francis Knollys, Mr. ifeck, Mr. Lane, Mr. naflon, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Legge, Knight. Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr. Norton, Lord Strange, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Grenville, Brook Forrefler, Mr. Legh, Mr. Aldworth, Lord,

Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. HuJJ'ey, Sir John Mr. Bankes, Mr. William Morgan, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Turner, Mr. Thomas Townshend Junior, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Pye, Mr. Chauncy Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Boulton, Mr. William lla-Townsend, Mr. Brand, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Thomas milton, Mr. Banbury, Lord Holmes, Mr. , Mr.

Townshend Senior, Mr. Clive, Mr .'Reynolds, Sir Henry Lee, Mr. Burton, Mr Mr. Bridgman, Sir Samuel

Grey, Mr. Adams, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pelham, Sir George Mr. Burrell, Lord Gage, Mr. Amyand, Lord

Pocock, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Garlics, Mr. Anson, the Earl of Ancram, Mr. Afliburton, Fuller, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. John Richmond Webb, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Bagot, Sir George Armi-.

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Thomas Howard, Lord George Saekville, tage, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Befl, Sir

Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.- Byde, Mr. George William Baker, Mr. Bertie, Mr. , Mr. Bootle,

Selwyn, Mr. Tuffnell, Lord Milton, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Lord Brown/ozv Bertie, Mr. Briflowe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Beuverie, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Boone, General Ongley, Mr. Fox, Lord North, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. , Mr. Burl, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Butler, Lord

Glover, Mr. Raby Vane, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Hunt, Lord Farn- Brudenell, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. haaifMr. Philip Carteret Webb, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Jenyns, Fairfax, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fisher, Admiral Coates, Mr.

Fanshaw,

II

2 Geo. III. 130

Fanshaw, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Lord Conyng-

ham, Mr. Cecil, Sir Rickard Warwick Mr.

Cadogan, Lord Barrington, Mr. Child, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Clevland, Mr,

Chaplin, Mr. Conolly, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Cocks, Sir James Carnegie, Mr. Crawfur Lord Mr. Cur-wen, Sir George Colebrook, Mr. Dawkins, General Cornwallis, Mr. Dempfier, Sir William Codrington, Mr. , Sir Elks Cunliffc, Mr. DowdeSir Francis Mr ..Duke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Dimmer, Lord Fitz-

maurice, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Ellis, Sir Lynch Salttfiury Cotton, Mr. Garrard, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Cooke, Lord Digby, Mr. Coke, Sir James Douglas, Mr. Craven, Lord Downe, Mr. Sir

Henry Erskine, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Denis, Mr. Drake, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Godolphht: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every nesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices, and they are to take into Consideration’ all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be ho Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Wu*l Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdeameanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this VOL.-9.

House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be? in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be dip charged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speakers Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the.Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, of Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Af* ternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Wefl shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Paffuge of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westmitflerand that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to waif in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending thirf House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House,

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, W, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the lame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered,

12

13a Novembris. . 1761.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll-matter General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed,-being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Controverted Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Elections. for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that, when the Speech House did attend his Majesty upon Friday last, in the repor e . jqoufe of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne,' to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

At the Opening of the first: Parliament, summoned and dected under My Authority, I with Pleasure take Notice of an Event which has made Me completely happy, and given universal Joy to My loving Subjects. My Marriage with a Princes9, eminently distinguished by every Virtue, and amiable Endowment, whilst it affords Me all polEble domestic Comfort, cannot but highly contribute to the Happiness of My Kingdoms; which has been, and always shall be, My first Object in every Action of My Life.

It has been My earned Willi, that this first Period of My Reign might be marked with another Felicity, the restoring of the Blclfings of Peace to My People, and putting an End to the Calamities of War, under which so great a part of Europe differs: But though Overtures were made to Me, and My good Brother and Ally the King of Prussia, by the several belligerent Powers, in order to a general Pacification, for which Purpose a Congress was appointed, and Propositions were made to Me by France, for a particular Peace with that Crown, which were followed by an actual Negociation; yet that Congress hath not hitherto taken place, and the Negociation with France is entirely broken off.

The Sincerity of My Disposition to effectuate this good Work, has been manifested in the Progress of it: And I have the Consolation to relied, that the Continuance of the War, and the farther Effufion of Christian Blood, to which it was the Delire of My Heart to put a Stop,

cannot with Justice be imputed to Me.

Our military Operations have been in no Degree suspended or delayed; and it has plealed God to grant us

'9

farther important Successes, by the Conquests of the Islands of Belleijle and Dominica, and by the Reduction of Pondicherry, which hath in a Manner annihilated the

French Power in the East Indies. In other Parts, where the Enemy’s Numbers were greatly superior, their principal Designs and Projects have been generally difap- pointed, by a Conduct which does the highell Honour to the distinguished Capacity of My General, Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, and by the Valour of My Troops

The Magnanimity and Ability of the King of Prvjjia have eminently appeared, in refilling such numerous Armies, and surmounting so great Difficulties.

In this Situation, 1 am glad to have an Opportunity of receiving the truest: Information of the Sense of My People, by a new Choice ol their Reprdentatives. I am fully persuaded you will agree with Me in Opinion, that the steady Exertion of our moll vigorous Efforts, in every Part, where the Enemy may Hill be attacked with Advantage, is the only Means that can be productive of such a Peace as may with Reason be expected from our Successes. It is, therefore, My fixed tlcsolution, with your Concurrence and Support, to carry on the War in the moll effectual Manner, for the Iniereft and Advantage of My Kingdoms; and to maintain, to the utmofc of My Power, the good Faith and Honour of My Crown, by adhering firmly to the Engagements entered into with My Allies. In this I will persevere, until My Enemies, moved by their own Losses and Distretfes, and touched with the Miseries of so many Nations, shall yield to the equitable Conditions of an honourable Peace; in which Cafe, as well as in the Prosecution of the War,

I do allure you, no Consideration whatever shall make Me depart from the true Interests of these My Kingdoms, d the Honour and Dignity of my Crown.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I am heartily sorry, that the Necessity of large Supplies appear so clearly, from what has already been mentioned. The proper Estimates for the Services of the ensuing Year shall be laid before you; and I desire you to grant Me such Supplies, as may enable Me to prosecute the War with Vigour, and as your own Welfare and Security, in the present critical ConjunClure, require; that we may happily put the last Hand to this great Work. Whatsoever you give, shall be duly and faithfully applied.

I dare say, your affeClionate Regard for Me and the Queen, makes you go before Me in what I am next to mention; the making an adequate and honourable Provision for Her Support in case She should survive me. This is what, not only Her Royal Dignity, but Her own Merit, calls for; and I earnestly recommend it to your Consideration.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have such a Confidence in the Zeal and good Affections of this Parliament, that I think it quite luperlluous to ule any Exhortations to excite you to a right Conduct: I will only add, That there never was a Situation in which Unanimity, Firmness, and Dispatch, were more necessary for the Safety, Honour, and true Interest of Great Britain.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To offer to His Majesty our warmest Congratulations on the joyful and auspicious Event of His Royal Nuptials, with a Princess defeended from an illustrious Protestant Line, distinguished by the moll eminent Graces and Endowments, and worthy to be the Royal Partner of His Throne, by possessing every Virtue that can adorn it.

To express our just Sense of that affeClionate Regard which His Majesty has shewn for His People, by consulting, on this moll important and intereiling Occasion, as on every other, their Happiness, and that of their Pollerity.

To assure His Majesty, That, with Hearts full of Gratitude for this signal Instance of His Royal Attention to

the

Addrds oh the Kin-’*

Speech.

'i Geo. III. 13* — 14'

the Welfare of His Subjects, and thoroughly sensible of the exalted Merit of His illustrious Consort, His faithful Commons will not fail to make such honourable and ample Provision, as may enable Her to support Her Royal Dignity with proper Lustre, in case She shall survive His Majesty; for the long Continuance of whole Life, we shall never cease to offer up to the Divine Providence our most ardent Vows.

To return our fmcere and humble Thanks to His Majesty, for His tender Concern for the Prosperity of His People, in wishing to restore to them the Blessings of Peace.

That we cannot too much admire that Humanity, lb becoming the Royal Bread, which, amidd the Suc-ceffes of His own Kingdoms, feels for the Calamities of other Nations.

That we are fully persuaded these beneficient Dispositions, which induced His Majesty to the Appointment of a Congress lor a general Pacification, and to enter into a Negociation with France for a particular Peace, could not have failed of the desired Effect, if the Enemy, influenced by the same Motives, had shewn the same good Intentions, and would have complied with such Conditions as were requisite for the Accomplishment of that salutary Work.

To make our most grateful Acknowledgments of His Majesty’s Vigilance and Firmness, in not differing the Hopes or Expectations of Peace to produce the lead Sulpence or Relaxation in the Exertion of His Arms} and to congratulate His Majesty on those happy Suc-ceffes, which, under the good Providence of God, we mud ascribe to the Wisdom and Vigour of His Majesty’s Measures, to which we owe the Reduction of the Conquest of Belleijle, atchieved with io much Reputation to the British Arms, and the Destruction of the

Enemy’s Power in the East by the Acquisition of

Pondicherry, their lad remaining Settlement of any Strength in those Countries.

That the wife and able Conduct of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of B whereby he hath successively defeated the Projects of the Enemy, and hath prevented their making that Progress, which, from their superior Numbers, they expected; together with that gracious Approbation, which His Majesty hath been pleased to express of the Valour of His Troops; cannot but give the highed Satisfaction to His faithful Commons; and that we fee with just Admiration the repeated Proofs, in every Campaign, of that unshaken Resolution, and of those aflonishing Efforts, which alone could have enabled His Majesty’s great Ally, the King of to

refill the numerous Forces of his Enemies.

To assure His Majesty of our intire Concurrence and Support, in the most effectual Prosecution of the War, for the Interest and Advantage of these Kingdoms, and in maintaining, to the utmost of our Power, the good Faith and Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the Engagements entered Into with His Allies, and that we are truly sensible, that the constant Care and Attention of His Majesty to pursue the most vigorous Measures in every Part, where any successful Impression can dill be made upon the Enemy, are the only Means to attain that desirable Object, an honourable and a lading Peace.

That we receive, with the deepest Gratitude, that most endearing Expression of His Majesty’s unbounded Goodness and Affection towards this His native Country, in the solemn Declaration which He hath been pleased to make, that, as well in the Prosecution of the War, as in the Conclusion of the Peace, no Consideration whatever shall induce Him to depart from the true Interests of these His Kingdoms, and from the Honour and Dignity of His Crown.

That His faithful Commons will chearfully grant such Supplies as the Nature and Extent of the several Services shall be found to require, firmly relying on His Majesty’s Wisdom and Justice, that they will be applied with the strictest (Economy, and in such a Manner as may most Vol. 29.

Novembris. i 3

effectually answer the great Ends for which they shall be granted.

To assure His Majesty of our earnest Desires, that this first Parliament, convened by His Royal Authority, may; by their Conduct, give His Majesty a happy Proof of the Zeal, the Loyalty, and the Affection of His People.

That, sensible of the difficult Crisis in which we are assembled, we are determined to concur with the greatest Firmness and Unanimity, in whatever may contribute to the public Welfare, may tend to defeat the Views and Expedations of our Enemies, and may convince the World, that there are no Difficulties which His Majesty’s Wisdom and Perseverance, with the Assistance of His Parliament, cannot surmount.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed, of Lord Midleton, Lord Parker, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Fliab Harvey; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatty 140 d

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1761*

Prayers, ‘

THE Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic, where the same was read, and is as followeth,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the most humble and hearty Thanks of this House, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit us at the same Time to offer to Your Majesty our warmest Congratulations, on the joyful and auspi-cious Event of Your Royal Nuptials, with a Princess de-cended from an illustrious Protestant Line, distinguished by the most eminent Graces and Endowments, and worthy to be the Royal Partner of Your Throne, by pofief-ling every Virtue that can adorn it.

We beg Leave also to express our just Sense of that affectionate Regard which Your Majesty has shewn for Your People, by consulting, on this most important and interesting Occasion, as on every other, their Happiness, and that of their Posterity; and we assure Your Majesty, that, with Hearts full of Gratitude for this signal Instance of Your Royal Attention to the Welfare of Your Subjects, and thoroughly sensible of the exalted Merit of Your illustrious Consort, Your faithful Commons will not fail to make such honourable and ample Provision, as may enable Her to support Her Royal Dignity with proper Lustre, in case She shall survive Your Majesty; for the long Continuance of whole Life, we shall never cease to offer up to the Divine Providence our most ardent Vows.

Allow us. Sir, to return our sincere and humble Thanks to Your Majesty, for Your tender Concern for the Prosperity of Your People, in wishing to restore to them the Blessings of Peace; and to declare, that we D cannot

Addreb

on the King’s Speech;

Addref* on the King's Speech.

14* Novembris.

A. 1761.

H

cannot too much admire that Humanity, so becoming jedy’s Wisdom and Perseverance, with the Abidance of

Your Royal Bread, which, amidd the Successes of Your Your Parliament, cannot surmount.

own Kingdoms, feels for the Calamities of other Nations. The said Address being read a Second Time;

We are fully persuaded, that these beneficent Dispo- Resolved, Nemitie fitions which induced Your Majesty to consent to the That the House doth agree with the Committee, in

Appointment of a Congress for a general Pacification, and the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

to enter into a Negociation with France for a particular That the said Address be presented to His

Peace, could not have failed of the desired Effect, if the Majesty by the whole House.

Enemy, influenced by the same Motives, had shewn the Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of

fame good Intentions, and would have complied with His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council, do hum-such Conditions as were requisite for the Accomplish- bly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be at-ment of that salutary Work, tended by this House.

We do most gratefully acknowledge Your Majesty’s

Vigilance and Firmness, in not differing the Hopes or Expectations of Peace to produce the lead Suspence or Relaxation in the Exertion of Your Arms} and we congratulate Your Majesty on those happy Successes, which,

Resolved, Nem the contradicente, That a Message be frnt to Her Majesty, to congratulate Her Majesty upon her Royal Nuptials; to express the unfeigned Joy and Satisfaction which this House feels upon seeing the mod

under the good Providence of God, we mud ascribe to ardent Wilhes of a faithful People, (anxious not only for the Wisdom and Vigour of Your Majesty’s Mcalures, to the present and future Welfare of these Kingdoms, but which we owe the Reduction of Dominica, the Conqucd also for the immediate and domedic Happiness of their of Bdkifle, achieved with so much Reputation to the excellent Sovereign) so completely crowned by His Ma-British Arms, and the Dcdruftion of the Enemy’s Power jedy’s wife and happy Choice of the Royal Partner of His in the East Indies, by the Aequisition of Pondicherry, their Throne; and to allure Her Majedv of the most dutiful

Atltlrc rs to the Quet n on hrr N14.dak.

lad remaining Settlement of any Strength in those Countries.

The wife and able Conduct of his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick, whereby he hath luccef-

and zealous Attachment of this House.

Ordered, That the Earl of % the Lord

Sir Francis Dashwood, the L rd the L'>rd

the Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Mr. R id -

fively defeated the Projects of the Enemy, and hath pre- ley, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir George Pocock, Mr.

vented their making that Progress, which, from their fu- Mr. Onslow, and Mr. do attend Her Majesty

perior Numbers, they expected, together with that gra- with the said Message.

cious Approbation which Your Majesty hath been plealed to express, of the Valour of Your Troops, cannot but give the highed Satisfaction to Your faithful Commons; and they fee, with jud Admiration, the repeated Proofs in every Campaign, of that unlhaken llesolution, and of those adonilbtng Efforts, which alone could have enabled Your Majesty’s great Ally, the King of Prussia, to refid the numerous Forces of his Enemies.

We beg Leave to allure Your Majesty of our intire Concurrence and Support in the most effectual Profecu-

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of and

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented so the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Keif all, tion of the War, for Yhe Intered and Advantage of these in the County of to IVhiflon Cross, and from thence Kingdoms, and in maintaining, to the utmost of our over Burnhill Green, Rudge Heath, by the Two new Inns, Power, the good Faith and Honour of Your Majesty’s and to a certain Place called Warren, in the said

Crown, and the Engagements entered into with Your County of Stafford, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in Allies; and that we are truly sensible, that the condant many Places, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be Care and Attention of Your Majesty to pursue the most effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, vigorous Measures in every Part, where any successful by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, Impression can dill be made upon the Enemy, are the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending.

The Kino*

Speech

It: HC

Confiiiticd.

Kiirall,

&c. Roads.

only Means to attain that desirable Object, an honourable and a lading Peace.

We receive, with the deeped Gratitude, that most endearing Expression of Your Majesty’s unbounded Goodness and Affection towards this Your native Country, in the solemn Declaration which Your Majesty has been pleased to make, that, as well in the Prefecution of the War as in the Conclusion of the Peace, no Consideration whatever shall induce You to depart from the true In-

widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Lord Grey, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bacon, Mr> Fuller, Mr. Coven-

tcreds of these Your Kingdoms, and from the Honour try, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Grant, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. , and Dignity of Your Crown. Mr. Robinson, Mr. Dempfler, Mr. Montagu, Lord -

Your Majesty may be assured, that Your faithful Com- duff, Mr. Mr. Vane, Mr. Mills, Mr. Ward,

mons will chearfully grant such Supplies, as the Nature Mr. Penton, Mr. Upton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lafcclks, and Extent of the several Services shall be found to re-j Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grey, Mr Paterson, Lord Parker, Mr. quire; firmly relying on Your Majesty’s Wisdom and Thoroton, Lord Midlelon, Mr. Martin, Lord Frederick

Justice, that they will be applied with the drifted Economy, and in such a Manner as may modeffectually answer the great Ends for which they shall be granted.

We do with great Truth assure Your Majesty, that it is our most earned Desire, that this fird Parliament, convened by Your Royal Authority, may, by their Conduct, give Your Majesty a happy Proof of the Zeal, the Loyalty, and the Affection of Your People.

Scnfible of the difficult Crisis in which we arc assembled, we are determined to concur with the greated Firmness and Unanimity, in whatever may contribute to the public Welfare, may tend to defeat the Views and Expectations of our Enemies, and may convince the World, that there are no Difficulties which Your Ma-

Campbell, Sir Francis Dashzvood, Sir Charles Mr. Northey-, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Salop, Stafford, Hereford, and Wncester; and for the Principality of Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mod noble Francis Duke of - T>nk*- of water, was presented to the House, and read; reciting,

That, by an Act passed in the 3id Year of the Reign of av, jflon his late Majesty, the Petitioner was authorized to make, L-mp/onl at his own Expence, a navigable Cut, or Canal, from a Bruise-certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near

Wcrfley

Holy Cross io Perfliore Iac'ofure.

2 Geo. III.

Wcrflcy Mill, and Middle-wood, in the Manor of and to or near a Place called Holfin in the County

Palatine of Lancaster-, and that, by another Act passed

in the 33d Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioner was, in like Manner, empowered to carry the said Cut, or Canal, from or near Mill, over the

River Ir-welt, to the Town of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford , in the Township of Stretford, in the said County; and al-ledging, that the Petitioner hath made and completed the said Navigation over the River Irwell, and to or near Longford Bridge, and is now carrying on the same towards the said Town of Manchester; and that, by a late Survey, it appears that the said Navigation may be further extended, for or about Twenty Miles, by a Cut, or Canal, from the present Termination thereof, at or near Longford Bridge aforesaid, over the River Mersey, and through the Township of Dunham, in the County of Chester, to or near a certain Place called the Hemp Stones, in or near the Township of , below the Town of

Warrington, in the said County of Chester; and there to fall into, and communicate with the said River Mersey, whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the great trading Towns of Manchester and Liverpool, and the Country lying contiguous and near to the said Navigation, will be much more facilitated, and rendered kfs expensive, and the Utility of the Undertakings authorized by the said former Acts be greatly inercafed to the Public; and that, by the said before-mentioned Acts, a Rate or Duty, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence ^rTon, was granted to the Petitioner for all Coals, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, to be conveyed upon the said navigable Cut, or Canal, as a Recompence for the great Charges and Expences of the Petitioner, in the making and maintaining the said Navigation; and that the Petitioner is willing to undertake, at his own Expence, to extend, make, and maintain the said Navigation, by a Cut, or Canal, from or near Longford Bridge aforesaid, into the said River Mersey, without any higher Tonnage through-

out the whole, or any Part of all the said Navigations, than is appointed to be taken by the said former Acts, upon such Part thereof as is already authorized to be made: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to make and maintain the said intended Navigation, and all such Works as may be necessary for that rurpose, under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rigby, Lord Grey, Mr.

Vaimer, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kviwfton, Colonel Calcraft, Mr. Thoroton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Plnmtre, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Montagu, Admiral Hol-bourne, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Officy, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Molyneaux, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Harley, Sir Henry Erjhine, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Grant, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ross, Lord Parker, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr Lascelles, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Penton, Mr. Peter Burrell-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common Fieldsand Meadows in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors thereof, was - VOL. 29.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That ti e Lands, in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconveniently /ituated for the Owners thereof: and, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable improvement; and alledging, that if the said Lands and Meadows were divided and inclosed, and fj ecific Shares thereof allotted to the several Parties intcrelled therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of public Utility; and therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Meadows, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coventry, Colonel Mackay, Mr. and Mr.

Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce,16° die Novetnbrts.

Anno 2° Georgii III1*' Regis, 1761. Prayers.

THE Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Saturday last, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at His Palace of Saint James.

The House being informed that feme of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses in St. Helens, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1760; also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses in Leadenhalland Billiter Lane, in the Port of London, since 1760; also what have been exported from that Time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1760; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at M 1760; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Custom-house in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1760, in order to be dyed, glazed, (Ac. what have been returned, and what remained, at Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores, imported from Ruftta, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1760, to Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports of Englan(commonly called the Out-ports) from Michaelmas 1760, to Michaelmas 1761: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the W’hale Fishery, to Davis's Straights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out,

and

140 — 1 6° N.

T‘m£

appointed for receiving Adurcfs.

Account* from the Custom-Hotfe.

16 16° — 170 Noxemb

and at what Port in Great Britan they wrt disch"ged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Wuij F.r.s eich b:.:p has imported in the Year 1761.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongf: the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

King’» The House proceeded to take into Consideration His 8Pf*th, MajestVs most gracious Speech to both House* of Par-wnfidered' lament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof that Motion.

Mullins A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the ^£"d* Counties of SouthamptonWilts, and Somerset, was pre-

Pipj,' fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

high Roads leading from Mullens Pond, in the Purish of East Choldcrton, in the County of Southampton, through the Towns of Amefbury and; and through Street, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, near a Place called Willoughby Hedge, in the Parish of East Knoy/e, in the County of Wilts; and from West Ameflmry to the Turnpike Road at Anftlow Hill, in the Parish of Knock, in the County of and from the

Town of Amefbury, through Bulford, to the further End of Fiddleton, commonly called the Bourn Road, and from the new Inn, in the Town of Ameflmry, to the End of the Parish of Ameflury, leading to; and from

Wily aforesaid, to a Public House, called in the Parish of Cod/ord, in the County of Wilts; and from Wily aforesaid, to the Eall End of the Parish of Land ford, in the County of Wilts , are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner aa to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Buller, Lord Mi die ton, Mr.

Willy, Sir Charles MordauMr. Lcckyer, Mr.

Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Del aval, Mr. St. John, Sir George

Armitage, Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Thoroton, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mr.

Bankes, lx>rd Parker, Mr. Mr. Luttre/l, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sir

Montgomery Metham; and all the Members who serve for th< Counties of Southampton, Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 17 Novembris.

Anno 2* Georgii III" Regis, 1761. Prayers.

Church Hill A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put Ro*di, xY. in Execution Two Acts of Parliament; One made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other madcintbc thirteenth Year of

19

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, f <r repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church Hill to En low Bridge, and the Road from IVheatly through the City of Oxen, by to

fl.ck, in the County of Oxon, (except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City) and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alchoute, to the Turnpike on $ token Church Hill aforesaid, was prefemed to the House, and read; alledging. That several Parts of the iai ! Road require to be widened, which the Powers of the former A<fb do not extend to, and that the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, and great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; but the same being near Forty.Miles, the present Tolls are found inliiflicient for the Repair thereof, and the Sum of £5,000 already borrowed, tli'l remaining due, the same cannot be repaid with Interest, and the said Roads completed and kept in Repair, unless the Terms, Tolls, Powers, and Provisions of the said former Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, continue, and enlarge, the said Terms, Tolls, Powers, and Provisions, of the said former Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Smith, Lord George Cavendifti. Mr. Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Anson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Maw bey. Sir James

Dashtuood, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harvey, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. , Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Norton, Mr.

Mr. Mills, Lord Parker, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Mr.

Mr. West, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Webb, Mr. Penton, Mr. Clive, Mr, Blackifton, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Worcester And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Coventry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and Meadows, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Perfhore, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to repeal lb much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Mjnybcy, Mr. Serjeant Hewett, Mr. Fitz-herbert, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. , and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address, to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer

Gentlemen,

Holy Cross in Per (bore Inciofnrc.

Insolvent

Debtors.

King's An Uver to Addrdt.

a Geo. III.

17’ Novem

Gentlemen,

I return you My heartyThanks for this very affectionate and dutiful Address. The early Proofs of your moll cordial Attachment to Me and to My Family, upon the Occasion of My Marriage; and the particular Regard and Attention which you express for the Queen, in a Matter that so nearly concerns Her, cannot but give Me the most fenfibie Satisfaction. The Assurances of your Heady and vigorous Support mull: add the greatest Weight to My Endeavours for the Public Good, and will be the surest Means of bringing the War, in which we are engaged, to such a Conclusion, as is the constant Object of My Willies, and will moll effectually provide for the Honour, Happiness, and Security <of My Kingdoms.

The Earl of Thomond acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly, and that Her Majesty was pleased

to say;

Gentlemen,

Q?*’* I return vou My hearty Thanks for your affectionate atgtr Congratulations; and I allure you, the Happiness and

Address. Prolperity of this Kingdom will ever be the darling Ob-jedts of My Life.

Supplj. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Y c Her day, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Liriifidd A Petition of Hugo Meynel Esquire, was presented to Sleft.QB. f|ie ffoufe> ancj reaf]. Setting forth, That at the last Gc-neial Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Lichfield, Thomas Anson, Esquire, the Petitioner, and John Levett, Esquire, were Candidates; and alledging that William Jackson, Sheriff and Returning Officer, in taking the Poll, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Mr. Levett-, and that the said Sheriff also permitted many of the Petitioner’s Voters to be obstructed in giving their Votes, and to be insulted and ill treated in the most flagrant Manner j and that many other illegal and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Sheriff, and also by Mr. Levett, his Agents, and other Persons in his Interest, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And that during the Poll, not only the Petitioner and the other Candidates were assisted by Coun-fcl, to examine into the Rights of the Voters on each Side; but the Sheriff also hadCounfel to assist him in hisdetermin-ing where any Votes were questioned on either Side; and that in every Cafe, where the Vote was thought dilpu-table, Objections were made and argued by Counsel, and the Voter was put to make out his Right by his Title Deeds, and such other Ways as were necessary to fub-llantiate the lame, (except in feme Cafes, where the Sheriff made precipitate Determinations to favour the said Mr. Levett,) and that by these Means the Poll was continued for Nine Days; but the Petitioner does not com-V01. 29.

*7

plain of the Length thereof, having always been deftrous that the Rights of the Voters nrnght be fully canvassed ✓ before they were admitted to poll: And that after the strictest Examination into the Voters Rights, the Peti-titioner, and the said Mr. Anson, had a fair Majority of Votes upon the Poll; and the Sheriff found hin.lelf obliged to declare the Numbers to be, as in Truth they were, lor Mr. Anson 3 3 {, for the Petitioner 315, and for Mr. Levett 313; and ought to have declared and returned Mr. Anson and the Petitioner duly elected accordingly: But the said Sheriff, well knowing that many of the Petitioner’s Voters, whose Titles had been disputed during the Poll, and upon a Production of their Deeds, and other Evidences, and on Examination of Witnesses, had been found and allowed by him to be good Votes, lived at a great Distance, and were returned to their respective Homes, with their Title Deeds, and Evidences, and that many of the Witnesses, who were produced upon the Poll, \yere difperied into different and distant Places, so that neither the Voters nor the Evidence could be had again to support their Votes, was pleased, injuriously and uniuftly, as the Petitioner apprehends, and, contrary to the Remonstrances of the Petitioner, to grant toMr. Levett a general Scrutiny, not confining himself to such Votes only as were queried on the Poll: And further alledging, that the said Sheriff afterwards, unassisted by Counsel, proceeded on the said pretended Scrutiny, on the 28th Day of April, notwithstanding the Petitioner, by his Counsel, renionftrated in the strongest Manner against such irregular and unjusti-fiable Proceeding, and refused to attend the fame; and that on such illegal Scrutiny, the queried Votes were not objected to, but the Sheriff received Objections to the Votes of Seven of the Petitioner’s Voters; and notwithstanding such Votes had either been admitted by all Parties to be good Votes at the Time of Polling, or had been canvassed at the Time of the Poll, and admitted by the Sheriff himself to be good, and received on the Poll accordingly, he (truck them off the Poll, and left a pretended Majority of Five for Mr. Levett, who, to-

fether with Mr. Anson, he declared duly elected, and as returned them accordingly: And that by these, and divers other unfair and illegal Practices of the said Sheriff, the said Mr. Levett and his Agents, the Petitioner has been greatly injured, and the said Mr. Levett hath

Procured himself to be returned, to the Prejudice of the etitioner, who was duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration, and that the said Return may be altered, by erasing the Name of the said Mr. and inferring

the Name of the Petitioner in his Stead; or that the House will take the Merits of the said Election into their Consideration; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in she Premises, as the Nature of his same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 19th Day of January next.

APetition of Simon Luttrell and William Abney, Esquires, Tamworth

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Election* at the late EieiStion of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, the Right honourable George Bujjey Filliers, commonly called Lord Filliers, Sir Robert Burdett, Baronet, and the Petitioners, were Candidates: and alledging that before, and at the said Election, the said Lord Filliers and Sir Robert Burdett were, by their Agents, guilty of moll notorious and grols Bribery, in order to corrupt the Voters of the said Borough; and that John Wsit erf on and William,

Two of the known Agents of the said Lord and

Sir Robert Burdett, did actually bribe and corrupt several of the Voters of the said Borough, to vote for Lord Filliers and Sir Robert Burdett-, and have, in A diions E brought

Haflem're Eled ion.

Alhburion

Bledion.

18 i7° Novembris. A. 1761.

brought against them, upon the Statute of the second of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, been found guilty of such Bribery at the last Assizes held for the County of Warwick;and that by Means of the corrupt, illegal, and unconstitutional Measures made use of before, and at the said Election, by the Agents of the Sitting Members, which were conducted in a public and undisguised Manner, in open Defiance of the many salutary Laws made for preventing such pernicious and destructive Practices, as well as the many severe Censures of this Honourable House, for Offences of the like Kind, the Sitting Members have procured a Return in their Favour, in manifest Wrong and Injury to the Petitioners, (who ought to have been returned) as well as to the uncorrupt Voters of the said Borough, and in open Violation of the Laws of the Land, and the Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein; and such Relief granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 2d

Day of February next.

A Petition of Richard Muilman and Thomas,

Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth. That ‘Thomas More Molyneux and Carteret

Webb, Esquires, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey; and alledging, that, at the said Election, several Persons were admitted to poll for the said ‘TMore Mollyneux and Philip Carteret Webb, who had no Right so to do, and the Votes of several Persons, who were well entitled to poll, and voted, or offered to vote, for the Petitioners, were disallowed; and that the Bailiff, who was the Returning Officer at the said Election, acted in the mofl arbitrary, partial, and unwarrantable Manner; and divers other illegal Practices were made use of, in respect to, and at the said Election; and they, the said Thomas More Molyneux and Philip Carteret W<ebb, are returned Burgesses for the said Borough, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected the Representa-tives for the said Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Redress as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be hfeard at the Bar of this House, upon the 4th

Day of February next.

A Petition of Laurence Sulivan, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Ashburlon, in the County of Devon, hath been settled and declared, by Two several Resolutions of this House, to be in the Freeholders holding Lands and Tenements of the said Borough, and the Freeholders of the Lands and Tenements called ger, and Halwell Lands, lying within the said Borough, and subject to pay a Borough Rent: And that at the late general Election, Thomas Walpole, John Harris, and John Duke, Esquires, together with the Petitioner, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and alledging, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough, having the Votes of a great Majority of the real Freeholders, entitled to vote under the said Resolutions, and ought to have been returned accordingly, together with the said Thomas Walpole, who had the next greatest Number; but that Ri-l9

chard Harris, the Portreeve, and Returning Officer for the said Borough, contrary to the Duty of his Office, rejected the Votes of several unquestionable Freeholders, who offered to vote at such Election for the Petitioner, and admitted a great Number of Persons to vote in favour of the said John Harris, who were no Freeholders, many of them Servant* and Dependants of the said John Harris, claiming and received to vote, as having really, and, bona fide, purchased the Freehold of certain Lands and Tenements within the said Borough, from the said John Harris and others, when, in Truth, no such Purchases were ever made, and the Title of such pretended Voters was well known to the Portreeve to be fictitious; it being notorious in the said Borough, that many fraudulent Practices had been made use of, previous to the said Election, by the said J Harris and others, in order to multiply Voices at the said Election, and to enable Strangers to the said Borough to out-vote whatever might happen to be the Number of real Freeholders, offering themselves to vote at the said Election; and as to many of such Voters, the said Portreeve having, previous to the Election, himself drvised and prepared the Conveyances, which, at the Election, he admitted to be sufficient Evidence of their Title, although such Conveyances were, and he knew' them to be, coilufive, not calculated to work an Alteration of Property, but merely to create occasional Votes, in defiance of the Laws, and to bear down the free Choice of the bona fide Electors; and that by means of thelc, and other arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal Practices of the Portreeve, and of the said John Harris, and his Agents, a colourable Majority appeared upon the Petitioner’s Poil, in favour of the said John Harris, again (I the Petitioner; under Pretence whereof the said John Harris hath procured hini-self to be returned with the said Thomas Walpole, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the Room of the Petitioner, in Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Electors, and to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into their Consideration, and to grant him such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Freeholders, having Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; also alledging. That a Multitude of Persons, being Relations, Tenants, Servants, and Dependants of the said John Harris, and others, all Strangers to the said Borough, and for the moll part never seen or heard of there before, or since the said Election, came, or were brought thither on that Occasion, to vote, pretending to have purchased, and to have Conveyances of the Freehold of divers Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Borough, from the said John Harris and others, although, in Truth, no

such Purchases were ever really made, nor any Consideration really paid or given for such Conveyances; but, on the contrary, the Petitioners have reason to doubt, whether many of such pretended Conveyances were ever executed by any Person, having Power to convey the Lands comprized therein; and such of them as were duly executed, were merely coilufive and fraudulent, made only to split and d.v.de the Interest of the Grantors, in their respective Houses and Lands, and in order to multiply Voices at the said Election, and not meant to pass any beneficial Interest to the Persons claiming to vote under colour thereof; and that a very great Number of these Persons, and others, having no Right to vote in the said Election, were nevertheless admitted to vote in Favour of the said Thomas Wi1 Ip ole and John Harris, through the Partiality of Richard Harris, the Portreeve of the said Borough, who, though he acted openly as an Agent in the said Election, and prepared himself a great Number of the said Conveyances, presided, during the Poll, as Returning Officer; and that

through

Albbwtoa

JElrflioa.

2 Geo. III. 17" — 18°

through the same Partiality, the Votes of several unquestionable Freeholders, on Behalf of the said Laurence Sulivan, were rejected; and that by Means of these, and divers other arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal Practices of the said Portreeve, and of the said John Harris and his Agents, a colourable Majority was obtained for the said John Harris, again 11 the said Laurence Sulivan-, and the said Portreeve, not regarding the Duty of his Office, hath unduly returned the said John Harris, instead of the said Laurence Sulivan, with the said Thomas Walpole, as Burgesses for the said Borough, in contempt of the Laws, and in manifest Violation of the Franchises of the real and bona fide Freeholders, who, according to the true

Sense and Spirit of the said Resolutions, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, have the foie Right of voting in the Election of Burgesses to represent the said Borough: And therefore the Petitioners, whole Rights and Privileges are thus invaded, pray that the same may be preservd to them, and that the House will take the Premises into Confident ion, and do therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 9th Day of February next.

Safad A Petition of George Medley and James Evelyn, Esquires,

El<£hon. was present to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, together with the Right honourable Lord Viscount Gage, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and James Peachey, Esquire, Hood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and Corporation of Seaford, in the County of and that the Right of Election for the said Town and Corporation, was, by the last Resolution of this House, declared to be in the Populacy of the said Town and Corporation; notwithstanding which, the Returning Officer of the said Town and Corporation refused to admit the Votes of numbers of the Populacy, who had many Years been Inhabitants, and then resided within the said Town and Corporation, aitd who offered to vote for the Petitioners; and alledging, that the Petitioners further complain, that the said Returning Officer admitted several Persons to vote for the said Lord Gage and James Peachey, Esquire, who were not Inhabitants residing within the said Town and Corporation, contrary to the said Resolution, and who had never before been admitted to vote at any former Election, whereby the said Lord Gage and James Peachey appeared to have a Majority upon the Poll, and were returned duly elected, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ougjit to have been returned: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of Joseph Nevil, Samuel Sage, John Winter, and others, being divers of the Populacy of the Town and Corporation of Seaford, on Behalf of themselves and others of the Populacy, and Resident Inhabitants, of the said Town and Corporation, was allb presented to the House, and read; alledging. That, at the said Election, the Petitioners, and many others of the said Populacy, tendered themselves to vote for George Medley and James Evelyn, Esquires, but were rejected by the Returning Officer; by reason whereof the Lord Gage and James Peachey Esquire were declared to have a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were returned duly elected; whereas the Petitioners insist, and doubt not but to prove, that Mr. Medley and Mr. had a Majority

of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as duly elected, to serve for the said Town and Corporation: And therefore praying, that, for the Preservation of the Petitioners ancient Rights and Privileges, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be he ard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be Vot. 29.

Novembris. 19

heard at the Bar of this House, upon the loth

Day of December next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Novembris j Anno 2® Georgii IIItil Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that the Chamberlain Accounts of the City of London attended at the Door; he chamber was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, of

pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament; London.

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the Fifth Day of July 1761: Andalfo,

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of the Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, from the 15th Day of June 1759, exclusive, to the 5th Day of July 1761, inclusive: And also,

Ah Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, from the 26th Day of November 1760, exclusive, to the 16th Day of November 1761, inclusive.

And then he withdrew;

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are prefetved, amongst the other Papers of this Session;

A Petition of Robert Hpldane, Esquire, was presented to Bridport the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Elt&ion; being a Candidate at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was duly elected, by a very great Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough; and that Sir Gerard Napier, Baronet, had likewise the Voices of a Majority of legal Voters; but that Mr. John Way, and Mr. Joseph Stone, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officers, conducted the Poll with the moll apparent Partiality to the interest of Thomas Coventry, Esquire, another Candidate; not only admitting several Persons to vote for him, noway entitled so to do, but also arbitrarily rejected no less than Forty-nine of those who voted for the Petitioner, under the most frivolous Pretences, and in some Instances without any, although the Votes so rejected were liable to no just Exception, and although the said Bailiffs received many others in favour of the said Mr. Coventry, in Circumstances exactly similar; after which the said Bailiffs thought fit to declare. That, as between the Petitioner and the said Mr. Coventry, the latter had a Majority of Four, and alledging, that under Colour of that Majority, though obtained through these and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices of the said Bailiffs, and of the said Mr. Coventry, the said Mr. Coventry procured himself to be returned by the said Bailiffs, with the said Sir Gerard Napier, as having been duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, contrary to the Truth, in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair and free Elections, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to give the Petitioner such Relief as he shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as shall be thought meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Ditto,

port, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are fub-icribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the said Election, the Petitioners, and

many

20 18° Novembris. . j 701.

many others, being a very great Majority of the Persons legally entitled by the Constitution of the said Borough to vote on that Occasion, voted for Sir Gerard , Ba-

ronet and Robert Haldane, Esquire; but that Thomas Coventry, Esquire, another Candidate, having found Means to engage in his Interest Mr. John May and Mr.

Stone, the then Bailiffs of the said Borough, who prelided as Returning Officers at the said Election, the said Bailiffs finding it impossible, notwithstanding their Efforts, and those of the other Members of the Corporation, most of whom, as well at as before the said Election, acted as Agents for the said Mr. , to procure him a real

Majority,- took upon them to reject the Votes of a very great Number of the Petitioners, and others, who voted for the said Sir Gerard Napier and Mr. Haldane, under various Pretences, all either void of Foundation in Truth, ,or, though true, insufficient, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, to support any solid Objection to the Votes lo rejected; particularly, it was pretended, that. Inhabitancy being among the Requisites to a Qualification to vote, several of the Voters rejected, who had been absent in the Service of their Country, some at Sea, others in the Militia, had forfeited their Franchises by such Absence, though they had never any settled Habitation out of the said Borough; and had returned, and been actually resident within the said Borough some Months before the said Election; and alledging, that the Petitioners were the more confirmed in thinking the several Pretences, under Colour of which the said Votes were rejected, of no Weight, even in the Opinion of the said Bailiffs; for that the said Bailiffs, during the said Poll, admitted many others in favour of the said Mr. Coventry, under the same Circumstances; and for that the Petitioners, whole Votes were so rejected, had been repeatedly lblicited foi; the fame, in Behalf of the said Mr. Coventry, by divers Members of the Corporation, and some of them by the said Bailiffs themselves, as well as by the said Mr. Coventry and his other Agents; and that the said Bailiffs, though regardless of the just Rights of the Petitioners, permitted several Persons, who had no Right, to poll for the said Mr. Coventry; and that by these, and divers other partial, corrupt, and illegal Practices of the said Bailiffs, and of the said Mr. Coventry, a colourable Majority was obtained for the said Mr. Coventry, against the said Mr. Haldane-, and the said Bailiffs have unduly returned the said Mr. Coventry, with the said Sir Gerard Napier, to the Prejudice of the said Mr. Haldane, who was duly eledecl, and ought to have been returned; and that the Petitioners, many of them being thus unjustly stript of their Franchises, and all of them, with the Electors in general, deprived of the Representative-eftheir Choice, and having another impoied on them, whom they have not chosen, can have no adequate Redress but from this House: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners ancient Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as shall seem meet

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions b'e heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 16th Day of February next.

Attendance Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and Member*. COnstant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House

And a Committee was appointed, of Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Berkeley, the Earl Ferney, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Alderman Die-kinson. Lord Howe, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mitchell, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edmond Thomas, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Roberts, Lord North, Mr. Pennant, the Earl of Fgmont, Mr. the Earl of

Thomond, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr. Co-

ventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hume, Mr./Pi Mr. B idler. Sir Francis Blake Del aval, Mr.

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Mr. Nu-

gent, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Harris, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Martin, Lord Mr.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Grantc, Mr. ffynne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all w ho come are to have Voices.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson (according to Order) reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Monday last, that a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.

That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.

That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider that Part of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to a Provision to be made for the Queen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1762, with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1762, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1762, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 176a, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge -of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1762, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1761 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1761, and the iotli Day of October 1761, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply.

Support of ihc Qurcn'f Dignity.

Supply.

Army, Scc. E ft i maics 'and Accounts.

a Geo. III.

19° NovembriSi

it

Mullen’s pond, 4c. Roads.

Jovisy 190 dieNovembris;

Anno 2® Georgii IIId* Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads leading from Mullen's Pond, in the Parish of East Cholderton, in

the County of Southampton, through the Towns of Amesbury and Wily, and through Chicklade , to the Eighteen-mile-stone from the City of , near a

Place called Willoughby Hedge, in the Parish of East Knoyle, in the County of Wilts; and from West Amesbury to the Turnpike-road at Anftow Hill, in the Parish of Kncok, in the County of Wilts-, and from the Town of Amesbury, through Bulford to the further End of Fiddle-ton, commonly called the Bourn Road; and from the New Inn in the Town of Amesbury, to the end of the Parish of Amesbury, leading to Durrington; and from Wily aforesaid. to a Public House called Cook's House, in the Parish of Codford, in the County of j and from Wily aforesaid, to the East End of the Parish of Land ford, in the county of ; and setting forth,

that the Road from Beacon Hill through and

through the Waters, to a House known by the Sign of the Nag’s Head, and from thence, for One Mile of the Road up to the Down towards Shrezvton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

of several Gentlemen and others of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Somerset, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Anna Maria ‘Thornton, the Wife of Octavius Thornton, of the Factory of Hamburgh, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mn Kynaston and Sir John Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Georgo the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prii'oners, charged in Execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged: And the feme was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time,

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1762; — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth, viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1762.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE:

Ordinary of the Office, compiling Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Bar racks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

Gibraltar and North Britain -

St. John's, Ferryland, Car bonier#, Trinity Harbour, arid centia, in Newfoundland -

_ Annapolis Royal - -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3256 Men, Officers included, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 9 March 1761 - - * -

Establishment of the Academy at Woolzvich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of superannuated and difebled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the Eaf and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

EXTRAORDINARIES:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and re-( pairing Storehouses, and Applying Stores, at

’ Gibraltar -

Annapolis Royal -

Placentia -

St. John's Ferryland, Car bonier e, and Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland -Towards erecting the New Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Inverness -Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks in Scotland Towards building and repair- ( Sheerness and Gillingham -

ing Fortifications at - \ Portsmouthand Gofpor- -

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -

Vol. 29.

j. d.

36,256 12 6

1,047 5 —

1,699 11 3

611 7 6

8,093 l7 6

91,464 8 9

1,000

867 5

4>*57 7 1

8.000 — —

1.000 -

800 — —

2.000 -

lO.oooo-----

1,200 --- —

1.000 -

3,000-----

2, JCO-----

I-

s.

d.

*44>597 *4 7

Toward*

Thornton*

Nat.

Insolvent

Debtor*.

Anftvrr to Address for Eftiinitei, Ire.

Ordnance

Estimates.

22

190 Novemb

Towards finishing Nine Batteries, to oppose an Enemy’s Landing, at tire raoft exposed Places on the Coast of Suffix and - -

Towards erecting a new Magazine for Gun powder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purflcet in Essex -

Towards erecting a Storehouse for containing a large Train of Artillery, with the necessary Stores thereunto belonging, on the Gun-Wharf at , pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant, #7 February 1761 -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New York - -

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Four Companies of Artillery in East India - -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Condudors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America ——

Pay of Officers and Artificers at Senegal, on the Coast of Africa -Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants: also towards the Hire of Horses, Drivers, and Condudors for the Train of Artillery in Germany, from 1 January to 31 December 1762 - -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

EXCEEDING S:

Forfundry Services, performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, for which no Allowance has been made in Estimate 1761.

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, for carrying on the current Service, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 2 November 1761 -....

Pay of Officers and Artificers at the Island of Guadaloupe, from 1 ft January to 31st December 1761, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current Service -

Pay of ah Apothecary General from 1 January to 31 December 1761, added to the Establishment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 5 January 1761 -

Arms delivered to Two new-raised Regiments, and Fourteen independent Companies of Foot, the Draughts to recruit the Regiments of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot in Germany, and to replace those loft and rendered unserviceable the last Campaign, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants. 12 and 23 December 1760, 19 and 22 January, 2, 23, and 27 Februa, 4, 23, 24, and 27 March, 7 April, 28 May, 29 June, 28 August, 2 September, 1, 2, 13, 28, and 30 October, and 2

November, 1761.....- - -

Tents delivered to Three Regiments of Horse and Ten of Dragoons, also to Thirty-four Regiments and Ten independent Companies of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 28 November and 19 December 1760, 19 and 29- January, 27 February, 18 May, 1, 15, and 26 June, 9 July, and 28 October 1761 An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to Six Regiments and Eleven Light Troops of Dragoons, Seventeen Regiments and Sixteen independent Companies of Foot, in Great Britain-, also to the Corps ordered to recruit the Regiments in Germany, and the Militia in the Island of Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 27 February, 4 March, 7 May, and 2 November, 1761 -

Arms, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and Colours, delivered to the Northern Battalion of the Gloucestershire Militia, also Colours to the Eastern and Western Battalions of the Norfolk, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, 16 January, and 28 May, 1761 ——

Tents delivered for Ule of Ten Regiments of Militia, ordered to be encamped, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 29 May, and 13 July 1761 Ammunition delivered to Thirty-six Regiments of embodied Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 2 November- 1761 -

Towards finishing the Barracks to lodge Troops within the Lines at Chatham, for Security and Defence of the Dock -

The Charge of finishing the Fort at Anamaboe, on the Coast of Africa, with the Pay of an Engineer to 31 March 1761 -

Towards erecting new Redoubts in the Island of Jersey, pursuant to his late Majesty’s Order in Council, 28 July 1758 -

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Train of Artillery, to attend His Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from 1 January to 31 December 1761, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 October 1761 -

£. s. d.

2,000-----

15,000-----

10*000 — -5‘i-----

1,362 13 4

9,490 — 693 IO

120,000 — 10,600 —

1»35° 9 3

1,832 14 6

109 10 —

22,866 14 4

8,518 2 —

3,931 10 7

842 3 9

1,424 — — 4,800 14 6 20,137 *7 1

2,030 5 9

3,212 16 3

827 6 8

j}. 1761.

£. s. d

I99»157 3 4

Pay

frirate Bilk frklcgf.

2 GEO. III.

190 Novembris.

Pay of Officers and Attendants on the Field Train of Artillery fitted out for immediate Service, from i January to 31 'December 1761, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 1761 1,637 7 —

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers for the said Train, from

v January to 31 December 1761 - 11,546 16 10

AHo Forage to Officers ----- 745-----

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot in England, from 1 January to 31 December 1761, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 October 1761 ——

Also Forage to the Officers, Stores, and Incident*

3,024 io 9 240-----

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by, and Sums advanced to, the Paymasters of the several Trains of Artillery in North , on Account of Contingencies ——

Brass Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, intrenching Tools, and other Stores sent to New York, for Service of the Trains of Artillery to be employed with the Armies in America, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 Oc tobet 1761 - -

Ordnance and Stores sent to the new Batteries, erected ift the most exposed Places on the Coast of Kent and Sussex, to oppose an Enemy’s Landing Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers for the- Train of Artillery in Germany, to 31 December 1761' with the Charge of Horses that have been killed, taken by the Enemy, or died through excessive Service, between 1 October 1760, and 31 July 1761, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 7

November 1760 - - - -- - 146,833 19

Also Money paid on Account of Contingencies, with the Pay of

Officers, Artificers, and Attendants - 15,579 3

s. d.

14,929 3 10

3,264 10 9

3 0,095 7

22,928 15 6,228 14

10

For which Services there hath been granted, in Estimate

162,413 3 5

1761

100,000 — —

Powder, Shot, Shells, Horse-Harness, Intrenching Tools, Tents, and other Stores sent for completing the British Train of Artillery with the Allied Army in Germany, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 October 1761 A Battering Train of Artillery, confiding of Brass Ordnance,

: Mortars, Howitzers, PowdeF, Shot, Shells, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores, prepared and shipped for Service of the Expedition against Belleijle, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, s. d.

29 October 1761 - 56,735 14 9

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants on the said Train, from 1 February, with the Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, from 7 April to 31 December 1761, also on Account of Contingencies ----- 7»^52

64,588 13

Towards which there remains unexpended of the £.20,009

granted for an Expedition, in Estimate 1761 - 9,918 4

Building Materials and Barrack Bedding sent to Belleijle, for putting under Cover 4000 Men, and Money drawn for on account of the Works, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, i3 August 1761 -

There remains a Saving of £. 275 upon the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Clerk, uniffued to this Office, of the Money granted for Service of the Year 1761.

62,413 3

20,740 19 10

54,670

8 8

n,9°5 15 n

S.

23

d.

299,161 4 4

642,916 2 3

Charles Frederick. IV. R. Earle. A. lVilkinson.

Cha’ Cox.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 131I1 Day of February next.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House having informed the House, That, in pursuance of the Order

\ Oh.29.

of Friday last, " That the Serjeant at Arms, attending " this House, do, from Time to Time, take into his " Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or " be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while " the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is " fitting; and that no Person, fb taken into Custody, be " discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of " the House; he had taken into his Custody a Stranger,

who

nf Ncvem.

A. 1761.

who was in the Gallery while the House was fitting, upon Tuesday last, and that the said Person is still in his

Custody.

Ordered, That the said Person be discharged out of the said Custody, paying his Fees.

Nary Debt. Ordered, That a State of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it (food on the 30th of September last, be laid before this House.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Transport count of the Charge for Transport Service, between the v,ce* 1 ft of October and 31 ft of December 1760, including the

Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the 1 ft of January and 30th of 1761, including

the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Building Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Ships; Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- re&ions to the proper Officers, that there be laid before Iftimate. this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships for the Year 1762.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider that Part of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to a Provision to be made for tire Queen;

Ordered, That that Part of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to a Provision to be made for the Queen, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Doctor Hay (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,;

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1762.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abllract thereof is as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1762.

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lore High Admiral of Great Britain, fete. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers

Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

f. d.

i. Superannuated Sea Officers - -16,142 17

3. Pensions and other Allowances - 7,116 7 11

Yards. {

Chatham Deptford Woolwich Portsmouth Sheerness ...Plymouth

3.448 — 3,142 U 2,520 8 8

4,298 14 1.813 4

3.359 9

*5

Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out-Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build ings, fete. -

Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1762 -

To which may be added.

For completing the Chapel ordered to be built for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Hajler, and such other Works as may afterwards be found proper to be performed before the whole Work is put out of Hand -

For completing the Works of the Hospital building at Plymouth -And for defraying the Expences of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled. Seamen taken and to be taken into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of the Country, there being now Fifteen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in the said Hospital j and also for a sufficient Number of Nudes, being Widows of Of fleers and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Building; and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1762 j Ten Thousand Pounds -

i-

£. J.

36,093 4 1

9 5 4

18,582 9 —

5.37° 6 14

24,487 12 1

11,868 11 8

34,372-----

88,193-----

30,000 — —

272,226 9 1

1.000 — > —

6.000 — —

10,030 -- — -

289,226 9 I

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1762, amounts to Two hundred eighty-nine thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny.

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. W, Bate/y. £. Mason. T. Brett. R. Osborn.

Orderedt

Estimate 1 Navy.

.4 Geo.. III. i9°~-ao°

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, -to be perused by the-Members of the House. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die;

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Sukw cimreh T ORD Charles Spencer reported from the Committee,

JL Jto whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ap-^uaf* pointed to put in execution Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Maje (ty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church to Enjlow Bridge, through the City of Oxott, by to New Woodjtock'in the County of (except the

Mile-way on each Side of the said City) and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse, to the Turnpike on Stoku Church Hillaforesaid, was referred; that the Committer-had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said'Petition, ti e Agent For the Petitioners produced an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the said Roads; and also an Act passed in the 13th Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Tern? granted by the said former Act; which were read: And, Mr. Thomas Newell informed your Committee, That the said Roads are in many Parts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and extremely ruinous and bad. — That the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £. $000 Upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, notwithstanding which, the Repair of the said Roads, and the widening thereof, cannot be completed,-nor the Money borrowed repaid, iinlels the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts be further enlarged and extended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing "the Roads from the Top of Stoken Church Hill to Enjlow Bridge, and the Road leading from ley Bridge, through the City of Oxon, by Begbrooh, tq New Woodjlack, in the County of Oxon, (except the Mile-way on each. Side of the said City) and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse, to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill aforesaid; and for widening several Parts of the said Roads: And that Lord Charles , Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Morion, and Mr. Blackjtonex

do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Ttomton’s Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, "according to Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anna Maria. r, Wife of Ofiavius 'Thornton, Merchant; And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wigtoun A Petition of James Murray of Broughton, Esquire, c ,00’ was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the last Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of John Hamilton of

Bargeny, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and alledging, that the said John , and Fourteen other Persons, claiming to be Freeholders of the said Shire, did, previous to the said Election, enter into, and lign, an Engagement in Writing, to adhere to one another in endeavouring to strengthen their Party, and to VoL. 2Q.

Novemiris*

'procure one of theirownNumber to represent the County,

‘to be determihed by the Majority of them; and the Minority engaged upon their Honour to attend* ind join with the Majority in electing the Freeholder voted for by such Majority, and in all the previous Steps to the Election; and that in consequence of this Agreement the said Associates, or some of them, did endeavour, by undue Practices, to dissuade some of the other Freeholders from voting for the Petitioner, and 16 prevail oh them to vote for the said John Hamilton, being the 'Per--son proposed and approved by the Majority'of the said

Associates; and that Sir William of,

Baronet, who acted as Prates at the said Election, and the other Associates, admitted several PferfonS to vote for the said John Hamilton who had no Right so to do;-and arbitrarily refused several Persons to*vote for the Petitioner, although the Persons so refilled could be liable to nojuft Exceptions; in consequence of which it appeared by the Roll that Twenty had voted©f r 'th* -laid Joh\i Hamilton, and Seventeen for the Petitioner'; and that under Colour of such pretended Majority the said John Hamilton did procure himself to, be returned, as duly . 1 j elected, Knight of the said Shire*,’ though he was not , duly elected, and though he is'dot qualified in Eftafe to

lit in Parliament; (as having'only an- Interest redeemable on Payment of Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence) to the manfrft prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights of the "Electors of the said Shire: And therefore praying’the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as he shall appear to merit; and to do further therein as shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitiotf be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 23d

Day of February next.

The House being informed that Mr. Sectdcfi, from the Westmiriftfcf Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River BriJgt. Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House* pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners fot building Westminster Bridge, from the id Day of December 1760, to the 17th Day of November 1761, inclusive;

And also*

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of OElo-ber 1760, to the 10th Day of October 1761*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The . laid Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Thomond reported to the House, that Answer their Address of Yesterday (that 'His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Estimate f0 therein- mentioned might be laid before this House) had Estimate, been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint‘this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of William Baylics, of the Borough of Ereflwm Evesham, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, was pre- Election, fentecl to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last General Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Evesham, Sir John -out. Baronet, John Rufhout, Esquire, his Son, Thomas Cooks, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates ;and alledging that Thomas Rous, Esquire* the then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, being wholly under the Influence of the said Sir John Rushout, behaved in a most partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, against the Petitioner and the said Thomas Cooks, during

G the

20° Novembris. A. 1761.

Evetham

Bicai^o*

the Poll, by admitting several Persons to poll for the said Sir John Rushout and his Son, who had no Right, and by refuting others to poll who had an undoubted Right, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner and the said Thomas Cooks; and that the said Sir Rushout and his Son, and their Agents, by Threats and Menaces, intimidated and prevented several Persons, who had voluntarily promij'ed the Petitioner their Votes, from giving the fame at the said Election; and by many notorious and flagrant A<3s of Bribery and Corruption, and other unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir John Rushout and his Son procured them (elves to be returned as Burgesses, duly elected,' to l'erve in this present Parliament for the .|jid Borough, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who bad a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and in open Violation of the Rights and Pdvtleges of the Burgesses of the said Borough, and the Laws forlecuring the freedom of Elections of Members to serve ja Pjtrliaieent: And therefore praying the House to-take the Premises into Consideration, and togive the Pe-rftfonetluch Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

A petition of the several Persons, whole Names are theryunto subscrilxd, being common Burgesses of the Boiiongh of Jivefiani, in the County of on

behalf qfthertdelyes, and other common Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Borough is an ancient Borough, and has sent Two Members to Parliament everfince CheThird Year of the Reign of King James:the First. And that by Charter granted i i the Third Yf4t>: of tlradaid Reign, the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was vested in the then M.'y°r> Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, and their Successors; and by the same Charter Power was given to Twenty-one Persons therein named, called capital Burgesses, and their Successors; and to the major Part of them, to nominate and choose such and so many Persons, as well resident without as within the said Borough, to be Burgesses thereof, as they should think most- conducive to the Public Good arid Welfare of the said Borough; and that by ancient and invariable Usage in the said Borough, for Time immemorial, the eldest Sons of Burgesses, living at the Death of their Father, and Persons who have served regular Apprenticeships to Burgeflesin the said Borough, upon making Proof thereof to the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, in Council assembled; have been admitted to," and enjoyed, all the Rights and Privileges of Burgesses of the said Borough; and that in the Year 1669, the then Mayor, Aldermen; and capital Burgesses of the said Borough, assumed to themfe'Ves‘the foie Right' of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and having returned Sir Thomas Hanmore as duly defied by them for that Purpose, upon Application made to the then House of Commons again (I the fold ‘Return, the House resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was in the Common Burgesses; and that the select Election, made by the Mayor, Aldermen, and chief Burgesses, was not good; and alledging, that in order to defeat the Intent of the said Reforution, and to acquire the like Power of determining Elections, the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses have, from time to time, but more particularly of late Years, nominated and admitted many Persons of Distinction and Fortune, and others, not bred to any Trade or Profession, and who never resided

in or were possessed of any Property in, the said Borough, to be Burgesses (hereof, with no other view than to multiply Votes in favour of particular Candidates; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, uithlnrent to prevent disinterested and impartial Persons from voting at such Elections, have of late Years held Meetings so lel-dom, and upon such short Notices, that many Persons, duly qualified, and delirous to be admitted Burgeflls of the said Borough, have not had proper Opportunities allowed them for that Purpose; by which illegal and arbitrary Practices the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners have been infringed, and the Freedom of Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is endangered; and that the Petitioners apprehend, and are advised, that by the said Resolution of the House of Commons, the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is, in the Mayor, Aldermen, and finch common Burgesses of the said Borough, as are, or shall be admitted Burgesses thereof, by Birth, Servitude, or Eieftion, in order to trade in the said Borough, and have not received Alms or other Charity: And further setting forth, That at the last General Eieftion for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Seven hundred Persons were admitted to poll for such Burgesses, one Half of whom had not, as the Petitioners apprehend, any Right of voting at such Eieftion, being either Honorary Burgesses, or Freemen Paupers, or never admitted, or entitled to be admitted, Burgesses of the said Borough; And further alledging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Majority of legal Votes, at the said Eieftion, were given in favour of Sir John Rushout, Baronet, and William Bay* lies, Esquire, Two of the then Candidates; and that the said William Bay lies ought to have been returned, as duly defied: And therefore praying the House to take the Mattefs aforesaid into Consideration, and to do therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 15th Day of December next.

Mr, Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garriforts, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, including thofein many, and On an Expedition, for the Year 1762; And also,' '

Estimate of the.Clnrge of His Majesty’s Forces, in the Plantations, 'Gibraltar, and Guc.daloupe, for the Year, 17 62: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, bn the Irish Establishment, fervipg in North America, from the 25th December 1761, to the 24th December 1762, both inclusive, bcipg 365 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, consisttng of 9,370 Men, from 25th December 1761, to 24th of December 1762, both inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staif Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, for the Year 1762.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates arc aa foljoweth, viz.

Army

Estimates.

X/ient Dra^om, mgoOn&r

2 Geo. III.

2b® NavemlYis.

2?

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrrfons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, including those in

Germany, arid on an Expedition, for the Year 1762,

U

C

SB

r First Troop: of Life Guards Second uitrh *-First Tro-p uf Grenadier Guards Second ditto - - _ -

' Royal Regi inenfof ITorfe G uards Lieut* General Dejedris - -

Lieut. Genetiu HonfivdoAs - " -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Record ditto

Third ditto - - - '

Lieut. Generaf Coiizvay*s Dragoons 3ufce of A>*gyfe's

F.'aTTOt" Albemarle's -

Sir Robert Rich's

Lrnifr General Glxrfmtmxkbrfs'

Lieut General Mofiyn's - *.

Sir Mor daunt's -

Lari of Ancram's

Major'Gerferal Light Dragoons -

Lieuh^OT’ncl Rurgoytte's^ - -»

Lod A her Jour's* -

LieutrColo1 f&//s -

Marquis of Granby's -

Tirff Kcgiment'of Foof'Guafds^ *

Coldjtrbam Rc^im^nt of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards -

Lieut. Gener-! HovAird's Regiment Major General Hodgson's - -

Major General B. rriugtdn*s

Lieut. General Whitmorcs - -

Lieut. General BochtaoAs' -Lieut. Gener.il Napier's -

Major General Jejfenes’s - ~

Lord George Beauclerk's - - -

l/’eut. Gt nc^al Kingsley's - -

Lari of Paiwiure's - - *

Lieut. General (Tecrn Rfficawetis Lieut. General Ccr ini'aVis'S -Sir Henry Er/ki.-i-f s

Ear! of London's Regiment -

Lieut, General Holmes's -

Lieut. General Leigh Ion's -

_ Major General Griffin's

§ / Lord Frederick Cavertdish's -

\ Lord Robert' Mariners' %

Lieut. Genettil Stuart's' -

L»eut. General Carr's - -

Major General Briidenell's -

Lord Charles MdivncrVs

Coionei Gray's -

Colonel Cary's -

Major General Favf.UCs - ,

Colonel Lambert's - 4 - -

Major General Lamb for's -Major General Con'ill's

Colonel Frag and's Major General Petitot's -

Duke of Richmond's Major General Bofeaiveii s -Colonel RufanCs -

Colonel Cfaufutia's - -

Lieut. Colo. AViV/Ls Corps of Highlanders Lieut. Colo. Campbell's Corps of Highlanders ^Lieut. CoV. Morgan's Light Infantry -Vol. 29,

Numbers* Pay of the Troops and Regiments P for 365 Pays, t

c

- 181 to to 17.605 3 4j

- ' 151 - - 1 7’6o5 3 4:

- U7; - 10,870 18 4

- 17b - - 10,743* 3 a

- 5*8 35*234 13,^4

34:7 * . 23,837 JO X0V

347 - - 23,837 10 10

i ,9 2 7 I i. - , Tj' - - . -

- 7°'5 31*657 13 4

to Ji6 A. A . 23,2.2,6 4

*» 51.6 . to 23*226 3- 4

516 23,226 3 4'

to 5*6 - - 23,226 3 4

- 672 - - 29,002 5 10

to 672 . - 29,002 5 10

- 5l6 - - 23,226- 3r 4 (

- 5*6 to 23,226 3 4

- 5*6 - - 23,226 3 4

M 5*6 to to - 6,177 23,226 3 4

- 748’ - - 29,549'I5,°

* - r*r ' to i 28,974 18 4

to 120 - - 5,402 — —

to 7*3 to «> 28.853 5 —

- 498 2,762 22,3x0 12 6

to 3>*89 to to 70,083 — 10

to 2,048. - to 45>253rl8 4

2,048 - to 45X308 >3 4

!, OJ4 - to 18,365 IX' &.

- " 1,054 - to _ 18^365 11. 8

" i»°34 toft ft* 18^65 u 8

*»°i4 _ - - 18*365 11 8

i,°34 to — 18,365 11 8

1.034 - 18,365 ii 8

- " 1,034 - 18,365 11 8

1,034 m — 18,3^5 11 8

1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- *.©34 - >8,365 ii 8

- ' 1.034 - " 18*365 11 8

- " ‘.©34 - - 18,365 11 8

- *.°34 - 18,365 11 8

m *.034 - - 18^65 11 8

1.034 - - 18,365 u 8

*>°34 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 to — 18,365 11 8

- *.034 - / 18,365 u 8

- *.034 18,365 11 S

- 1.034 - - . 18,365.11 8

- 1.034 - 18,365 ii 8

- 1.034 - 18,365.11 8

1.031- 18,365.11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 n 8

- 1.034 - 18,56 5 11 8

- 1.034 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8.

~ 1.034 - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034 - 18,365 11. 8

- 1.034 18,365 11 8

- *.°34 - *8,365 H 8

- 1.03+ - - 18,365 11 8

- 1.034. 9 m 18.3b5.11 8

- >>389.. , - - _ 24,482, ,7 6

- 1,611 to 28,199 5 10

4ft 918 - 16,126 18 4

- " 918 - - 16,126 18 4,

- 582 10,369 10 —

TOTAL*

2 75471 *

115,090 11 9

Lieut.

28

20° Novembris.

A. 1761.

Urn

"'"Lieut. Cola Stewart'% "

Lieut. Cola Grey's Major Byng's *

Major Colin Campbell's Major Johnson'% - -

Major Wedderburn's -

Lieut. Colo. OfwalcTs Lieut. Colo. Tony -

'Major General s Regiment Q§,) Lord Lindores's - - , -

| Major General Parker's I Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account

Total

Numbers.

691

578

575

575

688

688

1,148

1,084

755

1.017

1.017 1,21 9

52,802

4,008

67,676

Pay of the Tr ops and Regiments for 365 Days.

c J. d.

12,513 8 4

10,858 15 0

10,210 17 6

10,210 17 6

11,956 15 10

11,956 15 10

20,129 15 —

18,201 6 8

12,601 12 6

14,741 8 9

14,741 8 9

21,037 13 9

7,848 18 6

30,000 " ——

TOTAL.

t.

968,053 9 1

63,122 3 9

67,848 18 6

1,629,320 18 x

War-Office, 20th November 1761.

C. *Townjhen.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, , and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1762,

Second Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot Major General AmherJPs - - -Colonel Monckton's - -

Major General Whitmore's -

Lieut. General Warbufton's -Major General Townjhcndls -

Lieut. General Otway's -

Major General Robinson's - -Major General Armiger'%

Lord Murray's - -

Major General John Bofcawen's Major General Talbot's Lieut. General Murray's Major General Stanwix’s - -'

Colonel Oughtons - -

Royal American Regiment - - ' ~-

Colonel Irwin's

Lieut. Colo. Montgomery's Highland Battalion Lieut. Colo. Frafer’s Highland Battalion Colo. Gage's Light Infantry -

Lieut. Colo. Draper's Battalion -

Lieut. Colo. Coote's Battalion - -

Lieut. Colo. Worge'% Battalion Lieut. Colo. Morris's Battalion Lieut. Colo. Vaughan's Battalion

Colo. Burton's Battalion Lieut. Colo. Monson's Battalion - -

Major Goreham's Corps 4th Division of Independent Companies Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas - *-

One Company in the Island of Providence Three Companies at South Carolina

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and St. Johns Officers serving with the Forces in North America Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in North America -Contingencies upon Account - -

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, Sec. for 46$ Days. TOTAL.

- . £ d. . £' i*

825 - ~ 15,831 17 6

746 - " 14,669 19 2

715 - 14,019 — 10

825 - - 16,087 7 6

715 - " 14,019 — 10

7*5 - 14,019 — 10

825 m m 16,087 7 6

7i5 - - 14,019 — . 10

825 - - 1(1,087 7 6

1,651 31,706 6 8,

8 25 - - 16,087 7 6

7i5 - - 14,019 — 10

7i5 - 14,019 — 10

9i5 - - 18,298 13 4

7*5 - - 14,019 — 10

3,301 - 64,605

1,156 - - 22,258 18 4

M53 - - 21 >994 5 i°

i,i53 - 21 >994 5 .10

56 7 - - 9,943 4 2

993 - 19,122 19 e

i,377 - - 24,050 9 2

1,034 - 18,237 16 8

i,°35 - - 18,261 6 8

i,°35 m m 18,110 1 8

1,034 - - 18,365 11 8

1,037 - - 18,630- 4 2

286 m 5>°43 1 8

459 - 7,914 8 4

445 - - 7,141 16 8

5§ - 1,067 12 6

150 - - 2,466 15 10

345 29,060 5,867 7 6 548,004 18 4

2,888 17 6

10,995 11 6

« 4,881 17

2,000 0 0

At

2 Geo. III*

20* Nobembrls.

29

At GUAbA

Lieut. General Duroure’s Regiment -

Colonel Sir William Boothby's

Lord Malpas's

3d Division of Independent Companies -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

At GIB

Lieut. General Guise's Regiment -Lord Robert Bertie's - - .

Lieut. General Pulteney's - -

Colonel Town’s -

Major General Parjlow's -

Sir David Cuttyngham’s -

Officers of the Garrison, (Be. -Officers of the Garrison at Quebec

Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Two other Regiments at Nova Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Regiments at Quebec -

Provisions for the Regiments at Guadaloupe

Provisions for the Regiments at Senegal and Goree Provisions for the Independent Companies at Providence

War-Office, 20th November 1761.

C. Townjhen

Total

Numbers. Pay of tbak l&giments, 8cti for 365 Day*. TOTAL;

1.034 1.034 1.034 145 m m m m m + £- 18.365 ii 8 18.365 1* 8 18.365 11 8 5,986 61,082 15 — 4.903 3 4

- ’ 3 >44 / a

*15 815 81.5 *15 815 4 m - to 4,890 15.235 r4 2 15.399 !9 2 15.235 x4 2 15.235 *4 2 15.235 14 2 15.235 *4 2 91,578 10 — 4.205 17 3 1,630 6 a

L-

\ m m mm m m mm m m m m + 3.843 2 11 7,686 5 10 36,000 33.458 6 8 24.447 *3 35,717 6 iif 456 5 — 141,609 — 6

m m 37.397 4 873,780 18 7

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, on the Establishment, serving in North America from the 25th December 1761, to the 24th December tj6i, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

The British Establishment for Lieut. General Lascelles’s Regiment of Foot, from 25th 1761, to 24th December 1762 -Paid by Ireland, for the said Regiment, for the same Time ‘ £- s- d 16,087 7 ( 8,694 7 6 \ Numbers. > 825 > I. r. d.

Difference Lieut. General Abercrombie’s the same -Major General Webb's the same - -The British Establishment for Major General Anjlruther's Regiment of Foot for the same Time -Paid by Ireland, for the said Regiment, for the same Time 14,019 — 10 12,914 — 4 825 825 715 7.393 7.393 7.393 ~ —

Difference - - to 1,105 — 6

War-Office, 20th November 1761. Total C. Townshend. - 3,190 23,284 — 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, consisting of 9,370 Men, from 25 th

December 1761, to 24th December ij6i, both inclusive.

Colonel Grame's Regiment

Lieut. Colonel Band’s Battalion Lieut. Colonel B

Lieut. Colonel Ms Major Nairn’s Corps Major Ogle's Major Hamilton's Major Markham's Major McLean’s Major Walkingjhaw Cranfurd’s

Major Deaken’s

War-Office, 20th November 1761.

C. Tovotjhend.

Vol. 29. H

Numbers. £ * J

- 1,438 25,026 z6 8

m to 1.034 18,201 6 8

1.034 18,201 6 8

1.034 18,201 6 8

- 690 12,011 10 10

690 *2,011 10 10

m 690 12,011 10 10

690 12,011 10 10

690 12,011 10 10

m 0 690 12,011 10 10

690 12,011 10 10

Total - 9.37° 163,711 ia 6

Estimate

Infoh'ent

Debtors.

Support of the Queen’s Dignity.

ao° — 3:i° Novembris. A. 1761.

E ST IM A T E of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, for the Year 1762.

1 General and Staff Officers - - -Officers of the Hospital - - ‘ - - - £ S’ d 58,813 15.10 14,082 18 4

War-Office, aoth November 1761. C. £ 72,896 14 2

Ordered, That the said Estim’ates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King;

thrThird, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in Execution to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged, was. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That; the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ‘

Resolved, That this House - will, upon Monday Corning next, resolve itself into a - Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider that Part of His Majesty’s most gracious ^pejxh to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to a Provision to be made for the Queen, the Re-' solutions which the Committee had'directed him to report to the-House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at thei Clerk’s Table: Where the same were.read; and are as followeth; viz.

, Resolved, IfhaL it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Provision be made for the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, during her Life,. to support Her

Royal Dignity, together with His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House, and the Lodge and Lands at Richmond Old Park. ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that His Majesty be enabled to charge the said One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, upon all or any Part of such of the Revenues, which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Support of His Majesty’s Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, were directed to be, during'His Majesty’s Life, carried to, and made Part of the Aggregate Fund, as shall be subsisting after His Majesty’s Demise; and to charge all, or any Part of ►the Aggregate Fund", as a collateral Security for making good the said Annuity.

The First Resolution being read a second Time;

_ Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Provision be made for the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, of One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, during Her Life, to fu^ort Her Royal Dignity, together with His Majesty s Palace of Somerset House, and the Lodge and Lands at_ Richmond Old Parki

The Second Resolution being read a second Time, Resolved, Nemine Cotitradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That His Majesty be enabled to charge the said One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum upon all or any Part of such of the Revenues, which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the liipport of his Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour 4 '15 1

and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, were directed to be, during His Majesty’s Life, carried to, and made Part of the Aggregate Fund as shall be subsisting after His Majesty’s Demise; and to charge all, or any Part, of the Aggregate Fund, as a collateral Security for making good the said Annuity.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, the Lord Barrington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Htiffey, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.-

Sabbatic 210 die Novembris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP*' Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That there be laid before this Hpufe, an Account of the Quantities of Beef, Pork, Butter, and Cheese, used inHis Majesty’s Navy, and the Prices paid for the same, from the lft of January 1759; distinguishing each Sort and Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the sick and wounded Seamen do lay before this House, an Account of the Prices paid by them for Bee£ Pork, Butter, and Cheese, for Six Years, to Michaelmas last, distinguishing each Year.

A Motion was. made, and the Question being proposed. That there be laid before this House an Account of the Prices which have been given for Beef, Butter, and Cheese, for the Supply, of Che Hospital, for Six Years last past; distinguistijqg each Sort, and each Year;

An Amendment was proposed to- be made to the Question, byinferting after the Word "Beef," and before the Word " Butter", the Word " Mutton."

Supply.

Account Naval Provisions.

Account: Prices of Meat Supplied t# Chelsea Hospital.

2 Geo. III. 21* — 230

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by, the House.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered \That there be laid before this f-louse, an Account of the Prices which have been paid for Beef, Mutton, Butter, and Cheele, for the Supply of Chelsea Hospital, for Six Years last past; distinguishing each Sort, and each Year.

Novembris. 31

Ltiriaii it? die

Anno 2* Georgii III" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

ANNA Maria ’Thornton took the Oaths appointfd. in order to her Naturalization.

i?f;

on

Importation Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ofSalted ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Provisioni., Hou^ to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Grafton do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. ----- Brownsworth do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. ----- do attend the said

'Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. ----- Brattle do attend the said

Commitieeat the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Vent do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

prorifion The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord-fcrtbe ing to Order, A Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Queen. pr0vision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejbived, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Bill be read a Second Time.

VppJjr. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee hid di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seventy thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-two, including Nineteen thousand and Sixty-one Marines.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Seventy thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Sendee.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways -Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-iad Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Importation Ordered, That the Steward of St. Thomas's Hospital Prarifiont do, upon Thursday^ Morning next, attend the Committee 8 of the whole House,;to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That the Steward of St, Bartholomew's l lof-pital do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

A Petition of the Owners, and Occupiers of Houses Halifax, and Tenements in the Town of Halifax, in the County of ’"atcr York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Watercourse issuing from the public Spring called Well Head, near Halifax aforesaid, and whenfe the Inhabitants of the said Town used to be principally supplied with Water, is of late so much obstructed and polluted with Filth and Rubbish in its ancient Course to the said Town, that the said Inhabitants are obliged, at a great Expence of Labour, Time, and Money, to fetch Water for domestic Uses in Carts, from the Head of the said Spring; and that the said Town being of late Years increased in Trade and Number of Inhabitants, the said Spring is not now sufficient to serve the said Town* nor, by reason of its Situation, can the Water thereof be conveyed in PipesintotheDwellingHouseslituate in the upper Part of the said Town; and alledging, that it would be ajj Advantage to all Persons residing in, and resorting to the said Town, if a sufficient Supply of wholesome Water was conveyed in Pipes into the Dwelling Houses therein, which, the Petitioners apprehend may be done by the Assistance of the several other Springs of Water arising ip Ovendin, in the said County, and in several other Parts in the Neighbourhood, which lie higher than the said Spring called Well Head-, and that the Petitioners having with that view made Proposals for the Purchaseof Two of the said'Springs which lie higher thanihe said Spring called Well Head, and for an Authority to convey the Water in Pipes, or otherwjfe, from thence and the said Spring called Well Head, through the interjacent Grounds, are desirous that such Purchase may beperfefted, and the same veiled in Trustees, and Power given to raise Money fdr defraying the Expences thereof, and of the said Undertaking: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that t hey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it (half appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George ^avile, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis D, Mr Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bankes,

Lord Middleton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Chewynd, M Mr. OJba/defton, Mr. Townshend, Nix., Detnpfter, Nlc.Ky-

nafton, M r. Gore, Mr, Alderman. Dickinson, Lord Ga-

rysfort, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thoroton, chord Howe, Mr . Heavett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Serjeant /frzw//,

M r. Lloyd, Mr. Se/wyn, Sir. Charles Mo?daunt, Mr.. Fuller,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Rekow, Mr. Wftbrahafn, Mr, Pemuust,

General Whitmore, Mr. Parker, Sir George , Mi*.

Bayntun, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Alderrpan ,. Mr.

Gholmbndeley, Mr , EJiabHarvey ^Lord MandevH/c, Mr. Wil-

brdham Bootle, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, -

berland, Westmot eland, and Lane after-. And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Mom

ing. Nine of the Clock.

it

/1

S-

Vol. 29.

A Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, waspresented to New the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Radnor

Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Bo- 6 tct,*Dr rough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, Thomas Lcicis, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and alledging,.that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been alone returned to represent the said Borough;

Dukt of Bridgewater's Navigation Aa. Longford Bridge.

Holy Croft in

Perfliore

Inclosure*

Chester

Poor*

33 23 Novembr A. 1761.

rough; but Thomas Davis, Bailiffof the said Borough, if the Streets, Rows, and Passages in the said City, were and who presided as Returning Officer at the said Elec- kept in good Order, clean, and properly lighted; and tion, behaved with great Partiality in favour of the said an able Watch kept therein in the Night-time, and luf-Thomas Lewis, and hath returned him together with the ficient Engine?, and able Men, kept and employed for Petitioner; whereby, and by many undue and unwar- the better extinguishing of Fires that may happen in the rentable Practices, as well previous to, as at, and in re- said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be 1 at ion to, the said Election, the Petitioner and the legal given to bring in a Bill for incorporating of Guar-EleAors have been greatly prejudiced: And therefore dians, and for establishing of Hospitals and Houses of praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- Industry, for the better employing and maintaining of tion, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem the Poor of the several Parishes within the City and

meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the first

Day of December next.

Ordered, That Lord Carysfort, Lord Mr.

Alderman Diekinson, Mr. William Mr.

fion, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Aldworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, is referred.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Holy Cro/s, near Perfhore, in the County or Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mord Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Buller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fuller, Lord Parker, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fane, Lord Batman, Mr. Smith, Sir Cecil Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Dering, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Mr.

Blackstone, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Amyand, Lord Digby, Mr. Foley, Lord Gage, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Peter Burrell, Lord Midleton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Price, Mr. Ward, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Calvert, Lord GMr. Dawkins, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Offley, Lord Grey, Mr. Wynne, Sir William Meredith, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Oxford, Warwick, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of such of the other Citizens and Inhabitants of and within the City and Coimty of the City of Chester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That within the said City are Nine separate Parishes, the Poor whereof have been heretofore distinctly provided for by Taxation within each Parish; but that the Petitioners conceive it would tend greatly to the Eafeand Benefit of the several Parishes within the said City if proper Perfops were incorporated, with full Power to have the Care and Management of all the Poor within and belonging to the iaid City, and to raise sufficient Money for maintaining and employing the m; and that it would add very -much to the Safety and Advantage of the said Citizens,

County of the City of Cheffer, and for enlightening, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Pillages;-for keeping and providing a nightly Watch, and for the Support ot Fire Engines and Fire Men, within the said City and County.

A Petition of the Mayor of the City of and

County of the same City, on Behalf of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City, was also presented to the House, and read; alledging. That it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City, if Provision was made for regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Hackney Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, working the rein, and in the Liberties thereof: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Bill which the Petitioner apprehends hath been applied for, to incorporate Guardians for the Government and Maintenance of the Poor, and other Purposes within the said City.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof and report the famj, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Wilbraham Mr.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Grofuenor, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Blaikflon, Mr. Mr. TuJ-

way, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Foley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Rice, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Lord Mr.

Buller, Lord Malpas, Mr. Pent on, Lord Garlics, Mr. Hunt, Sit Francis Poole, Mr. Bull, Mr Coventry, Mi Mr. Olmius, Mr. Parker, Sat Edward Mr.

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grant, Mr.

7/tor ot on, Mr. Offley, Mr. Harris, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. Bacon, Lord Parker, Mr. Shuttl Mi.Ward, Mr.

reffer, Mr. Dmpffer, Mr. Prowse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Stafford-, and the Principality of And they

aae to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and Lord Sutherland's Battalion of High-

landers in North Britain, from 25th December 1761, to 24th December 1762, both indufive, being 365 Days: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing for the embodied Militia, for the Year 1762.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth, viz.

Poor.

Militia

Eftinutes.

.2 X3eo: III.

a'3* Novembris.

33

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South 'Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyllshie, and Lord Sutherland’1* Battalion of Highlanders in , from 25th 'De~

cember 1761, to.24th December 1762* both indufive, being 365 Days.

aw — nt.U

________ ui-li.

Wiltshire Regiment, from 25th December 1761, to 24 1762,

inclusive, being 365 Days

Dorsetshire, for the same Time Devon/hirc, for the iame Time A7c«/, for the same Time Norfolk, for the same Time -Somersetshire, for the same Time York, N* Hiding, for the same Time Surrey, for the same Time Warwickshire, for the same Time Berkshire, for the same Time Gloucestershire, for the same Time York, West Riding, for the same Time Hertfordshire, for the same Time Suffolk, for the same Time ... Huntingdonshire, for the same Time -Lincolnshire, for the same Time -

EJJ'ex, for the same Time -Cheshire, for the same Time -Carmarthen, for the same Time Flintshire, for the same Time Pembrokeshire, for the same Time Hampshire, for the same Time Rutland, for the same Ttme -

Wefmore land, for the same Time York, East Riding, for the same Time Northumberland, for the same Time Brecknock, for the same Time Durham, for the same Time -Bedfordshire, for the same Time Mo;mouthjh:re, lor tie same Time -Cornwall, for the same Time Buckingham,shire, for the same Time Leicestershire, for the same Time Denbighfiire, for the same Time Cumberland, for the same Time Lancajkire, for the same Time Glamorganshire, for the same Time -Fencible Men of Argylshire, for the same Time JLord Sutherland's Battalion, for the same Time

War Office, 23d November 1761.

V? e .0 JD , ci A i £ i

hf — J " ' 1 - ' L-

1 1 896 12,793 5 — -

1 7 11,340 i 8

4 >>844 30,684 6 8

1 7°4 10,69) 9 2

2 1,108 18,423 7 6-

2 95S 14,867 13 4

2 854 ,5>323 *8 4

2 896 «3>»I5 J3 4

1 723 10,864 16 8

1 638 9,734 12 6

2 1,000 1 13,230 18 4

3 JA35 23>53° 6 8

1 1 669 10,347 13 —

2 1,142 18,137 9 2

376 6,583 4 2

2 1,366 20,999 13 4

2 1,131 19,807 6 8

x 667 9,997 19 2

1 222 3,881 3 4

1 146 2,716 4 2

1 197 3,510 1 8

2 1 1,036 16,482 13 10

1 145 *,3J6

1 297 3,085 13 4

1 453 7,008 — —

I 643 9,684 13 4

I 196 3>T93 *5 —

I 476 7,786 13 4

I 456 7,193 10 to

1 292 4,434 15 —

r 753 11,138 11 8

i 642 10,055 15 —

: 655 9,274 — 10

332 6,135 — 10

386 5,763 J92

893 X 2,537 lS

416 6,950 4 2

1,033 1 7,988 8 4

1,033 1 8,079 13 4

27,894

443>952

10 10

C. Townshend.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 17C2.

1,096 Serjeants, each at 1,084 Corporals, each at 834 Drummers, each at

24>471

_ - - - - 5 H 7 6,279 3 4

— - - - 2 »5 5 3,003 11 8

- - - - 3 5 2,5I9 7 6

- - r - - - - a 5 7 48,904 1 7

60,706 4 r

War-Office, 23d November 1761.

Vol. 29.

C. Townshend.

firdered,

Support of the Queen's Dignity,

34 $3 Novembris, A. 1761.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to make Provision Doctor from the Commissioners for executing Navy for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain

She shall survive His Majesty, was read a Second Time, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Rtfohed, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill be com- Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Rood mitted. on the 30th September 1761.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

of the whole House. The said Estimate is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

a Geo. III.

2 3° Novembris.

35

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, bn the Heads herfafter 6th November 1761.3 mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1761.

Particulars.

J. d.

1,374,028 12 3

16,57° O 8

529»452 18 8

381,463 O 0

3z>7'9 18 5

596,631 *7 9

2,032,900 0 0

95.376 6 7

I7.378 19 1

VO O rh vO HU 0S H 16 4

51,605 6 6

33>l7s *4 10

57>7°7 9 8

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof -

To payoff and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out, on the aforesaid 30th September 1761; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, (dc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 30th September 1761 To discharge and payoff all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, idc. -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received frotn those Commis-

lioners, viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1761 For necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills ofExchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners,

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War and Contingencies relating to the said Office ——

The Total amounts to the Sum of Six million Four hundred eighty-two thousand Three hundred and Ninety Pounds Test Shillings and Eight Pence -

From whence deducing the Money in the '

Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies

as on the other? Side - - -I

The Debt will then be Four million Eighty-nirte thousand One hundred Eighty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings - -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports, between

the ill January 1761, and the 30th September following And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the ill January 1761, and the 30th September following, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.669,461. 6s. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for Taft Year,

The nett Debt of the Navy will then be, Three million Four hundred ? nineteen thousand Seven hundred Twenty-three Pounds > Sixteen Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings - - 3

TOTAL.

£ * d*.

2>334>i34 id

2,724,908 4. 4

m +

i.323>93o *

99»3l2 9 I*

6,48a,39a to 8

2,393,205 7 5$-

2>i53>36° 1 I0i----- — "

492,093

1 1

177,36s 5 9

4.0*9*183 3 2$

669,461 6 10

3,419,723 16 4$

Vol. *9,

Cekburne . 'Iho. Slade. IV. Bately. S. Majon. T. B> ett. R. OJbotn.

Memorandum;

g

eg'

H*

n'

CD

Q_

O

o

c8

rT

Memorandum: There was remaining, in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 30th September 1761, in Money, as undermentioned> and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

OS

In what Treasurer'a Hands.

Kight Honbu George Doding, Esq.

ill Treasurership.

Right Hon"*

Henry Legge, Esq.

Right Honbl* George Gren, Esq.

1 ft Treasurership.

Right HonM«

George Do ding ton, Esq, 2d Treasurership.

Right HonWc George Grenville, Esq. ad Treasurership.

IN MONET.

\In

f D°

Money - - - . - . - *.

towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

7 In Money i D'

towards the Debt for Sick and Wonnded Seamen -

Iln

f D«

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

On thb Heaii or

f 1

Wear and Tear, TOTAL.

Ordinary, and am bn’s Wages. Victuals.

Transports.

£. t. d. jC* S. d. £ > e. £

4,888 0 si 1,603 11 10^ 21 13 84 47 6 104 6,560 1 a 104

6,309 15 2,773 4 1 55 *5 5 1,621 12 4 10,760 7 7-1

4»°37 7 2,711 7 3,372 16 ii| 10,159 5 8

37 *4 3

3,395 1 4f 374 15 nf £ 10,793 19 3I

287 11 9

39,209 t 6| 106,369 14 o\ 36,242 14 24 201,571 0 14

..... 19,749 10 4

61,180 14 i37,oo5 4 9 4i,659 6 239,845 5 7 {

10

LeJ

Si

a-

There remained, on the 30th September 1761, to come in, of the Supplica of the Year 1760, including Hafler and Stonefioufe Hospitals - 49,345 12 11

And of the Supplies of the Year 176* 9 8$

£. 2,153,560 1 io

k

C%

Wavi tad Moot.

Importation of Silted frovifioos.

1 ,

lafolvent

I Debtors.

Mullen’s

Pond,

&c.

Roads.

2 Geo. III. 230 — 24 a

Ordered \That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, livered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was to be perused by the Members of the House. read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition* Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Peter Davis laid. That he knows the Road from Mul~ resolve itfoif into a Committee of the whole House, to te in the Parish of in the County consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply of Southampton, through Amejburyz.x\d Wiley, and through granted to his Majesty, be now read. Ckicklade Street, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the

And the said Order being read accordingly; City of near a Place called Willoughby

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. in the Parish of East and from West Atnesbury to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Turnpike Road at in the Parish of

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Com* Knooky and from through Bulford, to the fur-

mi t tee. ther End of and from the New Inn in Amcf-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. b to the End of the said Parish, leading to - Mr. Alddrman Dickinson reported from the Committee, ton> and from Wiley aforesaid, to a publick House called That they had come to several Resolutions, which they Cook's House, in the Parish of Codford; and from W had directed him to report, when the House will please aforesaid to the East End of the Parish of to receive the same. and from Beacon Hill, through Bulford, and through the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Waters, to the Sign of the Nag’s Head; and from Morning. thence, for One Mile of the Road, up to the Down to*

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, wards in the County of Wilts.

That he was directed by the Committee to move that That the said several Roads are in a ruinous Condition, they may have Leave to fit again. and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the night, rtlolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ordinary Course of Law.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the junior confirmed the foregoing Evidence/

Supply granted to His Majesty. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

repairing and widening the Roads from Mullet?s Pond, Ordered, That Mr. Robert Barnevelt do, upon Thurs- in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile day Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Stone from the City of Salisbury, near Willoughby Hedge-, House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made and from West Amefbury to Anftlow Hill, and from Ames-in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to hury to Fiddleton-, and from the New Inn in Amefbury to continue for a limited Time the Importation of Salted the End of the Parish leading to Durrington -, and from , Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland. Wily to Cook's House and Langford; and from Beacoti

Ordered, That Mr. -----~ Baking do attend the said to the Nag’s Head; and from thence. One Mile of

Committee at the same Time. the Road, leading to in the County of Wilts:

Ordered, That Mr. John Delafteld do attend the said And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Barrow, and Committee at the same Time. Mr. Prozvfe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, Arv Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners, charged in execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 2 of die Novembris Anno 2* Georgii III1* Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentemen and others of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and born erfet; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen and ethers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwaids de* Vol. 29.

A Petition of Philip Jacob Krauter, and John Paris,

Was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Paris’s

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Natura- Nat.

lization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jarrit Smith and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for Naturalizing Anna Maria Wife of Thornton’s

Odavius Thornton, Merchant, was read a Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Holt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Smith, Lord Parker, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. WilbYaham Bootle, Mr. Hayes, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Barrow, Lord Grey, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Penton, Mr. Vane,

Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Nugent, Nix. Campbell, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Knight, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Southwell, Sir EllisCunliffe, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bull, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.. Buller,

Dr. Hay, Mr. Morton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Lockhart, and Lord Csiysfort: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Sandon, chants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of &c-Stafford and Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and usually travelling the Roads therein-after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road, at Sandon, in the County of Stafford, through Leek, in the said County of and Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester, until it joins the present Turnpike Road between Buxton and , K,

38 ^4° Novemb1761.

Stockport, at Bullock Smithy, in the said County of differ; Mr. Eger ten, Mr. A Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jarrit

and also the Road leading out of the said Hoad at Hi/- Smith, Sir Charles AJ or Jaunt, Mr. Bacon, Lord Charles derjione, to Dr ay cat in the Moors, in the present Turn- Spencer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lane, Mr. Alderman pike Read, between Newcastle under Line and Uttoxeter, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr. Peine, Mr.

all in the said County of Stafford-, and also the Road Prcwfe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

leading out of the said first mentioned Road, at a Place Fuller, Mr. Mr. Hayes, Mr. Wynne, Mr. South-

called Wet ley Rocks, in the Parish of Chedleton, through we!!, Mr. Grant, Mr. Rnjhout, Mr. Upton, Mr

Cheadle, to Lean in the said Turnpike ltoad, between Sir Alexander Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Newcastle under Line and Uttoxeteraforefiid, all in the Montague, Lord Mandeville, Mr. Pent on. Lord Garlics, laid County of Stafford, are become very deep and Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cttfwel Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. PryJ'c, ruinous, and are in many Places very narrow; and can- Sir Windham Knatchbull Windham, and all the Members not be i'ufficiently widened, repaired, and kept in Re- who serve for the Counties of Stafford, C'hester, pair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore and Derby; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power repairing, widening, and altering the said Reads, and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, keeping the same in Repair for the future, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. Doctor Hay (from the Commissioners for executing the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Build-appear to them, to the House: ings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships,

And it is referred to Lord Grey, Mr. Burrard, Mr. for the Year 1762.

Lloyd, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Holt, Sir And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

William Owen, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, The laid Estimate is as followeth,

Estimate; Building of Ships.

Navy Office, 23d November 1761,

Au ESTIMATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1762; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the

Honourable HoulVof Commons, dated the 19th Instant.

Place where.

D

eg'

f — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Deptford

IVoclwich

Chatham

Portsmouth -Plymouth

River Thames

River Medway Harwich.

Guns.

74

90

74

So

100

90

74

100

64

SO

74

7Q

Ships Names.

Albion A Ion arch -Queen -Triumph Canada -Romney -Victory -London -Barfleur -Rami lies Britannia Asia - -

LVarwick Defence Boyne -

Nature of their Repair.

Building Building-Building Ordered -Building Building -Building Building -Building-Ordered -Building -Building -Building-Building -Building r Building-

Time when to be

r

Taken in Hand.

In hand -In hand -In hand -to be built In hand -In hand -In hand -In hand -In hand -to be built In hand -In hand -In hand -In hand -In hand -In hand -

Inthe MERCHANTS YARDS.

For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

ABSTRACT:

74 Russell - - - Building - - - - In hand -

— Building- - - - In hand -

— Invincible - - - Building- - In hand - -

64 Augujla - - - Building - - In hand -

— 5/. Albans - Building- - - - In hand - -

64 Exeter ----- Building- - - - In hand -

74 Terrible - - - Building - - - - In hand -

Completed.

Mar. next -Alar. 1763 Feb. 1 764 -Mar. 1 765 -Mar. 1703-Alar. 1764-Mar. next -Alar. 1764-Feb. 1764 -Alar. 1 765 -Mar. 1763-Ot57. next Alar. 1763 OB. 1764 -Mar. 1763 -Mar. 1764-

Aug. 1763 Ang. 1763 1764 1763 >763 1763

1763

May Aur. 051. Aug. Alay

Total - £.

204,000

1 7’979-

Total - £. 221,979

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred Twenty-one thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds.

G. Cockburne. Tho. Slade. Bately. R.

Charge of their TOTAL.

\ r HuiU, Mads, and Yards. > Rigging and St res.

" 7,5°o S’27° 12,770

~ 14,0^0 - 14,000

" 9,000 - 9,000

- 2,000 - " - 2,000

- 13,000 - - 13,000

- 5,000 - - 5,000

- S’ S'00 4^13 9^713

- 9,000 - 9,000

- O O <D 00 - - - 8,000

- 2, OCO - - - 2,000

- 13 OOOO - - - 0 0 0^ rr

- 14,000 8,496 22,496

- 8,000 - - - 8,coo

- 2,000 - - - 2,000

- 14,000 - - .14,000

2,000 2,coo

12,000 I 2, OCO

- I 2,000 - - 1 2,000

- 9,000 - - - 9.000

- 12,000 - - - I 2,000

- 9,000 - - - 9,000

- 9,000 - - - 9,000

— 13,000 t ~ ~ 1 1 13,000

r. 204,000 11’919j 221,979

T. Brett. IV. Bateman.

so

1 Geo. III. 34° Novembris.

40 % 240 Novembris, A. 1761.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabic, at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that the

to be perused by the Members of the House. Matter of the Petition of Robert Haldane, Esquire, and

t also of the Petit ion of the Inhabitants of the Borough of

Importation A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bridport, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are sub-

of Salted {hereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and extensive scribed, is heard, rovi on*. £)ea]ers jn Cattle, Butter; Cheese, salted Beef, Ba-

con. Pickled Pork, and all other Provisions, in Behalf of Ordered, That Sir John Gibbons have Leave to go to themselves, and all others concerned in the said Branches ‘or *‘ie Recovery of his Health.

of Trade and Merchandise throughout this Kingdom in general: And also, i

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and extensive Dealers in Live Cattle, Butter, Cheese, Salted Beef, Pickled Pork, and all other Provisions, in Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Branches of Trade and Merchandise throughout this Kingdom in general: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and extensive Dealers in Live Cattle, Butter, Cheese, Salted Beef, Bacon, Pickled Pork, and all other Provisions, in Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Branches of Trade and Merchandise throughout this Kingdom in general: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, and extensive Dealers in Butter, Cheese, Salted Beef, Bacon, Pickled Pork, and all other Provisions, in Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Branches of Trade and Merchandize throughout this Kingdom in general, Were severally presented to the House, and read; reciting, That, by several Acts, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland into this Kingdom, has been permitted; and, by the last of the said Acts, is to have Continuance until the 24th Day of December 1761; and alleging, that the Petitioners, in the Course of their respective Dealings and daily Correspondence, havedif-covered to a Certainty, that, from the Mildness of the last Winter, and the abundant Plenty of the last Summer, all Sorts of Provisions, both for Man and Cattle, are become exceeding cheap, especially in the Northern Counties of this Kingdom, and Principality of Wales, the Produce of which the said several Acts more essentially affect; and all the good Purposes for which the said Acts were passed, have been fully answered: Therefore praying, That the said Acts, permitting the Importation of Irish Provisions into this Kingdom, which will expire on the 24th of December next, maybe discontinued from that Time, and a total Stop put thereto; Or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

BriJport A Petition of William , Esquire, was presented to Election, the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir Gerard Napier, Thomas Coventry, Esquire, Robert Haldane, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset-, and alleging, that several Persons who were duly qualified offered to vote for the Petitioner, but were not admitted; and many Persons who had not any Right were allowed to poll for the other Candidates; and that many other unwarrantable Practices were made use of, which were very prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioner, who was duly cleded, and ought to have been returned a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore pray ng the House to lake the Prcniifes into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard 21

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account*, count of the gross and net Produce of the several Duties Duties on upon Low Wines and Spirits made in Great Britain, from v> m®’ the 5th of April 1760, to the 10th of October 1761; distinguishing the Amount of each Duty in each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duty of One Shilling per Gallon on Spirits imported, from the 5th of April 1760 to the 10th of October 1761; distinguishing the Amount in each Quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British Spirits exported, from the 5th of April 1760 to the 10th of 1761; toge-

ther with the Amount of the Drawback paid for the same, distinguishing each Quarter.

Ordered, That Mr. R- chard Dodd do, upon Thuff day Importation Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole *lf Sa*ted House, to whom it is referred to consider of an rovilon* Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Messieurs Smith and Copeland do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Tyringham Stevens, Esquire do attend

the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Ilallett, Esquire do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Crabb, Esquire do attend the said Commitee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Richard Pearce do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain ----- Pe do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Support Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for of the enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting Qi,ee."’* the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She Hull survive ‘8ni7* His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Barrington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mf. Aldefrnan Dickinson, according to Order, reported Ways

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Wcaa* was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the round, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1762, upon Lands, Tenement', Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and peffonal Elt.ites, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland,

Resolved,

2 Geo. III.

240 — 2 50 Novembris.

h.

3:

*;t'j

lU

.ft

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cider, and Ferry, which by an Act of Parliament of the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1762, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported; and all Cider and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1762, to the 24th Day of June 1763.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Alderman son, the Lord Barrington, the Lord North, Mr.

Mr. Elliot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel , do prepare and

bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Insolvent Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee Debtors, of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners, charged in Execution to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to indemnify Sheriffs and Gaolers, who have, by Order of Justices in their Quarter Sessions, discharged Inch Debtors as have been compelled by their Creditors to deliver up their Estates by virtue of the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will now resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Thon’ton’s Nat.

MtrQurii, 25* die;

Anno 20 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anna Maria Thornton, Wife of OSlavius Thornton, Merchant, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Vol. 29.

41

the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he dftwered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ,'

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Supply Bill) cording to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Ma- I-ndTax. jesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinfoti presented to the House, ac- Supply Bill cording to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sandon,

kc.

Roads*

Ordered, That the Lord Parker, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John G/ynne, Sir Roger Mostyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, redding near, and usually travelling the Roads therein-after mentioned, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order made Yesterday, That importat;OIl

Crabb, Esquire, do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the of salted Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred Provisiow. to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, be discharged.

Ordered, That Charles Raymond, Esquire do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Whalley do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Price do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Foffickdo attend the said Committee at the same Time.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Royal Hospital at Chelsea attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of the Prices given for Beef, Mutton, Butter, and Cheese, for the Supply of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, from the Year 1756 to 1761, both inclusive; distinguishing each Sort and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition, of several Merchants and others. Owners and Proprietors of Ships in the Service of the United Company of Merchants, trading to the Indies-, And allb,

A Petition of the Inhabitants residing in the Cities of London and Westminster,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is now depending for continuing, for a Time to be limited. An Act made in the 33d L Year

Account;

Prices of Meat.

Importation

of salted Provisions*

Ditto*

Ljoo^te

Stirling,

ice.

Election,

Support of the Queen's Dignity.

42 , 2 50 Novembris. A. 1761.

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time,

Abe Imporution of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland; and representing to the House, that the Utility of such a Bill hath been fully proved by the good Effects it hath already produced; and that the further Continuance of the same will be an Advantage to the Petitioners, and of great public Utility: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of an Act made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for & limited Time, the Importation of lalted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Irelandt

A Petition of Alexander Esquire, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, feme Time before the last General Election, Vice Admiral Francis Holborne, and the Petitioner, severally declared themselves Candidates to represent the Five Boroughs of Stirling, Dum/erline, Culrofs, and keithing, as Members in the present Parliament; and that Admiral Holborne, after he had so declared himself a Candidate, endeavoured, by Violence, and other undue and illegal Influence, to overawe, interrupt, and subvert the Freedom of Election, and thereby procured himself to be returned: And that, at the last General Election for this District of Boroughs, when the said Admiral and the Petitioner were Candidates, the Delegates, or Commissioners, for the said Five Boroughs, who were, David Gourlay, George Cockburn, Esquire, John Erjline, Esquire, Mr. James Montgomery, and Mr. James Hardie, voted as follows; viz. George , Esquire,

and John Erskine, Esquire, Delegates for Dum/erline and Culrofs, voted for the Petitioner; David Gourlay and Mr. James Montgomery voted for Admiral Holborne-, and Mr. James Hardie, the Delegate for Inverkeithing, having tendered his Commission to the Town Clerk ot Stirling, who was the Returning Officer, gave his Vote for the Petitioner; but the Town Clerk refused to receive such Vote; and the Delegate for Stirling, the presiding Borough, having thereupon taken upon him to give his calling Vote for Admiral Holborne, in the same Manner as if there had been an Equality of Votes, the said Admiral Holborne hath procured himself to be returned as a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said District, though not duly elected, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes: And therefore praying the House will take the Petitioner’s Cale under Consideration, and order the Return for the said District of Boroughs to be altered, by inserting therein the Name of the Petitioner, instead of the Name of Vice Admiral Francis Holborne, or that the House will give to the Petitioner such Relief as so extraordinary a same shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Titefday the 27th Day of April next.

The lord Barrington, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill, with the

Amendments, be ingrossed.

14.

A Petition of Hulthifon Mure, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Honourable Archibald Montgomerie, Esquire, and the Petitioner, having declared themselves Candidates for representing in Parliament the District of Boroughs in North Britain; which coniifts of the Burghs of Whithorn, New

Galloway, and Stranraer: Alexander Earl of Galloway, a Peer of Great Britain, did, in Person, and by his Agents, influence the Voters, and attack the Freedom of Election of the Delegates for the Burghs of Wigtown and Whithorn, on behalf of the said Archibald Montgomerie, Esquire: And that the said Alexander, Earl of Galloway and John Lord Garlics, his eldest Son, in open Defiance of the Law's and Freedom of Election, took upon them to attend and vote at the Election of Delegates for the said Two Boroughs of Wigtown and Whithorn, whereby they procured Two Persons in the Interest of the said Archibald Montgomerie, to be elected Delegates for these Boroughs. And that, at the General Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for this District, the Delegates for Wigtown and Whithorn, the Eieftions of whom were brought about by the undue Influence of the said Alexander Earl of Galloway, and by the V otes of him the said /

Earl, and of his eldest Son John Lord Garlics, voted for Archibald Montgomerie, Esquire; and the Delegates of the other Two Boroughs, Ne Galloway and Stranraer, voted for the Petitioner. The Voices being thus equal, the Delegate of Wigtown, the presiding Borough, took upon him to give a calling Vote to

Esquire, who has accordingly been returned Member to serve in Parliament for this District, notwithstanding that the Merits were for the Petitioner, who had the only Two legal Votes in the Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Redress therein, as to the House Lhall seem just.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garritbns, and other His Majesty’s land Forces, including those in Germany and on an Expedition, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Guadeloupe, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, on the lEstablishment, serving in North America, from the 25th December 1761, to the 24th December 1762, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, consisting of 9370 Men, from 23th December 1761, to 24th December 1762, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1762 — Land Service be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr-

Wigtown,

&c.

Election*

Supply#

2 Geo. Ilf. 250 — 26°

j Mr. Alderman Dickenson reported from the Com-

’ j mittee, That they had come to several Resolutions;

t . which they had directed him to report, when the House

will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinfo also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Infolrent Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee of Ptbion the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners, charged in Execution to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

0) dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Cwminte Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-?ni«. twns be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Novembris;

Anno a* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Inrater’s "\/T^* JarritSmith presented to the House, accordant 1VX ingto Order, a Bill for naturalizing Philip Jacob jf!’ Kr outer and John Paris: And the same was received;

and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

fiwon’s An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Anna Maria Thorn-Iwfc ton. Wife of Oflavins Thornton, Merchant, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anna Maria,

Wife of Oflavius Thornton, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M(of Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom Watson of Most noble Francis Duke of

a water, was referred, that the Committee had examined 1 cn^ford the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to llid4e- report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pfled in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Most noble Francis Duke cl Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Wcrfiey Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worsley,

and to or near a Place called Hol/in Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also. An Act passed in the VOL. 8^.

Novembris. 43

33d Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled,

An Act to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from or near Worsley Mill, over the River to the Town of

Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of,

in the said County; were read: And,

Mr. James Brindley, and Mr. Francis ,said

That the said Navigation is ‘completed to Longford Bridge, and to within a little way of Manchester: And,

Mr. James Brindley further said, That he had taken a Survey, and finds that the said Navigation may be further extended for about 20 Miles, by a Cut or Canal, from the present Termination thereof, at or near Longford Bridge, over the River Mersey, and through the Township of Dunham, in the County of Chester, to or near a Place called the Hemp Stones, in or near the Township of Halton, below the Town of VParrington, in the said County of Chester, and there to fall into the River Mersey, by which Means the Conveyance of Coals, Stone, Timber, and other Goods, to and from the Towns of Manchester and Liverpool, and the Country lying contiguous to the said Navigation, will be much facilitated, and carried for half the Expence they can be at present. That the Land Owners, Tenants, and others, in that Country, with whom he had con- - . versed, said, that the intended Extension of the said Navigation would be very serviceable to them, and a great Convenience to the Country in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to 1 he River Mersey, at a Place called the Hemp Stones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Che/ler: And that Mr. Rigby, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the k*nci Taa. Year 1762, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill. /

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Supply Bill; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for Malt Dutiei. the Service of the Year 1762, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill, for enabling His Majesty to make Support Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the of the Queen, in case (he shall survive His Majesty, was read Qi,ee.n'* the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty.

Ordered, That the 'Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Patrick Honyman, of Greemfay, Esquire, Orkney was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Zetland That at the Annual Meeting, appointed by Law, for the Efcaion. Inrolment of Freeholders, entitled to elect or be elected Members of Parliament for ,the Shire of Orkney and

Zetland;

44

Zetland \ the Petitioner, together with John Mack ay, Thomas Barkie, Samuel Hitche/jon, and David Esquires, were all duly inroiled as Freeholders of the said Shire or County; and that at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County, on the 30th Day- of April last, John Sheriff Clerk,

who by Law is obliged to call over the Roll made up at the last Michaelmas Meeting, in case of the Absence of the former Commissioner, did most unwarrantably refuse, though legally required, to call over the said Roll of Freeholders, or to allow the Petitioner and the Four other Freeholders, before named, to vote for the Choice of a Praefes and Clerk: And that in the same Manner Colonel James Haliburton of Pit cun, who was unduly chosen Praefes of this Meeting, did refuse, though required, to allow the Petitioner, and the Four other Freeholders before named, to give any Vote in the Election erf a Member of Parliament for the said County; and that the Petitioner at the said Meeting did, in Terms of the Act of the 7th of King George the Second, require the said Colonel James Robert

Andrew Young, George Trail, Mungo Grahame and Andrew Ross, all pretended Freeholders, of the said County, to take the Oath of Trull prescribed by the said Act, but that was refused, whereby all of the Six before-named Persons were, in Terms of the said Act, absolutely disqualified from voting at the said Election, and ought to have been struck off the Roll of Freeholders: And that the Petitioner, and other Freeholders adhering to him, did enter regular Protests against every Step of these illegal Proceedings j and after declaring their Votes for the Choice of a Praefes and Clerk, they did vote for the Petitioner to be the Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said County: and required John -dock, the Sheriff Clerk, and Clerk of the said Meeting, to certify the Petitioner to die Sheriff of the said County, that he might be returned as the Member duly elected: All which will appear from the Instruments of Protest taken on this Occasion j and that notwithstanding the re-

A, 1761,

of, the Clerk of the said Meeting did certify Sir James Douglas, of Saint Gila, to be the Member duly elected to

serve in Parliament for the said County, and Sir Andrew Mitchell, the Sheriff Depute of the said County has returned him accordingly: The Petitioner therefore prays it may be found and declared, That the Proceedings in the Election and Return of the said Sir James Douglas, as Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Orkney and Zetland^were illegal and unwarrantable, whereby

the said Election itself was absolutely void; and that the Petitioner, as having the Majority of unquestionable Votes at the said Election, ought to have been certified and returned, as the Member duly elected for the said Counties; and that such other Relief may be given to the Petitioner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Dr. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift of October 1760, and the 31st December following; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within that Time: And also,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the 1 ft January and 30th September 1761; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within that Time: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Beef, Pork, Butter, and Cheese, provided and delivered at the several Ports in England, for the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, and the Prices paid for the same, from the ill January 17591 distinguishing each Sort and Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Two first of the said Accounts arc as followctb, viz.

26 Novembris.

Navy-Office, the 24th November 1761.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ill October and 31st December 1760 i including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time j prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th November 1761.

Nature of the Charges: '

Freight of the Transports -

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences on board them, and of furnishing them with Hammacoes and other Stores, together with the Expence of surveying and measuring them - ....

Hay, Oats, and other Necessaries - -

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers ——

Boat-hire, and other contingent Expences} on embarking and debarking the Troops Pilotage of the Transports - ----- .

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents - -

Total Naval Part -Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time -

Total Naval and Victualling -

Sum.

I. s. d.

99>*'S 6 O

6,314 5 0

1,107 *5 0

2,216 7 9

100 0 0

187 10 6

289 16 0

109,431 O r*

56,132 l6 7

16.5*563 l6 10

The Whole amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Sixty-five thousand Five hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

G. Cokburnt. Tho. Slade. W, Battly. E. Mason. Brett. Temple.

Navy

0 -

5

Account;

Transport

Service.

Account 5 Salted Provisions.

2 Geo. III.

26° Novem

Navy-Office, the 24th November 1761.

A if ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift January and 30th September 1761; including the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time; prepared pursu&nt to ad Order from the Honourable House of . Commons, dated the 19th November 1761.

Nature «f the Charges.

S U M.

Freight of Transports ——

Expence of Building Cabins , Stalls, and .-other Conveniencies on board them, and of furnishing them with Hammacoes and other Stores, together with the Expence of fur-veying and measuring them -

Hay, Oats, and other Necessaries - -

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers - - - -

Boat-hire, and other contingent Expencei, on embarking and debarking \ke Troops Pilotage of the Transports - - * - -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents -

Total Naval Part -

Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time - '

Total Naval and Victualling

I- '

454,240 5.

2T.35 5 16 i

3.559 g 0

10,749 13 i»

758 12 8

AXLQ O O

J»«l o

492,093 I I

177.36g 5 9

669,461 6 10

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Six hundred and Sixty-hine Thousand Four hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pences

Q.Qokburnt. Tha, Slade. tV. Bat tty., E. Mason. T. Brett. R.'Temple.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the of legal and uncorrupt Votes, and ought to hatre been Table, to be perused by the Members of the Housei returned; and, in open Violation of the many salutary Ordered, That the said Account of the Quantities of Laws made to prevent the pernicious Practices of Bribery Beef, Pork, Butter, and Cheese, provided and delivered and Corruption; and that the Petitioner apprehends that kt the several Ports in England for the Use of His Ma- the said Mr. was not, at the Time of the Election, jesty’s Navy, and the Prices paid, for the lame, from the nor isnow, possessed of an Estate sufficient to qualify lit January 1759 distinguishing each Sort and Year, be him to fit and vote in this Honourable House, as a Bur-referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom gefe for the hud Borough: And therefore praying the it is referred to consider of an Act made in the last House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to -Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, . grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall for a limited Time, thp Importation of felted Beef, Pork, seem meet.

xnd Butter, from Ireland. A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other that the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar Papers of this Session. of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ammt: Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ° Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec* BuUer 'ou*‘ *n P^fasmce of the Act passed in the last Session tions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Ma- , report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the jesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off House.

and discharging the Debt of the Navy; and towards . Ordered, That it be An Instruction to the said Com-Naval Services for the Year 1761; and for allowing fur- mittee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Peti-

,ther Tilde for making Affidavits of the execution of tton upon Friday the ilthDay of next.

.Articles or Contracts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors,

and filing thereof. -: The House being informed that Mr. Wejkett, from the

< Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to

Grat A Petition of Daniel Moore, Esquire, was presented to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at

the House, and read; Setting forth, that, at the.late - the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to the Di-

gje&ioa of Ruxgeffes to serve in this present Parliament rections of an Act of Parliament,

for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of A.Paper intituled, " Anno 1760: The Account of

Bucks, William Clayton, William Matthew, Burt, Esquires, " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and alleging, that, "to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence before and at the said Election, the said Mr. Burt and " under its proper Title.’* his Agents were guilty of divers corrupt and illegal Prac- And then he withdrew':

tices, and notorious.Bribery, in favour, of the said Mr. And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Burt, whereby many Voters.were influenced to give their Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

Votes for the said Mr. Burl, who would otherwise have to be perused by the Members of the House.

Voted for the Petitioner; and that the Returning Officers . The feid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers one of whom acted openly as an Agent for Mr. Burt) of this Session.

were guilty of gross Partiality towards Mr. Burt, in re-

fusing to administer the Oath against Bribery, (though An ingrossed Bill, to repeal so much of an Act passed

the feme was infilled upon by the Petitioner and several in the fit ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Voters present) as well as in several other Particulars; King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief and that, by these and divers other Practices of the like of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Kind, the said Mr. Burt hath procured himself to Be Prisoners, charged, in Execution, to deliver up their

itturned ta serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Estates, and to such Prllbners being thereupon dif-njanifeft Wrong to the Petitioner,. who had a Majority charged, was read the Third Tims.

' Voc. 29. M

African

Company

Insolvent

Debtors*

LjO ogte

46 $6° Novembris. A. 1761.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, or his Agents, near Eighty Persons to be Con-

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the First (tables, all of whom were Freemen, who, although they Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George gave all A(fi(lance and Protection to those whom they the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent knew would vote for Mr. yet greatly interrupted

Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners, and insulted Numbers of the Freemen who came to offer charged in Execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to their Votes for the Petitioner; by means whereof, and such Prisoners being thereupon discharged; and also to by the partial Behaviours of the said Mayor, who reindemnify Sheriffs and Gaolers for discharging Prisoners, peatedly refused to allow the Petitioner any Constables, in obedience to the Orders of Justices made at any though it had always been customary for Time imme-Court of Session. morial, several of the Freemen of the said City, who would

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley docarry the Bill otherwise havevoted for the Petitioner, were deterred and to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. prevented from giving their Poll at the said Election

and that the Constables, who were made the first Day of Account*; Ordered, That there be laid before this House,'An the said Election, had a Guinea each paid them for the Spirits. Account of the Quantity of Corn and Melasses Spirits, said Service, by the Agents of the said Mr. Waljh, and distilled in Great Britain, from 24th Jane 1759, to id on the Evening of that Day, polled for Mr. W^Jl:;

of October; 1761; distinguishing each Year. and then a like Number of others were appointed by the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An said Mayor in their Stead, who attended the next Day, Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into and, m like Manner, received their Guinea each, and Great Britain, from 25th December 1758, to 29th Sep- polled for Mr.; and the same Method, of ap-teinber 1761; distinguishing each Year, and the several pointing new Constables, and paying and polling the m. Sorts. was continued during the whole Time of the said Election; so that a great Number of Persons were, by these 'Wrtrcerter A Petition of Robert Tracy, Esquire, was presented indirect Practices, and by Means of tins undue In-Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, that Henry Crabb fluence, induced to poll for the said Mr and

Boulton, Esquire, John Waljh, Inquire, and the Petitioner, that Thomas , the Sheriff and Returning Officer,

were, at the last Election, nominated Candidates to serve and also one of the Common Council of the said City, as Citizens in this present Parliament for the City of and who was in the Interest of the said Mr. did,

Worcester-, and alleging, that the Mayor, Aldermen, during the said ElectioD, in many and repeated instances, and Common Council of the said City, who constitute shew the greatest Partiality in favour of the said Mr. the Corporation thereof, have the foie Right of admitting Waljh, against the Petitioner; and that the said Sheriff Freemen of the said City; and that the Right of Elec- did, during the (hid Election, refuse the Votes of several tion of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, Persons duly qualified to vote, and who would have is in the Citizens of the said City not receiving Aims, voted for the Petitioner; and the said Sheriff’also admir- and admitted to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude, or ted several Persons who were not Freemen, others who by Redemption in order to trade within the said City; were admitted to their Freedoms after the Telle of the and that several Members of the said Corporation, and Writ, some made free after the Election began, as also particularly Walter Haynes, who was Mayor at the time several Alms-men, Infonts, and other Persons who had of the last Election for the said City, have declared, that no Right of voting, to poll for the said Mr.; and the Corporation would make Freemen by Redemption, that, by Threats and other corrupt and illegal Prac-who should supply the Place of honorary Freemen, and tices, several of the Freemen of the said City were pre-which would answer their Purpose better; and that the vented from voting for the Petitioner, and fveral others said Corporation have admitted many Persons, who did were prevailed on to vote for the said Mr. Waljh-, and not design to trade in the said City, Freemen by Redemp- that, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a clear Matron, with no other Intention than that of out-voting the jofity of legal Votes on the said Poll, above the legal legal Freemen of the said City, in the Choice of Mem- Voters who had polled for the said Mr. W and ought bers to serve in Parliament; and that the last Election of by the said Sheriff to have been returned duly elected Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, came for the said City, yet the said Sheriffhath fallely andun-on at the Guildhall of the said City, on Monday the 30th duly returned the said Mr. Waljh, as a Citizen duly Day of March last, when a Poll being demanded on Be- elected to serve in this present Parliament for the fil'd half of the Petitioner, it was immediately proceeded City, notwithstanding the said Mr. was not duly Upon, and continued that and the Four following Days; elected, nor is qualified to be elected and fit in Parlia-and that the said Mr. Haynes the Mayor, and several ment, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, of the Aldermen and Common Council of the said City, and in Violation of the Rights of the Freemen and Ci-who were in the Interest of the said Mr. Waljh, did, in tizens of the said City: And therefore praying the House order illegally to gain a Majority of Votes on the Poll, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein admit several Persons to the Freedom of the said City, as shall be just.

who were not legally entitled thereto; and did also ad- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are mit several others to the said Freedom, after the Teste thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Worcester, E,< of the Writ for holding the said Election, and even on behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of during the Time of the said Poll; and refused to admit the said City, was also presented to the House, and read; several Persons duly entitled to their Freedom, who they alleging, that the said Corporation have, in some In-imagined would vote for the Petitioner; and that it (lances, taken Bonds or Notes from such Persons as were having been usual, on former Occasions, for the Candi- made free, for their Redemption Fee, though it was at dates to fend the Mayor a List of such Persons as they the same time understood, that the Money was never desired to be made Constables, and who were accordingly intended to be called for, or paid; or, in case the same made Constables by such Mayor, the Petitioner, the Day has been paid, have returned the Whole, or (ome Part before the said Election came on, sent the said Mayor a thereof, back, or made some Allowance in respect Lift of such Persons as the Petitioner desired might be thereof; and have admitted other Persons forfmall Sums, appointed Constables on his Behalf, but the said Mayor inadequate to the said Purch^fe, or for no Consideration. absolutely refused to appoint any of the said Persons at all, contrary to the Practice, of former Times; and Constables, telling the Persons who offered him the Lift, that the Mayor and Common Council of the said City that he would not suffer either of the said Candidates to have likewise in other InstanceS greatly abused their name Constables, for that he would appoint his own Of- Trust, by admitting great Numbers of Persons to the ficers himself; and that, notwithstanding this, the said Freedom of the said City, not entitled thereto either by Mayor, each Day of the Election, appointed, at the Birth or Servitude, others who were Infants, or not the Nomination, or with the Approbation, of the said Mr. elded Sons of Freemen, and have refused to admit ..... others.

Geo. Ill* $6° Novembris.

others, though legally entitled to their Freedom, Who , That it is the Opinion o( this Cdmrhittee,

they imagined would not vote as they should direct; that a Sum, not exceeding One million Six hundred and and that, according to the Laws and Constitutions of the Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Twenty laid City, all Persons admitted to the Freedom of the Pounds Kighteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted laid City, ought to be admitted and sworn in open to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Sixty-Court, at the Guildhall, before the Mayor and Alder- seven thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six effective men of the said City, that the Citizens might have an Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Ma-‘ Opportunity of controverting their Right; and that the jesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, and -

former, as well as present Mayor and Common Council, f for the Year 1762. in order to afoid Inconveniences of this Sort, have, on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the contrary, admitted Persons to their Freedom in a that a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Seventy-three private and clandestine Manner, sometimes at Taverns, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Pounds Eighteen and at other times at Alehouses and Billiard Rooms, in Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, Defiance of the laws and Constitutions of the said City; for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in and that the said Waller Haynes refuled the said Mr. the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, and the Tracy to appoint Constables, to protect the Freemen who Bafi Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova were the said Mr. Tracy's Friends, ingoing to give their Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, , Quebec,

Poll at the said Ele<flion, though he at the same Time Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the Year 1762. appointed Sixtyor Eighty Persons Constables each Day of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Poll, who were nominated or approved of by the said That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Two Mr. Walsh, by Means whereof many of the Freemen who hundred Eighty-four Pc.mds and Six Pence, be granted voted for Mr. Tracy were greatly insulted and abused, to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of FourRegi-and others of his Friends were deterred, and some pre- ments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, ierving in vented from giving their Poll at the said Election; and North America, for the Year 1762. that Thomas Wakeman, who was the Sheriff and Return- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing Officer at the last Election, and likewil'e one of the That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Forty-Common Council of the said City, greatly misbehaved three thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-fous Pounds himself in his feid Office, by canvassing with And for Mr. Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to Walsh, and shewing, during the whole Time of the Elec- His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, tion, themost barefaced Partiality, by permitting pri- for Land Service, for the Year 1762. vate Avenues for the Conveyance of Voters, in fevour Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the said Mr. Walsh, although the same was frequently That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-three complained of to him, and by permitting several Per- thousand Seven hundred Eleven Pounds Twelve Shil-fons who were not Freemen, others who were Infants or Ifogs and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for de-had received Alms, and others who had no Right at all, fraying the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s to poll for the said Mr. Walsh; and at the same Time re- Forces, confilling of Nine thousand Three hundred and fusing the Votes of several Freemen of the said City, Seventy Men, from the 15th Day of December 1761, to who would have voted for Mr. Tracy, upon the most the 24th Day of December 1762, both inclusive. frivolous Pretences; and that by Threats, Bribery, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, other corrupt and illegal Practices, several of the Free- That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-two thousand Eight men of the said City were prevented from voting for the hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and said Mr. Tracy, and several others were prevailed on to Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of vote for the said Mr. Walsh: and that the said Sheriff the General, and General Staff Officers, and Officers of hath since unduly returned the said Mr. Walsh, as a Ci- the Hospitals for His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the tizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City; Year 1762.

and that several of the Petitioners being thus deprived by Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, their Returning Officer of their Franchise of voting at the That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety-laid Election, and they and the rest of the Petitioners being nine thousand One hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Four thereby, and by means of the Behaviour of the Mayor Shillings and Four-pence, be granted to His Majesty, and Common Council of the said City, prevented from for defraying the extraordinary Expence of Services per-being represented in Parliament by Members of their formed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and own choosing, think themselves obliged to apply to this not provided for by Parliament in 1761.

House for such Redress as may be agreeable to their The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Cafe: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre- Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-mises into Consideration, and to do therein as to the upon, agreed to by the House.

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foi* Army; Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec- punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay-(ions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and ment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Deration, report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Secretary at War and Mr. Gore do prepare, and bring House. in, the fame.

(apply, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Accounfj from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it of the Progress made, and Money already expended, in Alford was referred to consider further of die Supply granted the Fortification of Milford Haven, and the Estimates to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee for completing the feme, had directed him to report to the House; which he read

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 1 The other Order of the Day being read, for the Impoitatio* Table: Where the feme were read; and areas followeth; House to resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole f nix. ' House, to consider of an Act made in the last Session of "ov‘ 0

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited that a Number of Land Forces, including those in GVr- Time, the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and But-many and on an Expedition, and Four thousand and ter, from;

Eight Invalids, amounting to Sixty-leven thousand Six Ordered, That the Account of the Prices that have J

hundred and seventy-fixeffedive Men, Commission and been paid for Beef, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy; Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the from 1730 to 1757; distinguishing

Service of the Year 1762. each Year (which was presented to the House upon the

Vo l.29. 26th

4-8

±6° — N

£. 1761i

*6th Day of April *758) be referred to the said Coin*

mittee. - ,

Ordered, That the Account of the Prices that have been paid for Beef, of the Produce of this Kingdom, for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, since the ill January ;8 (which waspresented to the House upon the 9U1 Day of February 17 59) be referred to the said Committee. , Then the House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That, the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to;be peruled by the Members of tire House.

The laid Paper is preftrved amongst tire other Papers of this Session. '

A Petition of the Lord Mayor* Aldermen; and Com- tnons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and of the general Court of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That Six Thomas Gresham, Knight, having, at his own Charge, built the Royal Exchange in the City of London, upon Ground Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they purchased by Subscription,; did, by his Will, dated the had examined several Witnesses, and had made some jth Day of July 1575, direct, that the said Exchange Progress in the Matter to them referred: And had di- should, alter the Determination of certain Uses and reded him to move, that they may have leave to fit Estates, long since expired, remain unto the Mayor and again. - Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of the Mer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cers of the said City, upon Trull, to pay certain yearly

G re (hath College.

House, to consider further of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Sums, amounting to £. 603 6s. 8 and among!! others the yearly Sum of £. 350 ior the Maintenance jof Seven Lecturers in Divinity, Astronomy, Music, Geometry^ Law, Phytic, and Rhetoric, within his then Dwelling Ordered, That Tyringham Stevens do attend the said House in the said City, now calied Gresham College, and Committee of the whole -House, upon Tuesday Morn- the yearly Sum of £. 53 6s. 8 to Eight Alms Folk* x ing next. And that the said Testator willed, that Eight Alms

Ordered, That Mr. John Whaley do attend the said Houses, at the Back of his laid Dwelling House, should Committee at the said Time. . remain to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas FaJJSek do attend the said upon Trull, to permit the said Eight Alms Folks to enjoy

Committee kt the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr* TkomasPrice do attend the find Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Smith do attend't-he laid Committee at the same Time.

the fame; and that his laid Manlion House, with the Gar* dens, Stables, and Appurtenances thereof, should, after the Determination of the Uses, Estates, and Interests aforesaid, remain to the said Mayer and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and tp tire said Warden*

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Dodd do attend the Committee at the same Time.

said

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mullen's Potid, &c. Roads,

Ordered, That Mr,. James Copeland do attend the said and Commonalty of the said Mystery, upon Trull,- to -... - * r r,.- permit the said Seven Ledurers to have the Occupation

thereof, to inhabit, study, and daily read the said Lectures: And that the faijd Two Corporations, foinetimo in or about the Year *596, entered upon the Trust Estate aforesaid; and that the Royal Exchange (the foie Fund for the said Yearly Payments! being totally destroyed by the dreadful Fire in 1666, was loon afterwards rebuilt by the said Two Corporations, at a joint Expence of no leis than £.58,961, beside$£. 7,017 iij. laid out in the Purchase of Grounds for enlarging the lame; and that by tire Removal of the several Shopkeepers, whQ used formerly to carry on their Trade* in the Rooms over the said Exchange, the net Rent* and Revenues thereof are so reduced, as to- yield little more than sufficient to answer the said yearly Payment* with Taxes and Repairs, and consequently afford no Probability of the said Corporations, being ever reimbursed their said principal Monies and Interests, mud It

Veneris, 27 die Novembris \

Anno a* Georgii II1tii Regis,' 1761.

Praters.

MR. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill- for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salis-

bury, near Willoughby Hedge-, And from West Amejburyto

Anjlloiv Hill-, and from Amesbury to Fiddleton; and from less of their being able to rebuild the said College and the New Inn in Amesbury rtothe End of the Parish lead- Alms Houses, now growing very ancient and decayed, ing to Durrington; and from Wily to CooFs House and or effectually to repair the said Exchange, unless the said Land ford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag’s Head; and Trust^ Estate be considerably improved bey ond its pre from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton lent V alue; And that the said College and Alms Houses, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and Handing in a very advantageous Situation, the Ground

Account* from the Mercen Company.

lead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City, of London, attended at the Door;.he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Paper, intituled, " The Ac

Rent thereof, especially with the Addition of some Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, might be let to very great Advantage upon Building Leases, and laid out in a Manner more useful, as well as ornamental,’, to the Public; and the said Corporations, at the same Time, be better enabled to answer the Spirit and Intention off the said Testator’s Will, by securing the Continuance of counts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myf- the Payments thereby directed; And that the said Cor* " tery of Mesxers of the City of London, from the 10th porations, in case they shall be authorized to make such " <jf QEiober 1760 to the 10th of October 1761, di- Improvements, are willing and desirous to ered' or pro " reded to be laid before each House of Parliament, by vide a proper and convenient Place for the public Ex- an Act passed in the nil Year of the Reign of His late hibition of the said Led u res, agreeable to the said Tef Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act tator’s Intention, and also to make such additional AH " for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and lowances to the Readers of the said Lectures for the Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City Time being, as fit all be thought an adequate Cdmpen*-of London.",fation for the Apartments now enjoyed by thdin; a And then he withdrew/ , also to ered. or provide a decent and airy Habitntioa ft*

And. the Titje of the laid Paper was read., the said Alms Folk|^ for the ’lime being, equally com*

1.. 18 ' foctable

2 Geo. III. 270

fortable and convenient with their present Habitations: But forasmuch as the Cud Corporations cannot, without the Authority of Parliament, pull down the said College and Alms Houses, and instead thereof build Houses for Merchants or others, or let the Ground thereof upon Building Leases, or’ sell and dispose of such Parts thereof as cannot conveniently be converted to that end, or purchase such other Grounds contiguous thereto, as may be necessary for making the same more regular and commodious: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery aforesaid, to perform the Trulls appointed by the Will of the said Sir Thomas

Gresham; or that the said Corporations may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Glynn, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson. Sir William Baker, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. ForreJIer, Mr. Cujl, Lord Middleton, Mr. Chauncey Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Colebmke, Me Amy and, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Henniker, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Abraham Hume, Lord

John Cavendish, Mr. Honywo Mr. Ducket, Mr. Mel-

lish. Dr. Hay, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Prescott, Sir John Philipp, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willey, Mr.

Robinson, Sir George Savile, Mr. John Mr. Glover,

Mr. Montagu, M r. Gore, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Laf-eelles, Mr. Blackston, Mr. Linwood, Mr. FiJIter, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Secretary at War, Dr. Mr. Mawbey, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Harris, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the City of London, and Counties of MidJleJex, F Kent, and Surrey: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lbeoh A Petition of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, was presented to

Eka‘00‘ the Hnuie, and read; getting forth, That at the late Election of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln, the Honourable George Monson, Esquire, the Petitioner, and Coningsby Sibthorpe, Esquire, were Candidates; and alleging, that the said Coningsby Sibthorpe and his Agents, were guilty of most notorious Acts of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, m open Violation of the many salutary Laws made to prevent such pernicious and detestable Acts, and in Defiance of the levere and repeated Censures of this House, for Crimes of a similar Nature; and that by these, and many other unwarrantable and unconftitutiorial Practices, the Petitioner, and the uncorrupted Electors of the said City, have been highly injured; and the said Coningsby Sibthorpe is returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in manifell Wrong and Injury to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned in his Head: And therefore praying the House, that the Petitioner may be heard by himself or Counsel, in order to make good the Allegations of his Petition; and that he may receive such Relief in the Premises as the House shall judge adequate to the Nature of his Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the £une, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Vol. 29.

Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to ®Toke3l"ii Order, a Bill for tendering more effectual several Acts; palfed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enjlow Br, and the Road lead-

ing from Wheat/y Bridge, through the City Oxon, by Begbrooke, to Hew Woodcock, in the County of Oxon, except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse, to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid, and for widens ing several Parts of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marin* the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while Force*, on Shore: And that Mr. Clevland, Dr. Hay, and Mr.

Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, a th borne Merchants, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby, &c.

Chester, and Stafford, residing near, and usually travelling the High Roads therein artermentioned, lying in the Counties aforesaid, whose Names are there-under written, was presented to the House, and read; letting fort!;. That the High Road, leading from the Market Town of -borne, in the County of Derby, through the Market Towns of Leek in the County of Stafford, and in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of dlewick, in the said County of Chejt; and also a Branch-out of the said Road, leading from Hanging,

near Ashborne, aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road from toxeter to NezvcaJHe-under-Litie, at a Place called Spath,

in the County of Stafford-, and also another Branch out of the said Road, leading through the Market Town of Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at Mar/h, in the County of Stafford-, and also another Branch out of the said Road, leading through the Market Town of Mac-clesfeld to the Turnpike Road at Bullocks Smithy, in the County of Chester-, and also another Branch out of the said Road, leading by Blore in the County of Stafford, over Goldwall Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in the County of Derby; are, by reason of the Narrownels thereof, and Waters and Rivers therein in some Places, and from the Nature of the Soil;

ind the Recks and Stones therein, become so deep, watery, rough, and foundcrous, and at all Times of the Year, particularly in the Winter Season, lb very bad and incommodious, that Carriages cannot pass without the greatest Danger; but the same cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening, or altering lo much of the several Roads, before mentioned, as are therein before described, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Kynafon,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Lord Grey, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gray, Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ward, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bayntvn, Lord Strange, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gore, Mr;

Prowje, Lord Parker, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Montagu, Mr/

Gajcoyne, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. For-refer. Sir John Turner, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Hewett, Lord North, Mr. Bull, Colonel Bufgoyne, Mr.

Blatkston, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Sibthorpe, Dr. Hay, Mr.-

Harris, Lord Midd/ejex, Mr. Sharpe, Lord Villiers, Mr.

Hony wood, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Glover, Mr. Vernon, Mr.-Wa/ler, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Wynne; and all the Members

N wh«> ,

5°

27° — 28* Novembris.

A. 1761.

who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford,

'Northampton, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Land Tut A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common °j[ Council, Landholders, and Principal Inhabitants of the Hoiuiul* rf°wn an^ Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are burthened with a very heavy Land Tax,' to which the Officers, Clerks, and Substitutes of His Majesty’s Hospitals for Sick and Hurt Seamen at Plymouth aforesaid, have hitherto been affessed, and paid their Proportion for their Salaries and Profits whilst the - said Hospitals remained there; but that a new Royal

..... Hospital having been lately built in the Parish of

Stonekmtfe, in the said County, adjoining to Plymouth aforesaid, and the Offices and Employments of the said Officers, CJerks, and Substitutes, being now exercised there, she Petitioners are thereby deprived of their Quota or Proportion towards railing the Land Tax, payable by the Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Plymouth aforesaid: And therefore praying, ThataClauseorClauies may be inferred in the Land Tax A<fl, for the ensuing Year, to impower the Commissioners of the Land Tax idling for the said Town and Borough of Plymouth, to iffefs upon that Act, the Officers, Clerks, and Substitutes of His Majesty’s said Hospital, now at -

house aforesaid, for their Salaries and other Profits, towards railing the Money to be assessed on the Town and Borough of Plymouth aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Of the Year 176a, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for Relief of the Petitioners.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 30th September 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinf reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Laud' ra* resolve itself into a Committee of the 'whole House,

21

upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762;

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Commit-ice, that they have Po.ver to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrudl on to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1760, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1762!

Then the House resolved itself into the laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee. *

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they.had dirtdled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrb\y Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1762;

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Cotn-i mittee, that they have Power to receive a' Clause, to directthat the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1762, of the Income of the Duties ojl Malt granted for the Year 1760, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out erf" the

Supplies for the Year 1762.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. West have leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock. *n eanfc

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order made upon Monday ialt for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itieif into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, die Nov

Anno 2® Georgii III. Regis, 1761.

Praters.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to *<wey the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ "nu for the Electing of a Burgess to ferye in this present Parliament for the B.rough of Fowey, in the County of

Cornwall,

2 Geo. III.

a8° Novem

5*

Pfympton

Earle

Writ.

Radnor

Election,

Cornwall, in the Room of the Honourable George Edg — cumbe, Esquire, now Lord E called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chipping in the County of Buckingham, in the Room of the Right Honourable William Earl of Shelin the Kingdom of

Ireland, Lord IVycomb, Baron of Chipping in.

Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament the County of Buckingham, called up to the House of for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in the County of Peers.

Devon, in the Room of George Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed. That Thomas Lewis, Esquire, who was returned in the Double Return for the Borough of New Radnor, desires not to contest the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Matter of the Election and Return for the said Borough Essex, in die room of John Roberts, Esquire, who, since '* " ' i t r?r > - r ’ his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the

Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Harwich

Writ.

Irdcbtder

Writ.

with Edward Lewis, Esquire, returned also in the said Double Return:

And the House being thereupon also informed, that Edward Lewis, Esquire, who is returned in the said Double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the said Election for the said Borough, defies to withdraw his Petition;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Edward Lewis be at Liberty to withdraw his laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday la ft, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the First Day of December next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, to amend the Return for the Borough of New Radnor, by rafing out the Name of Thomas Lewis, Esquire, and what relates to him in the said Return, and by making what other Alterations , made his Election to serve for the District of

are proper in Consequence thereof. Burghs of Glasgow, and

And he attending, according to Order, amended the barton. said Return accordingly. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, lo make out a new Writ for The Right Honourable John Earl of Egmont, in the the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Kingdom of Ireland, being chosen a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of dir, Irvine, this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, Rothfay, Inverary, and Campbelton, in the Room of the in the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess foi the Bo- said Lord Frederick Campbell,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the County Palatine of Durham, in the Room of Esquire,

deceased.

The Right Honourable Frederick Campbell, . Esquire, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, being chosen a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Renfrew, Rutherglen, and Dumbarton, and also a Commissioner for the District of Burghs of Air, Irvine, Rothfay, Inverary, and

Durham

Writ.

Air, S

Writ I

rough of Ivelchester, in the said County of Somerset, made

his Election to serve for the Borough of Bridgewater.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dumbarton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for Writ, the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumbarton, in the Room

Inmber

Writ.

for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, of John Campbell, Esquire, now Duke of a Peer

in the Room of the said Earl of Egmont. of Great Britain.

The Honourable Andrew Archer, Esquire, being Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the City of Coventry, and also a Burgess for the Bortough the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

Gattos

Writ.

of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the Room of Sir James Cofebrookt, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Hirehfad

Writ.

Winchfifea

Writ.

Chipping

Vvcoir.be

Writ.

ment for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for r ‘ ’ " r r ,* ' the Eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, in the Room of the Right Honourable George Esquire,

commonly called Lord who, since his

Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Henry Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in the County of Sussex, in the Room Sir William Pare William, Baronet, deceased.

Oideredy

Derbr

Writ.

Suffix, in the Room of the said Mr. Archer,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neVv Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mine head, in the County of Somerset, in the Room of the Right Honourable Percy Earl of Thomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Ofiiccof Cofferer of His Majesty’s Houshold,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament fer the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the Room of the Right Honourable Percy Earl of Thomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of I lis Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Vol. 29.

Eve

Wric.

New

Shoreham'

Writ.

New

Mahon

Writ.

Newport

Writ.

Mistake

corretfed in the Name of a Member returned.

Importation of Sal'td frovifioii«.

52

28* Novembris.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a New Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Mahonin the County of York, in the Room of the Honourable Henry Finch, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of John Lee, Esquire, deceased.

Notice being taken. That, in the Lift of the Names of the Members returned to serve in this present Parliament, which was delivered to the Clerk of this House by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, Richard Earl of Til-ney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is certified to be returned as One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Malmesbury in the County of Wild;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately with the Return for the said Borough of Malmesbury.

And he attended accordingly with the said Return.

And the faief Return was read.

And it appearing to the House, by the Information of One of the Members of the House, who was present at the late Election of Burgesses for the said Borough, that John Earl of Tilney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Thomas Conolly, Esquire, who is also returned for the said Borough, were the only Candidates at the said Election, and that the said John Earl of Tilney was the Person elected, and deligned to be returned, together with the said Mr. Conolly, for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the said Return be amended, by rafing out the Word " Richard," and inserting the Word " John," instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That William McCartney, Esquire, do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committeeof the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Browne do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Ifntay do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That M r. William Westgarth do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. ----- do attend the said

Ordered, That Mr. kj Jones do Committee at the same Time.

A. 17

attend the said

Convention with the Duke of Brunswick.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, by His Majesty’3 Command,

Copy of an ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Duke of RrunJ'wick. Signed at 10th

August, 1761; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy' and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note, This Copy and Translation being loft; Others were presented the 4th of December.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Committee at the same Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Shoel do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend the said

Committee at the same Time,

Ordered, That Mr. John Fry do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Yeardejly do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, T\\7X Mr. William Mathews do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose Nixon do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Thwayte do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Woods, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Lewis do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. David Jones do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report* ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confide-r further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee." That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-two Thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary' of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for completing the Chapel ordered to be built for the Use of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded Seamen, at Haflar, near and such other Works as may be afterwards found proper to be performed, before the whole Work is put out of Hand.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for completing the Works of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth.

Resolved, That- it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingOnc Million, be granted to H is Majesty, towards paying o.Tand discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

8«pply.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Halifax the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Water-work* Tenements in the Town of Halifax, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direifted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Knight, Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Water Course, from the Spring called Well Head, from whence the Inhabitants of Half ax used to be chiefly lup-plied with Water, is of late much obstructed, and polluted with Filth and Rubbish, and the Inhabitants are obliged to fetch Water, for domestic Uses, in Carts, from the Head of the said Spring.

That the Number of Inhabitants being, of late Years, muck increased, the said Spring is not sufficient to fertc the said Town, nor can the Water be conveyed by Pipes to the upper Parts thereof.

r That

ft

a Geo. III. 280 Notombm. 53-

That it would tend greatly to the Consul ience and his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the^ Health of the Inhabitants the said Town^f aconstant Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table' Where the-Supnly of wholesome Water was conveyed into theijv Amendments-were Once rfcad throughout; and then a Dwelling Houses, which may be done from several Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion , Springs in the Neighbourhood which lie higher than the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, laid Will Head. That the Bill, with the Amendments, b® Mr. John Baldwin Being examined, confirriied the ingrossed.'

Evidence of Mr. Knight.

And bding ahead, Whether the Proprietors of Lands, Mr. Secretary at War presented -to the House, by His where the said Springs arise, and through which the Wa- Majesty’i Command, '

Sr is propos'd to be conveyed, had any Objection to the Kftimate of the Charge of S 9 7 73 of the Trooj)s rtdertaking ? He an five Ad, that they Were so far ffom of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel; Saxe Gotha; and Count of Burke-making any Objection, that they had all ligned the Pe- bnfg, ftotri the 25th of 'December 176*f, to the 24th of - tittbn. December 1762, both indufite; being 365 Days: And

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for , ' '

supplying the Town of Halifax with Water: And that EftinUteof the Charge df 22,404 Mert, the Troops of

Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, Sir George Armitagt, Mr. the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffe I, in the Pay of Great Brl*

HrJoett, Mr. Cholm/ey, and Mr. DelaVal, d<J prepare, /a/«, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1762: And also, and bring in, the lame. Efiiimate of the Charge of Five Battalions fetving with 1

' ' His Majesty’s Army in Germany, each Battalion conlifting

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickiufm, according to Ofdeh, reported of One 'troop df Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Com* Lwd Tax. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the panics of 125 Men in each Company, with-a Corps of Bill for granting art Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year to the*24tn of December 1762, both inclusive.

1762, was committed, the Amertdrtierits which the Com* ' And the Titles of the said Estimatei were read.

mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed The said Efhmates are as folio wet h, vita.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

ESTIMATE of the (Charge of 39,773 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Saxe Gotha, and Count

of Buckeburg, from the 25th of December 17-61,. to 24th of December 1762, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

toacaa. — - ----- - -- -__________

HANOVERIANS. General and Staff Officers

CAVAL RT.

One Troop of Horse Guards One Troop of Horse Grenadiers Eight Rt gitnenfs of Horse Four Regiments of Dragoons

inPaNtrt.

Two Battalions of Foot Guards -

Twenty-one Battalions of Foot - ’ - -

Artillery - -

For the Troops and Companies of Chasseurs, HulTars, and Hunters - *' -

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Pontoons -

Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Hospitals -

Total for the Troops of Troops of Wolfenbuttel -

Troops of SaxeGotka

Troops of Buckeburg - -»- -

Total for -

An Allowance to Prince Ferdinand -Extraordinary'Allowance of Half a Pound of Meat a Day, to each Soldier for Twelve Months

Numbers.

2,872

2,860

f,

s.

d.

6ytO&

1,824

18,496

20,320

329

3.817

4.204 3 *r

2>5°5 5 41,328' —

37,077 12 —

13.571 5 7 I4I,°33 16 10

Toter -

Uu — I

31.5 7.4 6,092 842 1,265

£ s. d.

I2>355 -

1 5 — si-

39.773

39.773

- 154,505 i Si

19>431 6 1 i

48,396 7 6

1,241 r 3

9.527 — 3}'

330.679 18 I

5o,or8 3 O

6,718 18 7

| i2’+89 ' >4 6

399.897 14 2

12,703 3 J ro

53.°37 1 r8 2i

465,638 16 H

War-Office, 2r8th Nbtjentber

C. foion/hinJ.

--Vifty 29.

o

t

SubsidJa^r

Troops

28* Novembris — i

A. 1761*

54

ESTI MATE of the Charge of *2,404 Men, the Troops of tli^ Landgrave CaJJei in the Pay

Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1762.

365 Days German Pay, for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from the 25th December 1761, to the 24th Numbers. £. t. d.

December 1762 365 Days German Pay, for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from the 25th of December 1761, to the 24th of 2,120 6,770 5 4

December 1762 ----- Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 225,000 Crowns a Year, from 25th of December 9 >900 120,986 6 9!

1761, to 24th December 1762 - - - - ..... 365 Days German Pay for an additional Corps of 920 Horse and 6,072 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, Officers of the Hospitals, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from the tft Day of January 54,140 1* 6

1762, to the 31st December following ----- Extraordinary Allowance of Half a Pound of Meat a Day, to each Soldier for 6,992 97,582 tj 10$

t2 Months ----- An Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, and of Two Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, Irom the 25th December 1761, viz. Augmentation to the Regiments of Horse - . - - - 240 Augmentation to 2 Regiments of Dragoons - - - 176 Augmentation to 12 Regiments of Foot ----- 2,520 Augmentation to Companies of Chasseurs on Foot - - - 16 26,463 4 —

Two Squadrons of Hussars ----- 2^0 Two Companies of Chasseurs ----- 2co 2.9 52 4 rs £ ♦' A 4 i ' i

— 44° 12,239 —

Total 22,404 4=543* *3 10

War-Office, *Sth Mi 'ember 1761.

C. Tewnjkend.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Battalions serving with His Majesty’s Army in each Battalion

conlifting of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761, to the 24th of December 1762, both inclusive.

Numbers. £. s. d.

Artillery Five Battalions - - — m m m - 5° 3,060 640 4 1 24,864 2 7

Total 3»*10 25,504, 6 8

War Office,

28th November 1761.

C. ’tovcnjheni.

Ordered,.That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till TuefJay Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported Mait Dut.«, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the- Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1762, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second’lime, One by One; and, upon t he Question feverr.1v put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolied.

Mart is t 4® die Decembris.

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1761. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Lord George Sackvitle, who is hindered by Sickness from attending the House, signi-fyine, that he, being elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hytke, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Criustead, in the County of Sujj'ex, makes his Choice to serve for the Town anti Port of Hytke.

t

'm

x Geo. III.

Decembris.

SI

Elrifton

Iadosure.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant td ferited to the House, in pursuance of their Order of ^ie the Clerk of the Crown, toifiake out a new Writ for the 2tft Dity of November last, for an Account of the Quan-Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament tities of Beef, Pork, Butter, and Cneefc, used in Hi| for the Borough of East Grinstead, in the County of Suf- Majesty's Navy, and the Prices paid for the lain?, from sex, in the Room of the Right Honourable GeorgifSack- the ift of January 1^59, distinguishing each Sort and ville, Esquire, commonly called Lord George Sackville. Year, to be laid before the House; to whicfa Order it had

been found that the Account preferited from the said A Petition of the Right Honourable William Earl of Commissioners, on Thwrfday last, did not contain a com- Harrington, Lord of the Manor of Elvafton, in the County plete Return,

of Derby, and a Proprietor of much the greater Part of An Appendix to an Account, dated the 25th Instant, the open Fields of Elvafton aforesaid, John ‘Tempest Borrow of the Quantities of Beef, Pork, Butter, and Cheese, pro- Esquire, Samuel Fox, Luke Hutchinson, Elizabeth Robins, vided, arid delivered at the several Ports in England, for Philip Cope, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said the Use of His Majesty’s Navy, and the Prices paid for -

open Fields, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the Lands of the several Proprietors of Lands, in the said Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersecf,' in and over the fame, and are, in their present Situation* incapable of much, if any Improvement; and alleging, That the said Proprietors have lately entered into Articles of Agreement amongst themselves, for dividing and inching the said Fields, and for assigning and allotting specific Shares to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Proportions and Interests therein; but such Articles, and such Division and Inclosure, cannot be effectually established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Articles, and the Divisions and Allotments, to be made of the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ip a Bill, pur-foant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Lord John Caven-itfh, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Aceoflnt; Ixctanwr Sib.

the fame, from ift January 1759; distinguishing each Sort and Year.

Doctor Hay also, from the said Commissioners presented to the House, -pursuant to their Order,

A Paper intituled, " Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, 27th November 17 Account, shewing the " Prices paid by this Office for the within mentioned Articles of Provisions, for Six Years, to Michaelmas last; distinguishing each Year."

And the Titles of the said Appendix and Paper weri read.

Ordered, That the said Appendix and Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland. ’

The said Appendix and Paper are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session. 1

An ingrafted Bill, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land 'fax, to #be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title btf.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

The House being informed, That Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Order, Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills Tear 1762. made out in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session ~ of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title#of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

An ingtoftfed Bill, for continuing and granting to His Supply Bill; Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder-, and Malt Duties, Perry for the Service of the Year 1762, was read the *c‘ Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, v An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty* certain Duties upon Malt, Murri, Cyder, and Perry, fqr the Service of the Year 1762.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for rendering more effectual several Aftsj passed stoken church in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the *’

of Money, towards paying off and discharging Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stoken the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Ser- Church Hill to Enflow Bridge, and the Road leading from vices for the Year 1761; and for allowing further Wheatley Bridge, through the City of by Begbrooke,

Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, except the Articles or Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies or Mile-way on each Side of the said City; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse, to the Turnpike on Stoken Church Hill aforesaid; and for widening several Parts of the said Roads: was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Grey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. B/ackfton, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Morton Lord Gar lies, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mills,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. West, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Grant, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Lord Howa

to be perused by the Members of the House. Mr. Butler, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Rigby, Sir Henry Harpur,

Mr.: , Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Imputation Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Fuller, Colonel Mr. Smith, Mr. Dempster, Mr.

hwifom Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Pryfe Campbell, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Nesbitt,

Vei. 29. , Mr.

Solicitors, and Filing thereof.

The Exchequer Bills made out, in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the ift Day

of December 1761.

S. P. Julliott.

n

,v

m i°

? § ## ’

Mr. Cholmottdeley, Mr. Hunt, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. By de,

i j61

An Account of the Amount oT the Duty of One Shil-M|» Wynne, Mr. Harris, Sir George Armitdge, Mr. Ash- ling per Gallon on Spirits imported, from the 21 ft of

' btpnham, Sir John tyynne, Mr. Tudway, Sir Henry Grey, April 1760, to the 5th 0(July 1701

BuUer, dW 4

*>ir Eiiis Cunlijfe, Mr. BoltMr.

9

c.

Towrfod, Mr. Nugent, Sir Poole, Mr.

*Mr. Webb, '1^ Alderman thick in fen, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Price, Mr. Adams, Mr. Upton, Mr. Pec, Sir John Mr. Al-

ffJerman Harley, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bankes Mr.

An Account of the Quantities 01 portet^ f.om the 5th April 1760, to the

And i.iio, British Spirits

ex*

loiii October

1761 ^together witu the Amount of the Drawback paid for the lame; distinguishing each Quarter: And also, An Account of the Quantity Ot -Cofnand M'elafles Spirits, diltjlled in England, from 5th jn/y 1 to 5th

Bayftun, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bull; and all th^t Members July 1761; distinguishing each Year: And also, whpfcne for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Worcester, An Account of the Quantities of Spit its imported and Warwick:An/i they are to meet tl*s Afternoon, at into England, fr.;ra the 5th 1759, to*5th July

ft. Five of the Clocl^, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

e.

A Hon Iticlofore.

h

♦ ft

the

A Petition of James §hiittkw Esq. Lord of Manor of Afon upon Treitt, in the County of Derby, and a Proprietor of a considerable Pa t of the Lancis and Grounds in the open and common Fields of upon Trent aforesaid; John Relief on, Clerk, Keel r of the Rectory and Church, of Afon upon Trent, Leonard Fof-hroak, Esq. Sarah Cove lift: aw. Joint Prior, Robert John Cock, William Roulfon, William Brow:thill, Joseph Bostock, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; fetiing forth.

1701; distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts*

And then he withdrew,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,' to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts, except the Foyrth,-are prelcrved a nongtl the o.her Papers of this Session.

Note, The Fourth of the said Accounts,- not being pt-ried, was withdrawn the 8th Jnlfant, and another presented.

That the Lands rtf the Petitioners, in the said Field', lie intermixed, and dilper ed, and, in their prrfciu Situa; ion, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that, if the faict Fields were divided, and inclosed, it would be of

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Al-derrnm, and of the Churchwardens, and Qvcrleers i f the Poo~, and of such of the other Gitaem and Inlrabi*. tants of a.id within the City and County of the City of great Improvement tc the Estates of the Petitioners and ? w hose Names arc thereunto fub'ci thed; and also,'

others interestied therein; but the same cannot be done, the Petition of the Mayor of the City of and Coun-.

without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, ty of the tame City, ,aa. B.ha.f of 1 1

jThat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclffing the said Fields, in such Mapner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-{uant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And, that Mr.

Tfynafon and the Lord Dungarvon, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame. r

Importation . ot t>lied Provisions,

Ditto.

Cirir.er.s ;.t.<! Inhabitants of the said City, were a h wd; that the Committee had examined toe Via iters of five laid Pc> hions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared ta them, to the House; and he read the iferort in his Place; and afte/wards.delivered if in at tire Clei k’3 Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

In fuDport of the Allegations of tire laid Petitions* Mr. Thomas Brock, Town C'crk of the said City, fold* That the said City coniifts of Nine separate Parishes, the

within the City of Brifol, under their Cojpmon Seal: And also,

A Pi tit ion of tfcc Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the City of Brifol:

Wtre severally presented to the.House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is now (u pending for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the^d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An r Ad to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation cf Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland; and representing to the House, that the Utility of such a Bill hath been fully proved, by

Accounts; W»nes and Spirits.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, AfTiflants,. and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants Adventurers, Poor whereof have been hitherto provided for by Tax*-?

~ ~ tion within each Pan lb, at a.vciy great annual Expence)

’but that, if a Corporation was elected, with Power to re* gulate and p-ovide f r such Poor, it would be a Saving to the Inhabitants of the said City of Three Fourths of the Expence they are now obliged to be at on that Account.

And the Witness further laid. That Burglaries, and Robberi^, and many Irregularities, are frequently committed, and Accidents happen within the said City, which might, in a great Measur, be prevented for the future, if the Streets, Rows, and Passages, were properly lighted and paved, and a well regulated Nightly W atch elta-blished.

the good EfTafts it hath already produced; and , That it would be a great Security to the Inhabitants of that the further Continuance of the same will be the said City, if a proper Number of Persons were ap-of public Utility: And therefore praying, that pointed, and Engines provided, for extinguishing Fires; the said Bill may pals into a Law. and it would be very advantageous, if Providon was made

And the said Petit ions were severally ordered to be refer- for regulating Hackney Coachmen, Hackney Chairman, red to the Consideration of the Committee of the Carmen, and Porters, working within the said City, and the Liberties thereof.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bid, for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Night!y Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Pillages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Car-The House being in/brmed, That Mr. Forrefler, from men, and Posters, within the City of Chefer: And that the Commiss.oners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, and Sir John Glynne, do prepare", and bring in, the pursuant to their Orders, fame. h

An Account of the gross and nett Produce of the fe-

~ - - The House was moved, That Part of an A<fl,; made in

the 3 jd Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An to enforce, and render tfoore effectual, the Laws relating to the Qualifi-ai 1 ' cation

whole House, to whom it is referted to consider further of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

1 1

Poor

and

Streets*

veral Duties upon low tVine$,.and Spirits, made in hand, from the jth of April 1760, to the 5th of July, *761; distinguishing the Amount of each/ Duty: And: allb,

Qualification

of

Members of Psurluaieat*

2 Geo. III.

Cation of the Members to fit in the House of Commons, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Clerk of this House do provide a Book, wherein , the Names of the Members of this present House of Commons, as well as of all those that shall hereafter be elected into the fame, shall be entered alphabetically, and opposite to each Member’s Name so entered, shall bein-lerted the Particulars of such Member’s Qualification, as the same have been, or hereafter shall be, delivered in at the Table, by the said Members, respectively;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Fofter and Mr. Baron Smythe:

57

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of i ,444. Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of,

in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1762, pursuant to Treaties.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth, viz.

i* — 2° Decemhris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,444 Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigoing Duke of

Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1762, pursuant to Treaties.

365 Days.Gemaw Pay for 1,203 Cavalry, and 2,208 Infantry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers and others of the Train or Artillery, from Numbers. £ s. d.

25th December 1761, to 24th December 1762 ( - 3»4i3 37.947 17 10

Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 82,400 Crowns a Year - - . - — 19,850 18 2

Pay of an Augmentation to the above, consisting of 239 Cavalry, and 122 Infantry, for 365 Days - -- -- - 361 2,622 I 3rr

Ordinary Subsidy for the said Augmentation — 2,099 ’3 7 IT

Levy Money for the same - — 5.487 18 *rT

Total 3.774 68,008 9 I f

War-Office,

'December, 1761.

, C. Townsh

Ordered, That the said F.ftimate do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Importation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ofialted whole House, to consider further of an Act made in the Ptorifions. ja^ «jefli0rl of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3*

kuiitw

Pond,

&c.

Xoads,

Mercurii, 2° dieDecembris;

Anno 2* Georgii III1" Regis, 1761.

Pray ers.

A BILL for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salifbvry, near Willoughby Hedge; and fr®m- West Amefbury to Anftlow Hill; and from Amefbury to Fiddletonand from the New Inn in Amefbury, to the End of the Parish leading to£3m Vol. 29.

rhigton; and from Wily to Cook's House, and Land ford\ and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's and Irom thence.

One Mile of the Road leading to in the County of Wilts-, was, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bid be committed to Mr. Kynaftm, Lord Dungarvon, Lord Macduff, Mr. Mr. Godol-

phin, Mr Fuller, Sir Charles Mr.

Admiral Holbourne, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rice, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Grey, Mr Burt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Honey wood, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rigby, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Smith, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Bolton, L rd Gage, Mr. Pye, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Foley, Sir George Armitage, Mr. T/iorotou, Mr Laf-

celles, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lo:d Panmure, Mr. Fuller. Mr, Elliot, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. William Chetwynd, Mr. Parker, Lord Midleton, Mr. Scott, Mr. Campbell, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Dickson, Mr. Mr. Of wo Id,

Mr. Mackay, Mr. Wa/fh, Mr. Peter Burrell, Lockhart, Mr. St. John, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. Hope Weir, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Daniel Lajceiles, Mr. Rolle, General St. Clair, Mr. Byde, General Cornwallis, Mr. Montgomery, Sir Hugh D, Mr. Serjeant Hew-, ett. Sir Matthew Featherftonhaugh, Mr. Lord Adam Gordon, Lord Parker, Sir James Douglai, Sir Henry Er-Jline, Lord Frederick Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, So-merfel, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

P

Support of the Queen's Dignity.

Subsidiary

Tioops.

Roya? Afftnt to Bill.

5 8 a9 Decembris. 1761.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Allent to the following public Bill; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty.

Brrens’ A Petition of John Be was presented to the House, Nat* and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr ton and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Nemine Conlradicente,

T|j<S|*a,ler That Mr. Speaker be desired to print the Speech by print10 him made to His Majesty, in the House of Peers, this hit Speech. Day, upon his presenting to His Majesty the Bill, for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She should survive His Majesty; which then received the Royal Assent.

Saltash A Petition of the Mayor and free Burgesses and In-

Road*. habitants of the Town and Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall; and the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads theretn-after mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highways or Roads leading from Trerule Foot, by Pole-mar kin, over Hejkin Bridge, through the Villages of in the

Parish of Saint Germans, and Landrake, in the Parish of Landrake, over Plotter Bridge, to Boraton Lane End, in the Parish of St. Stef ken's next Ash, to Culver Park Gate, in a Lane commonly called the Back Lane, within the said Borough of Saltash; and from a certain Place called Saltash Passage, within the said Parish of Saint Stephen's next Ash, in the said County of Cornwall, to Weston Mills, within the Parish of Saint Budeaux, by , in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, to the Corner of the Meadow at the East End of the Bridge, by the Lower Griejl Mills, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and from the North Stile of the Churchyard of the said Borough of St. Stephen's next by Cowders,

to the Alms House of the said Borough of; and

from Boraton Lane End aforesaid, through the Village of Carkiel, within the said Parish of St. Stephens next to a certain Place, called or known by the N^me of The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Bolus Fleming, in the said County of Cornwall-, are, by real'on of the Narrownels thereof in some Parts, and the Nature of the Soil, become ruinous, and very incommodious and dangerous to Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary coutfe of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clevlaud, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

IVhichcote, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bull, Sir George Mr.

Bu/ler, Mr. IValier, Mr. Price, Sir Thomas , Mr.

Hoivard, Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. l.ord Villiers, Mr. Pye, Mr. Weji, Mr. Harris, Mr. GaJ-coyne, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. , Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Keck, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Ellis , Mr. Thoro-

ton. Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Sir George

Armitage, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Grant, Lord Grey-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Account of the Distribution of £. 1,000,000, voted Account upon Account, for the Extraordinary Services of the Distribwioii Combined Army in Germany, and of £. 1,000,000 issued of pursuant to the Power given by an Act, passed in the last 1,000,00 Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1761; and to take all such Measures, as may be necessary to dilap-point or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of His Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

.1

I,

T.

1'.

T.

T

’ I

c-

i:

! V-

ir-i

k

k

[:k

rir.’

1'

' V-

: k

k’c

2 Geo. III. 20 Decembris. 59

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of £. 1,000,000, voted upon Account, for the Extraordinary Services of the Combined Army in Germany, and o(£. 1,000,000, issued pursuant to the Power given by an Act, paflTcd in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War, incut red, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1761 } and to take all such Measures as may be r.eceflary to dilappoir.t or defeat any Enterprizes or Deligns of His Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

To Calli paid Messrs. Walpole and Mellish, to be, by them, remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the Combined Army in Germany, and to be by him applied and paid over for the Extraordinary Expences and Contingencies thereof, according to such Orders and Dived ions as he should receive from His Majesty’s Supervii'or of all the Commissaries employed in providing Magazines, and l'upplying Forage, for the said Army; pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, of the 16th Day of January 1761 To Cash paid Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the likqjhirposes, perD’ of 2d February.761

To Calli paid Messrs. Walpole, Mellishand , to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, per D® of 13th March 1761 -To Cash paid Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, per D° of 15th Ap 1761 -To Cash paid Messrs. Walpole and Mel, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, per D® of 19th May 1761 To Calli paid Messrs. Walpole and Mellish, to be remitted as aforesaid, and applied to the like Purposes, per Warrant of 12th June 1761 -To Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, per D°of the 16th July 1761 To D®, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, per D® of 14th August 1761 -

To Messrs. Walpole and Mellish, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes, />i?rD"oftbe nth September 1761

150.000 -

150.000 — —

150.000 -

150.000 -

150.000 -

150.000 — —

150.000 -

150.000 -

150.000 — —

1,350,000 — —

Cash paid 'Messrs. Andrew Drummond and C® upon Bills of Exchange, drawn in their Favour by Messrs. Pye and Cruikjhank, to answer Monies advanced by the said and Cruikjhank, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for various Extraordinary Services of the Combined Army, in pursuance of several Warrants, dated at several Times, between the 8th of January 1761, and the 13th March following, both inclusive

War-Office, 2d December 1761. —

650,000 — —

2,000,000 — —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and InRabitants of the Town of Liverpool, was prefen ted to the House, IMhos. an(j reacj. alieging5 That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is now depending, for continuing, for a Time to be limited. An Act made in thejjd Year of the Reigrrof King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the I importation of salted Beef, Poilc, and Butter, from Ireland; and representing to the House, that the Utility of such a Bill hath been fully proved by the

Sood Effects it hath already produced; and that the irther Continuance of the feme will be of the greatest public Utility: And therefore praying, that the said 1 Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

That, for the more easy supplying of His Majesty’s Seamen, Marises, and other Forces, which now are, or shall be on board His Majesty’s Ships, and Transport and other Ships and Vessels in His Majesty’s immediate Service and Pay, salted Beef, ’Pork, and Butter, Ihpuid be permitted to be imported from Ireland into t.iis Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, for the Ule and Supply of such Seamen, Marines, and Forces, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

The first Rclblution being read a Second Time;

"The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereto; viz.

After " is," to inlert " at this Time."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there infrted.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

lapowtkm Mr. Rigby, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Continuance of the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for general and universel Use, is unnecessary, and will be prejudicial to the interest of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vot. 29.

Tellers for the j Yeas, /

Tellers for the f Noes, (

Mr. Nugent

Mr. Thomas Townshend, jun. Mr. RofeFuller,

Mr. Rice.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, up^n the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Fuller, Doctor Hay, Mr. Clevand Sir John,

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved,

L

Account Army Extras.

duties on Spirituous Liquors.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

The

Speaker’s

Speech.

6o a° — -J Decemhris.

Resolved, That an humble address be presented to Your Majesty’s Family; aPrincels, whom, the most dif* His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give tinguished Virtues, and amiable Endowments, pointed Directions, that there be laid before this House a parti- out to your Majesty’s Choice, and made the Partner of cular Account of the Expenditure of the Monies which the brightest Crown in Europe,

have been granted towards defraying the Charge of Eo- I cannot but efteern it a very Cngular Honour and rage, Bread, &c. and other Contingencies of the Com- Happiness to myself, that the firit Bill, which, by Combined Armies in Germany; and also of the Monies which mand of the Commons, I present to your Majesty, is a are contained in the Accounts laid before Parliament, of Bill, in which they have, with the greatest Zeal and Unani* the extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided mity, endeavour to testity their Duty to Your Majesty for; and also, of the Monies contained in the Accounts and Your Royal Consort; and that it is no le!s accept-of the Sums issued, pursuant to divers Acts of Parlia- able to Your Majesty than to Your Commons, and all ment, to enable His Majesty to defray the extraordi- whom they represent.

nary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, But, Sir, though they have passed it with the utmost and to take such Measures, as might be necessary tode- Expedition which their Forms allow, yet it is Matter of feat the Enterprizes of His Enemies, and as the Exigen- real Satisfaction to them, that they can entertain the most cy of affairs might require; distinguishing the several pleating and well founded Hope, that it will be a long Sendees to which the Money has been applied, the Au- Course of Years before it can have any effect; and the thorities by which it has been issued, and the Persons domestic Happiness of t-he Queen is so inseparably con-to whom it has been paid, during the Years 1757, nested with the public Interests of Your People, that, 1758, 1759, 1760, and the present Year, to the 24th on the Behalf ot Her Majesty, as well as of every Subject June Iaft. of Your Realm, Your faithful Commons will never ccafe

Ordered, That the fad Address be presented to His to implore the Almighty, that he will be pleased to dif- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His tinguish this Nation by his Divine Favour and Protec- Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council. tion, in prolonging Your Majesty’s happy Reign beyond

an ordinary Date; and that, if ever the Provision of this Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill shall become effectual, it may be lamented only by ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole their Posterity.

House, to take into Confident ion an Act, made in the The Bill, Sir, which I have in my Hand, is inti-33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act forpre- tuled,

venting the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by lay- a n A Cl for enabling His Majesty to make Provision ing additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohi- for Reporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case bition of making Low Wines and Spirits, from Wheat, She shall (urvive His Majesty:

Barley, Malt, or other Graia; and from Meal, Flour, and To which Your Commons, with all Humility, be-Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British made feech Your Majesty’s lloyai Assent.

Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties

payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent re- "

landing, or Importation thereof. y

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W'ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Speech of Mr. Speaker, this Day, upon presenting to His Majesty the Bill, for enabling His. Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty; when it passed the Royal Assent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

IT has been the first Care of Your faithful Commons, to take into their Confederation what Your Majesty most affectionately recommended to them from the Throne, namely, the enabling Your Majesty to make that Provision for the Queen, in case She shall survive You, to which Her Royal Dignity, and Her own Merit, give Her the justest Claim.

On such an Occasion, I should ill discharge the Trust which has lately been reposed in me by the Commons, and most graciouflyconfirmed by Yrour Majesty, if I omitted to allure you, that they feel the warmed Sentiments of Gratitude to Yrour Majesty, who have made their Happiness, and that of their Posterity, Your principal Object: Ofthis Your Majesty has given abundant Proof, by Your Royal Nuptials with a Princefe, whose illustriousAnceftors were early AiTertors of the civil and religious Liberties of Mankind; and, in Consequence, closely attached to

Anno 2* Georgii IIllii Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

pHilip Jacob Krauter, and John Paris, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

APetitiotvof the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and BurUcb t# otherprincipal inhabitants of the Counties of Warwick and Leicester y whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding Roads, in and near the Places and Roads therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the High Roads leading from the New Inn, in the ' ParilVof Burbach, in the County of 'Leicester, at the.

Cross Roads at the End of Sketchley Heath LanCy commonly called Three Potts, straight along the Watling Street, to the Turnpike Road between Leicester and Coventry; and from the Turnpike Gate, on the Turnpikl Road at Nuneaton Gap, along the Wailing Street, to Wither ley Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and from Wit her lev Bridge, through Atherjione and Wilncote, to the End of Fajely Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and from Fie I don Bridge, near Atheistone, through At herst one, to the End of Bourn Bridge, in Over Whit acre; and from the Cross Lanes near Whitacre Furnace, in Over Whitacre, through Anceley, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the Arbour Houses at Mancejier Lane End, through Mancefiery to the said Guide Post; and from thence to the South East End of a certain Street in Nuneatony in the County of Warwick, called the Abbey End; are in a ruinous Condition, and in several Parts, narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the present Means provided by Law; and alleging that there are several large Coliieries and Lime Works near the said Roads; and if the said Roads were repaired, the Persons residing upon, or near the fame, might be thereby supplied witii Coals and Lime at all times of the Year, and at a reasonable Price, which would be very advantageous to

them.

GOOgl'

L

a Geo. III. 3' — 4'

them, and the Country adjacent i And. therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as to the Hou'b shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houte.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Ridley Mr* Wilkes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clive, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mills, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Gore, Mr. jFane, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wynne, Mr.. Mackworth, Mr. Worfiey, Mr. Rob inf on, Mr. Eliah Harvey., Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dickson, Mr.. Fuller, Mr. Lane, Mr. Alderman Dichinfon, Lo d Grey, Mr. Sibthorpe, Lord Brownlvw Bertie, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gascoytie, Mr. Burgoynfiy General Bofcaweny Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Mr. Befi,.

Mr. Webby Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Nesbitt, Admiral Coates, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle% Mr.; Morton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Smith, Sir Alexander

Grant, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Byde, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pennant, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Adams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, StaffordDerby, Northampton, and Worctfer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,. Papers, and Records.

Sandon* The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to

&c. whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy,

*oad> Merchants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, refid ing near, and usually travelling, the Roads therein after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said’ Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-pprt in his Place; and afterwards delivered it* in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz. *

In Support of the Allegations of the said petition, Mr. John Brighton, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Sandon, in the County of Stafford, through Leek, in the said County, and Macclesfield, in the County of (JheJler, till it joins the present Turnpike Road between Buxton and Stockport, at Bullock Smithy, in the said County of Chestet; and also* the Road leading from Hilderfione -'to Dray cot t in the Moors, in the Turnpike Road between Newcastle-tender-Line and Uttoxeter in the said County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from a Place called Wetley Rocks, in the Parish of Chedleton, through Cheadle, to Team, in the Jsaid Turnpike Road between Newcastle-under-Line g and Uttoxeter. aforesaid; are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places; and cannot be repaired, al-f tered, and widened, by the ordinary Course of Law; but that, if the said Roads were repaired, it would open a Communication from Leek to Macclesfield, and to Manchester; and would be a great Advantage to the Country, by enabling the Inhabitants to get Coals in a much easier and cheaper Manner than they can now do, and will be of great Utility to the Public in general.

Mr. John Davenport confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from. Sandon; in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderfione to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks to Lean, in the said County of Stafford: And that the Lord Grey, Mr. Robin-Jon, the Lord Parker, and Mr. Cholmondeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 29.

Decembris.

Mr. Lowndes. presented to thfi House, according to ^reni' Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Bei'ens: And the Nat* same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for Naturalizing Philip fa cob Krauter, and John Krautcr Paris, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jarrit a Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Kynafionr Mr. Gray, Mr. Palmer, Lord Grey, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Eliah Harvey, Mn. Pennant, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Mellish.

Mr. Lockhart,. Mr* Bull, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mackay, Mr.

Upton, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Stawiton, Lord North*

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernoni Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rejl, Lord Holmes, Mr. Thorn on, Sir John Philipps, Mr. TownJJiend, Admiral Coates,

Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Worf-. ley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. WaJJh., Mr. Prowse, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Cafwall, Mr, Rigby, Lord Parker, Mr.

Ridley, Lord Dungarvon, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fofier, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Burt, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fitzherhent, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. PUmpire

LordHarryPowlett, Mr. Py.e, Mr. Cust, Mr. Su J.ohm, General Cornwallis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Holt, Mi* Wilkin* son, Mr. Mawbey: Ancl they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Complaint being made to the House, That Thomas fcvefliaia Hull and George Pratt, having been served with the Electl0ri* Speaker’s Warrant, for permitting William Baylies, Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect any public; Books, public Writings, or public Accounts* relating to thp Disposal of any public Charities within the Borough of RveJJiam, had not obeyed the said Warrant;

Lake Pickering was called in; and* at the Bar, exa-i named, with Relation to the Matter of thje said Complaint; and produced the said Warrant.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the said Warrant was reaa.

And the said Lake Pickering was again called in, and further examined, with Relation to the said Complaint*

' And then he was again directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further examined, and produced Evidence, in order to shew the Nature of m certain Charity /within the said Borough, where to, certain Papers related, the Inspection of which, he alleged tq) have been refused tb him by the said Thomas Hull.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Hull do attend this House upon Wednesdcty Morning next.

¥ I

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris., a? die D

Anno 2° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, I7$r.

PftAYfcKS.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A&‘ Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to hand Tax. be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762*without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Aq Act Duties on for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Du-' Malt> ties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1762, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An A Thomton'e Q for Nat*

Insolvent

Debtors.

Convention with the Duke of Brunswick.

Ditto.

62

40 Decembrist 1761.

for Naturalizing Anita Maria 'Thornton, Wife of 0flavins Thornton, Merchant, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, as relates to Creditors compelling Prisoners, charged in Execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged; and also, to indemnify Sheriffs and Gaolers for discharging Prifo-ners, in Obedience to the Orders of Justices, made at any Court of Session; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 9. Leave out from " Force" to the End of the Bill.

In the Title of the Bill, leave out from " discharged" to the End of the Title.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Notice being taken, that the Copy of an ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Duke of BrwiJ'wick, signed at Brunswick, 10th August 1761; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon Saturday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, were missing;

And the House being informed, that another Copy of the said Convention and Translation had been prepared at the Office of One <4 His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State;

Ordered, That the said other Copy and Translation be received.

Mr. Jenkinson, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, accordingly presented to the House, another Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Luneburg, concluded and signed at Brunswick, the 10th of August 1761; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The said. Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Translation of a Copy of a Convention, between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Lune-hurg, concluded and signed at Brunswick, the 10th August 1761.

His Majesty, the King of Great Britain, having thought fit to propose to his most Serene Highness, the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Luneburg, an ulterior Augmentation to be made to the additional Body of his Troops; and his moll Serene Highness having entered . i with Zeal into His Majesty’s Views, the High Contracting Parties have transmitted their Orders thereupon to their respective. Ministers: That is to say. His Britannic Majesty, to Colonel John Clavering, a Captain of His i Guards, and One of His Majesty’s Aides de Camp; and the most Serene Duke of Brunswick Luneburg, to Henry Bernard de Schliejledt, his most Serene Highness’s Minister of State, hereditary Cup Bearer of the Duchy of Brunswick, Lord of Schliejledt, Kublingen, and Hauffnein-dorffy Knight of the Order of Dannebrog; who, after the

Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

The same Conditions, by virtue whereof the additional Body is engaged, in Consequence of the Treaty of Mar-pitrg, and the Convention of Paderborn, shall be applied to this ulterior Convention.

Article II.

This Augmentation shall be of 361 Men, and shall consist in 118 Hussars, iai Chasseurs mounted, and 122 Chasseurs on Foot.

Article III.

The Levy Money for this Augmentation shall be paid, agreeably to the Stipulations in the 3d Article of the Treaty of Marpurg: The Subsidies shall be augmented, in Proportion to the said Augmentation: The Explanation given to the Term Immediatementy inserted in the 10th Article of the Treaty of Marpurg, shall be applied to this ulterior Augmentation, in the same Manner as it was done with Regard to the Augmentation agreed on for the Convention of Paderborn: Lastly, the ordinary and extraordinary Pay of this ulterior Augmentation, shall be the same as that which has been granted to the whole additional Body of Brunswick Troops, which ought to enjoy, as well with Regard to the Pay, as with Regard to the other Advantages, an intire Parity with the Hejftan Troops.

Article IV.

Towards defraying the Expences, which the Maintaining of the Men and Horses composing this ulterior Augmentation, has already occasioucd to H. M. S. H. and, in Consideration that this Body of Troops has been now near Three Months raised and equipped. His Britannic Majesty consents, that the Payment of the Subfi-dies, and of the Pay for this, ulterior Augmentation, shall commence from the ift of May, of the present Year.

Article V.

The Corps of Chasseurs, as well Infantry as Cavalry, confiding, # after this ulterior Augmentation, of above 630 Men, *it has been necessary, for the Good of the Service, to add a Second Staff Officer: This Officer shall belong to the Cavalry of this Corps,-and shall command it as Major of Horie.

Article VI.

This Convention shall be ratified; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged on each Side, within the Space of Four Weeks, if it can be done. In Witness whereof, We, the under written, Ministers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his most Serene Highness the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Lunebttrg, by Virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present Convention, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Brunswick, the 10th of August 1761.

(J. Clavering) (L. S.) H. B. de SchlieHedt.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarumy in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Pitt, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Lake Pickering do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Lord Barrington reported to the House, That their Addressof Wednesday last (That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty

had

t

Old Sarum Writ.

Evesham

Election.

Answer to

Address

for

Account.

2 Geo. III. 40 — 7 Q Dece 3

had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He has given Directions accordingly:

Royal Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, i° Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and One private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762;

AaAft for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,’Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1762:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, as relates to the Creditors compelling Prisoners charged in Execution, to deliver up their Estates, and to such Prisoners being thereupon discharged:

An Act for Naturalizing Anna Maria Thornton, Wife of Oftavius Thornton, Merchant.

Sir John Philipps reported, from the Committee appointed to consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House, and to report the same to the House, That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as folio weth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no private Business be entered upon, any Day, in the House, after Two of the Clock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Motion be made for difpcnfingl in any Case, with the Observance of the said Resolution, unless Leave be given by the House, upon the preceding Day, for making such Motion.

The said Resolutions being severally read*a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

The House was moved. That several Resolutions of the House, of the loth and 13th Days of March 1734, might be read.

® And the same were read accordingly; and are as followed; viz. /

Attcnfontfc

of

Members.

" other Mark of the fame, provided such Member be <c at Prayers."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed in the Votes of this Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the lft of October 1760, and the 31st December following, including the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within that Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between ift January and 30th September 1761, including the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within that Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in Pursuance ofan Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

s Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit agairfc

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Luneburg, concluded and sighed at Brunswick the 1.0th August 1761, and Translation, (this Day presented to the House) do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Luna, 10 die Martii, 1734.

c< Declared, That no Member is to keep any Place " in the House, by Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, " till after Prayers; and then only for himself."

Jovis, 13 die Martii, 1734*

cc Resolved and Declared, That the Declaration of the " House, of the 10th Day of this Instant March, That *e no Member is to keep any Place in the House, by " Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, till after Prayers, " and then only for himself, does not extend to a Member who takes a Place by and for himself only, before Prayers, and leaves a Book, Glove, Paper, or

Vol. 29.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuncZy j* die Decembris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

O HN Berens took the Oaths appointed in Order to J his Naturalization.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining

a nightly

Supply.

Ways and Rfeans.

Convention with the Duke of Brunswick.

Chester

Poor, and Streets.

Holy Crete in Per(hore Inclosorc.

Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

Supply*

64 70 Decembris.

a nightly Watch; lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Hows, and Passages; providing Fire Engines and Firemen; and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters; within the City of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Holy in Per-r Shore, in the County of Wortefier, was committed. That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Samuel who is intitled to about half an Acre of Land, and who refused to sign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill; and that the Committee had'gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then aSecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomhyns (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into England, from Chrijhnas 1758, to Michaelmas 1761; distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into Consideration an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of made

Spirits, and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Relanding or Importation thereof.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Resolutions were read; and are as follow -eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Eighthundred Thirty-five thousand Twenty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty for the-Charge of Transport Service, between the iftof 0 Be her 1760, and the 30th of 16

temper 1761, including the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1761; and for allowing further Time for making Affidavits of the Execution of Articles or Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, and Filing thereof; and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the excessive Lie of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, and for more eft'edtually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Rc-landing or Importation thereof;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the several Law9 relating to Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and nett Produce of the several Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits made in England, from the 5th of April 1760, to the 5th of July 1761; distinguishing the Amount of each Duty; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duty of One Shilling per Gallon, on Spirits imported, from the 21st of April 1760, to the 3th of July 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,'That the Account of the Quantities of Brh tifk Spirits.exported, from the 5th of April 1760, to the 10th October 1761, together with the Amount of the Drawback paid for the lame; distinguishingeach Quarter; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Spirits imparted into England, from the 5th of January 1759, to 5th July 1761; distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts; be reteritd to the said Committee.

A Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered into the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported into England, from Chrijhnas 1743, to Christmas 1758, and from thence to Michaelmas 1759; distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts; (which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of January 1760) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Return to the " Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated " 19th December 1759, that there be laid before the " House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Com, from Midfwnmer 1744, to Midfumtner 1757; distinguishingeach Year; and also, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from " Melasses, from Midsummer 1744* to Midfwnmer 1759; K distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the " Quantity of Spirits exported since Midsummer 1744; " distinguishing the several Sorts and Years;" (which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of January 1760) be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Duties oa Spirituous Liquors.

2 Geo. III. 7 — 8°

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to I'everal Rcfohitions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Martis, 8°;

Anno 2° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Arrount XTOTICE being taken of a Mistake in the Account kbdnwD. of the Quantity of Corn and Melasses Spirits distilled in England, from 5th July 1 759, to 5th July 1761; distinguishing each Year; which was presented to the House upon’ Tuesday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account* in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

The House being informed that Mr. Forrester (from *Mm5' the Commitfioriers of Excise) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Corn and Melasses Spirits distilled in England, from 5th July 1759, to jth July iybii distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered; ~jLhaX the said Account do lie upon the Table; to-be feruled by the Members of the House.

The- laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dutifson Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-

Spiritiious ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Ijquon. whorii it was referred to take into Consideration an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act -for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and from MeaJ, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British'made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing tjje fraudulent Re-landing or Importation thereof; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report so the House; which he read in his Place; and af-. terwands delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method of subjectng Spirits, made for Exportation, to the Payment of Duties, and, in ConsiderMiort thereof, granting Drawbacks or Allowances to be paid upon the Exportation of such Spirits, has been found to be attended with many Inconveniences.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That certain Regulations be established for the making of Spirits for Exportation; and that Spirits made under such Regulations, be not subject to the Payment of any of the present Duties, nor intitled upon Exportation to any of the present Drawbacks, Allowances, or Bountifes.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,1 foPencouraging the Exportation of Spirits made in Great Britain from Corn, a Bounty of Three Pounds Vol. 29.

Decembris. 6 5

Twelve Shillings- per Ton be allowed upon the Exportation of such Spirits made from Corn.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provision contained in the Act of the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, by which the Distillers of Spirits from Corn are retrained from rectifying or compounding Spirits, as it tends to enhance the Price of Spirits made for Exportation, equally with that-of Spirits made for Home Consumption, is inexpedient, and ought not to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in order to prevent the increatc of the Use of Spirits for Home Consumption, an additional Duty be laid upon all Spirits made in Great Britain, other than those which shall be made for Exportation, under the Regulations above mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirit*, of the first Extradion, tnade or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any Sort of Drink or Wafti, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, or from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty One Penny, over and above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua Vitae, made for Sale for Home Consumption, of the Materials aforesaid, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Three Pence, over and above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn for Home Consumptfon, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Three Pence, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Two Pence,

over and above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn for- Home Consumption, ' from Cider, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, there shall be granted and paid to Mis Majesty One Penny Three Farthings, over and above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Spirits made for Sale, for Home Consumption, from Cider, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except those before mentioned, there shall be granted and paid to His Majesty Two Pence, over and above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers 01.Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That, for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of our own Colonies, there be paid by the Importer, before Landing, Six Pence.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of our own Colonies, there be paid by the Importer, before Landing, One Sliilliner.

R The

66

8° — 9° De

A. 1761.

The Eleven first Resolutions of the Committee being fity and City, for the Time being, or their Deputy or severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Deputies, towards the amending of the Bridges and severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Highways, lying and being within One Mile of the said

The Twelfth Resolution of the Committee being read City of Oxford: And further alleging, That the Petition-a Second Time; ers, and their Predecessors, have, from Time to Time,

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to

the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further, with regard to the said Re- leftions, a large Part of which is still solution which hath been re-committed, the Act made but by the Alteration of the Value

by their Deputies aforesaid, collected and expended the said Monies in the Repairs of the said Highways and Bridges; and have also advanced considerable Sums (as Necessity has required) on the Credit of the said Col-

due and owing; of Money, since

in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act the said Funds were created by Parliament, the same for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors are not now sufficient to provide proper Persons con-bylaying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the stantly to survey and repair the said Mile Ways, while the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wear of the same has been greatly increased by the Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and from Meal, Number of heavy Carriages passing and repairing thereon. Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of since the Establishment of Turnpike Roads at the British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing Extremities of severalof the said Mile Ways, that the the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fame, and particularly such of them as. lie within the fraudulent Re-landing or Importation thereof. County of , are now become ruinous, and cannot

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being be effectually repaired without connecting the said Funds read a Second Time; . with the Funds arising from the several Turnpikes afore-

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to

Importation of salted Provisions.

said; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be more convenient for the Public, and for the said University and City, and would be more advantageous to the Turnpike lloads aforesaid, if the Repairs of the several Mile Ways, leading towards,

IVheatky, Woodfock, and Kidlington, in the County of O, were under the Care and Management of the Com mi ffi oners of the several Turnpike Roads, which abut upon, begin from, or end at, the said several Mile men. That they do make Provision in the said Bill for Ways respectively; and if the several Sums, so collected securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise on Spiri- by Authority of Parliament, and appropriated by an-tuous Liquors. cient Usage, in certain Proport ions, to the Repairs of the said respective Mile Ways, were, after Re-payment of Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- the Monies advanced by the Petitioners, and their Prede-der, a Bill for the Importation of lalted Beef, Pork, cefi'ors, and now due and owing from the same, directed and Butter, into this Kingdom, from Ireland, for the to be paid to the said several Sets of C ^mmissioners, to Supply of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other enable them to perform the said Repairs, with such Powers Ships in His Majesty’s Service: And the same was re- as are now vested in the Petitioners by the said Acts of

the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Eleven first of the said Resolutions, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Alderman -Jon, the Lord Barrington, the Lord North, Mr. Ofwa/d, Mr. Elliott, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentle-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.,-

Sandon,

&c.

Road.

Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that such further and other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as to the House thall seem meet.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declarer tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Mercurii, 90 dieDecetnbris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1761.

Praters.

THE Lord Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, _

CheJlTLthe Matter thereof; and report "the* fame, as it shall ap-»/r..... 1 - pear to them, to the House:

Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks to Fean, in the said County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

O*for<f A. Petition of Joseph Browne, D.D. Vice Chancellor Mile Way*, of the University of Oxford, and John Esquire,

Mayor of the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners ob-

And it is referred to Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Mr. JVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Proivfe, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Ckauncy Fown-

fend, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr. Rolle, Sir Armine

IV Mr. John Webb, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Byde, Sir Charles

Mordaunt Mr. Foley, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Bacon, Dr.

HMr. Thomas Howard, Sir William Meredith, Mr. _ _ . ec Bull, Lord Parker, Mr. Boone, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

serve, that a Bill is depending, for rendenng more effec- Robiffon, Lord Gage, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Glover, Mr. Maw-

tual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of Oxford, to NewWoodstock, in the County of Oxford, except the Mile Ways on each Side of the said City; and reciting, that by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth and since, it is provided and enacted, That every Person, having One Yard Land or more in his Possession, lying within Five Miles of the University and

bey, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lane, Mr. Holt, Lord Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, Warwick, Northampton, Bucks, and Worcester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

VC-

*1 s-r

1

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others,

City of Oxford, or the Franchises of the fame, shall pay living in, near, and usually travelling the Road leading yearly the Sum of Four Pence for every Yard Land, from the Turnpike Road on the Top of White Sheet to the Vice Chancellor and Mayor of the same Univer- Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the 17 County

White Sheet

Hilt,

See.

Road.

2 Geo. III. 90

County of Wilts*, by the Parish Church of Harnham, to Mr. Bakers Farm House, in the Parish of Bridford, in the said County of Wilts, leading; to the City of

Sarum, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road aforesaid, which lies on the great Post Road from London, to the Western Part of this Kingdom, and in length Thirteen Miles, or thereabouts, is very ruinous, and, for the greatest Part of the Year, is fct bad, that Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by Law, be effectually amended, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sir

Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust, Mr.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Pater Jon, Lord Strange, Mr.

Maiobey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ohnius, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sturt, Lord Gage, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lane, Mr. Foley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Buller, Mr. Child, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gascoignc, Mr. Smith, Mr* Lovett, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Holt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bertie, Lord Mr. Byde, Lord Howe, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Amine house, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Coventry, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

HoVCroft, An Ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wore, common Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Holy lodofurr. Cross, in Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Per-shore, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

!mm»’ A Bill for Naturalizing John Berens, was read a Se-’* cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Hewett, Mr. White, Mr Mawbey, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lane, Mr. Bull, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Price, Lord Grey, Mr. Lord Howe, Mr. Pye,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fk/-ler, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Burrell, Lord Strange, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Armine Mr. Foley, Sir William Baker, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Camp-

bell, Mr. Howard, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Holt, Mr. Cust, Mr.

Barry, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Mellijk, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ward, Mr. Webb, Mr. Glover. Dr. Hay, Mr. Whateley, Sir Mat-

thew Lambe, Mr. Gascoyn*: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken, that the Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, contains Provisions not prayed for by the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of such of the other Citizens and Inhabitants of and within the City and County of the City of Chester, whose Name! are thereunto subscribed; nor by the Petition of the Mayor of the City of Chester, and County of the same City, on behalf of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City , which were presented to the House upon Monday the 23d Day of November last;

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

Mr. Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing Jacob Krauter and John Paris, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the facSe to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment.: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Thomas Hull, and Lake Pickering, being read;

The said Thomas Hull was called in, and, at the Bar, heard and examined, in relation to the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon Thursday last, that Thomas Hull, and George Pratt, having bean served with the Speaker’s Warrant, for permitting William hashes, Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect any public B oks, public Writings, or public Accounts, relating to the Dispofalof any public Charities, within the Bciuugh of

Evesham, had not obeyed the said Warrant.

And the said Lake Pickering was called in, and confronted with the Cud Thomas Hull,

And then they were both directed to withdraw.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, to the 24th of November 1761, not provided so; by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

Chester

Poor

ana

Streets*

Krauter

and

Paris's

Mat*

Svefhara

Election.

Account j A.-rr.y Extras*

VOL. 25.

An

9° Decembris. . 1761.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred to the 24th of November 1761, not provided for

by Parliament.

2,006 11 6

33*3^9 5 1

8,147 5

5>52° 3

Dates of Warrants.

7761

13 Mar. To Cash paid Messrs. Andrew Drummond and Co. to complete the Payment of a Bill of Exchange for f. 100,000, drawn in their Favour by Messrs Pye and Cntikjhank, to anl'wer Monies advanced by the said Pye and by

Order of the Marquis of Granby, Commander in Chief of the Forces

in Germany, to answer the Expences of Forage and other Things for the Combined Army there, the Sum of £. 51,984 194, which is the other Part of the said Bill, having been included in the Account of the Distribution of £. 2,000,000, issued for Extraordinary Services and Expences of the Combined Army, and of the War.....48,015 — 8

15 Apr., To D° paid D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D°, by Order of D®, for Forage, &c. for the Use of D° Army -

2ift To D° paid D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, for the Use of D® Army - -

11 May. To D® paid D", to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange,

drawn by D®, by Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, Supervisor and

Director of all the Commissaries for Forage, for D®

Army ——

9 June. To D® paid D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, &c. for D®

Army -

19th To Messrs. A. Drummond and Co. to satisfy and discharge a ’ Bill of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Pye and Cruikjhank, by

Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, for Forage, &c. for the Combined Army - - - - 953 17

25th To P®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, &c. for D® Army - 9,650 18

6 July. To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, i£c. for D° Army - 96,509 4 4

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, for D® Army - - - 9,650 18 5

30th To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn

by Order of Lieut. Col. Pi, for Forage, &c. for, . D° Army ’ -

i6 Aug. To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, &c. for D® Army 24 Sep. To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, fot Forage, &c. for D® Army To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, (s’c. for D®

Army -

To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, iSc. for P®

Army ——

24 Sep. To Messrs. A. Drummond and C® to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Pye and Cruikjhank, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, &c. for the Combined Army -

5 Obi. To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D°, by Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, for Forage, for D® Army ——

19th ToD®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, fsV. for D®

Army ——

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D°, by Order of D®, for Forage, isc. for D®

Army -

96,7-1° 13 96,267 18 6,254

- I

11

9 5

23,000-----

3>452 7 4

9*53° >5 —

95,307 9 2

5>4»* *3 9

2,728 — 3

20 July. To Messrs. Walpole, Mellish, and Touchett, in discharge of Commission, on the Sums remitted by them for the British Troops in Germany -

55*537 16

8,840 —

2 Geo. III.

90 Decembris.

69

I)»tf5 of Warrants.

759-

jO Jan. To Messrs. Yhomlinjmty Colebrooke, Nesbitt, and upon Account, to be

remitted by them in Specie to North for extraordinary Services of

the Forces there

To D" for the like Service To D® for the like Service To D® for the like Service

60,000-----

- 100,000 — —

- 100,000-----

100,000 -

1761.

*7 Feb.

»7 Apr. jo July.

Zi Feb. To Messrs. Colebrooke, Nesbitt, Colebrooke, and , upon Account, for Bread

and Flour issued by them to the Forces in New England and New , from

2,358 4 xo

360,060

27 Fib.

7

Mar.

I Apr.

15th

3

26th of March 1760, to 27th following

To D° for D® to D® in New Hmn and New from.

28th August 1760, to the 8th October following - -

To Mcfi'rs. Colebrooke, Nesbitt, C, and upon

Account, for Provisions issued by them to the Forces in North America - - 26,316

To D* upon D®, in Part of Monies that may hereafter appear to be due to them for Provisions already issued, or that may be issued, to the Troops in D*

To D® upon D°, for Provisions, which being damaged through the want of Storehouses, (Ac. in several Parts of No. America, were condemned and destroyed -To D° upon D®, for fresh Meat and Flour, issued to the Forces at the Western Garrisons of North , between

26 th March and 25 th November 1760 -

To D°, for Provisions for the Forces in North America, from 19th OB. 1760, to 19th November following To D°, for Flour for the Forces in New HampJJiire and New York, from 9th October to 9th November 1760 To the Representatives of the late Sir James , and

aP, for D° for the Forces m New York and , from

20th November 1760, to 31st following -

To D®, for D* for the Forces in North , from D8

to D®....

ToD° for D* to D® in D®, from xft of Jamary to 11th February 1761

To the Representatives of the late Sir James Colebrooke and for Flour for the Forces in New York and , from ift

January to nth February 1761 -To D" upon Account, for victualling the Troops and French Prisoners in the Garrison of Quebec, and for Provisions to the Transports on the Expedition to Montreal, and to the Ships of War, Cartels, and Cantonments, and for Damages in re-shipping said Provisions -30 July. To D®, for victualling the Forces in North America, from 12th February to 25th March 1761 To D° for D° the D® in Canada, from D® Time to 1 ith April 1761 - - . -

To D° for D® the D® in So. Carolina and Georgia, from xft January to 25th March 1761 -

To D®, for Flour for the Forces in the Province of New York and at Fort Augustus, from 12th February to 25th March 17.61 ——

To Sir Geo. Colebrooke, A. Nesbitt, and Moses , for Provisions that were damaged on the Mohawk and HudJon's Rivers, and were condemned and destroyed between 6th October 1760, and 24th May 1761 -3 Sep. To the Representatives of the late Sir and

al', for victualling the Forces in North America, from 26th March to 6th May 1761 - -

To the Representatives of Sir James Colebrooke and al', for

Flour for the Forces at New York and Canada, from 26th

March to 6th May 1761 -

To D®, for Fresh Meat and Flour, for the Forces at Lan-casier and Carlisle, (Ac. in North America* from 26th November 1760, to 25th March 1761 -

To D®, for Provisions, shipped by Order of Genl. Amherst for the Troops embarked on an Expedition - -

To D® for D®, which being damaged by various Accidents in several Parts of North America, were condemned and destroyed as unfit for the Troops.

1,211 19 2

12 10

30,000 — —

1,606 12 9

24,538 18 4

12,054 10 7

1,200 *7 11

8S1 18 8

6,233 8 10

9,593 3 XI

6x7 I5 4

24,016

4,569

4,35*

16

lx Aug.

24th

x OB.

19th

4,573 4

l86 2 — -

924 4 XO

'S*'1S 18 3

355 14

7>85*

io>589

1 4

5

77* *5 *1

To|., 2(

To

4

7o

9° Decembr

A. 1.761,

Date* of Warrants.

1761.

To D°, for Provisions issued by them to the Troops in America, from 7th May to 17 th June 1761, both inch To D% for Provisions issued by them to the Troops in the Western District, (Ac. in D° Country -

4.991 7 9

1,73s *0 —

196,711 1

33*458 6

Voted, upon Account, for victualling Quebec

Remains to be provided for.

16 Jan. To Chauncy Townsend, Esquire, for victualling 785 Men of M. G. Barrington's Regt. in Nova Scotia, from 24th September 1760, to 25th December following,

1,825 2 6

4,960 6 6

inch

To Sir IVm. Baker, for victualling the Forces in D® (exclusive of D° Regt.) from 7th July 1760, to 31st following,

inch -

10 Feb. To Sir IVm. Baker, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia (exclusive of M.Genl. Barrington's Regt.)from iff 1760, to 23d November following ..

10 July. To D®, for D® Service, from 24th November 1760, to 25th De-

cember lollowing - -

11 Aug. To D°, for Insurance of Provisions issued to the Forces in

Nova Scotia, from 6th A 1759, to 25th December 1760

1761.

Voted, on Account, for victualling No. Scotia -Remains to be provided for

7,017 16 6

4,046-----

3>954 13 "

21,803 18 6

11,529 8 9

828-----

774 -

2 Jan. To Mr. Woodford, for victualling 360 Men in the Garrison of Annapolis Royal, from 1 ft July 1760, to 30th following -

% Feb. To D\ for D® Service, from 1st October 1760, to 25th December following -

1761. -

14 Jan.To Chauncy Townsend, Esquire, for Provisions for 125 Men, in the Detachment

of Artillery, doing Duty in several Parts of from 24th

1760, to 25th December following, both inclusive - - 578 2 6

To D\ for Insurance of Provisions supplied the Augmentations to M. G. Barrington's Regt. and Train of Artillery, doing Duty in Newfoundland, from 24th March 1760, to 25 th December following -

19 May. To D°, for victualling 367 Men in D°, from 26th December 1760, to 23d March 1761 -

10 July.To C. Townsend, Esquire, for victualling 3C7 Men in

foimdland, from 24th March 1761, to 23d June following

601 740 2

773 1$

8 6

4 2

163,252 14 5

i<V74 9 9

1,602 — —

3 June. To the Representativesof the late Sir James Colebrooke, and A. , Esquire,

upon.Account, for victualling the Garrison of from 3th January

1761, to 1 ft February following ----- 507 11 2

\ July. To D®, for thelikeServ.ee, from 2d February to 1 ft March 1761 493 — 7

30th To D®, for the like Service, from 2d to 29th March 1761 - 534 — 6

10 Oil. To D®, for the like Service, from 30th of March to 21ft

June 1761 - ' 7 - - - i,8oS 2 6

1761. __ -

16 Jan. To Mr. Budd, for Half a Year, ending 14th September 1760, for keeping in Store Provisions in the Cattle of Jersey - - .- - - 23436

22 May. To D°, for D°, ending 14th February 1761, for the like Service

in the Cattles of Guernsey - - - - 23436

26 Aug. To DJ, for D°, ending 14th August 1761, for the like Service

in D® Cattles - 134 3 6

To D®, for D®, ending 24th March 1761, for the like Service

in the Cattle of Jersey ----- 234 3 6

1761. -

16 Jan. To A. Frafer, in Advance, for furnishing Wood and Straw, (Ac. to the Drees

encamped in the Summer 1760 - - - -

li Feb. To Mr. John Willan, in discharge of the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for furnishing Bread, Bread Waggons, (Ac. to the Forces encamped in 1759 -20 July. To Messrs. Martyr and Boghurst,-on Account, for furnishing Bread, Forage, Wood, (Ac. to the Forcesencamped in Great Britain, in the Summer 1761 - - - 5,000 ——

17 Nov. To D*, for the like Service - - - - 3,000 — —

1761. - -

10 A far.To Mr. Bowerbank, for providing and repairing divers Utensils in the Garrison

of Portsnouth, and for maintaining the Bedding the re -

2,693 8 6

3,341 14 9

936 14 —

3,000 -

9>95+ 13 —

8,000 — 710 n

3

To

>2 Geo. Ill*

q° Decembr

7*

pates of Warrants.

1761.

i 3 Af

26 A

28 th

51

.5

26 3 FVL

10 Aug. 1760.

20

176 T

48 7" j-1760.

To Mr. limine/tope, upon Account, to provide Coals and Candles for the Barracks ar Plymouth - -- -- - 1,000 — -7-

To D®, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &c. for

1>" BaTacks - - - - 247 18 —

To D\ for Coals and Candles for D° Barracks - - - 500 — —

To Sir John Afy/ne, to provide 218 Chaldrons of Coals for the Garrison of Guen/cy ——

T Govr. Ball, for Coals provided for Major Campbell's Carps at Jersey To D®, for D° provided for Major Genl. Gray's Regiment at Ditto To P- 1 hirknefe, Esquire, for Coals and Candles for the Forces

at Landguard Fort - . - - - 171187

To D®, for the like Service - - - - £76 48

To Captain Geo. Brifac, for providing Coals and Candles for the Use of Chatham

Barracks ----- - 399 14 4

To D°, for providing D°, for the Guard Room, Chatham Lines - -

662

9 4

19 Jub' the Duke of Dorset, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Cattle with Coals and Candles, (Ac. from 24th June 1759, to 24th June 1760 -

8 Jan. To M. G. Noel, for providing Coals and Candles for the Second Battalion of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, at the Tower, for the Year 1760 -

1761.

13 Mar.

1760.

8 Nov.

in Dee.

1761.

14 Jan.

10 Mar. 13th 8 Apf.

18th

18 May.

25th

5 J

28

2 licp.

25th

15

1760.

To H is Majesty’s Proportion of 586 Chaldrons of Coals, for the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To Camp Necessaries for the following Corps, viz.

Two Augmentations to the Light Troop of Lt. Gl.

CholmUy's Dragoons - - - - 93148

Third Division of lndt. Companies, commanded by

Captain Needham - - - 286 17 4

Two lndt. Companies - - - 64 12-

Augmentation to the late Sir John Cope's Dragoons - 231 1

Lord Robt. Manners's Regiment of Foot - - - 19510

Licit. Col. Coote'sFoot - - — - r 131 10

Pi 1 Harry Erjline's D* - - - - 604 19

Sundry Regiments in Germany - - - - 6,231 13

Part of an Augmentation to the Earl of Albemarle's Dragoons -

Duke of Richmond's Foot - - , -

Earl of Panmure's D® - '

Lt. Gl. Howard's D® - - - - -1 -

Fourth Division of Independent Companies -Fifth Division of D® - s - - -.

Major Gl. Rofcawen's Foot -

Lieut. Gl. Whitmore's D® -

Major Byng's Battalion of Foot -

Lord Charles Manners's Foot -

64-----

399 1 8

190 3 6

399-' 2 —

173-----

286 17 4

360 15 — 604 19 5 219 — 6

399 1 8

11 Ocl. To Bas Horses for "the Fourth Division of Independent Companies -

26 Nov.To D®, for Four Troops of Lt. Col. Burgdyne's Dragoons -

1761.

14 Jan. To Bas and Baggage Horses and 200'* Forage for the Sixth Di-

vision of lndt. Companies - -

3 Feb. To Bas Horses for the undermentioned Corps,

Lieut. Col. Stuart's - - - " 130-----

Lieut. Col. Gray's - - - 'no-----

13 Alar. To D®, for Col. RuJ,one's, and Lt. Col. Mtrgan's Battalions -

24th To Bas and Baggage Horses, and 200'" Forage for 5 Com-- pan.es of Major Gl. Crauford’s Foot -

15 A say. To D®, for Major Campbell's Batt. of Foot -

To D®, for Two Companies of Foot -

18th To Bas Horses for Major Gl. Bofcawen'sFoot -

9 July. To Bas and Baggage Horses, and 200'" Forage for One C® of Maj. Campbell'^ Battalion -a6 0<7. To D®, for Major Byng's Battalion -

Vol. 29.

90-----

40-----

455 -

240-----

360-----

496 5 —

380 5 — 216 15 — 190 — —

82 10 — 508 15 —

1,747 18 —

627 — — 247 10 — 247 10 —

448 3 3

L062 3 8

*49 13 it

354 ~

1,523 iz —

10,936 — 6

59 10 —

T.

9° Decembris.

7*

Dates of Warrants.

X760.

11 Oft. To Baggage Horses for the Fourth Division of Indept. Companies t

t6 Nov. To D8, for Four Troops of Lt. Colonel s Dragoons

*761.

3 Feb.To D8, for the undermentioned Battalions,

Lieut. CoL Stuart'% - - - £.172 10 —

Lieut. Col. Gray's - 5°-

Mar- To Col. Rufane's, and Lt. Col. Morgan's Battalions -18 May. To D\ for Major 01. Bofcas Foot -1760.

11 Oft. To 200*' Forage for the First: and Third Battalions of the First Regt. of Foot Guards, and the First* Battalions of the fir earn and Third Regiment of Foot Guards -To D8, for the 4th Division of Indt. Companies, commanded by Cant. Rarr -

vox, 10 — 40 — —

ail IO — 1

466 5 —

5 —

231

i,910-----

180-----

rj6t.

3 H

To D8, for the undermentioned Battalions, Lieut. Col. Stuart's -Lieut Col- Gray’i -

£.340 -

3°o-----

x 3 Man To D8, for Col. Rufanc'and Lt. Col. Morgan's Battalions 18 May. To D% for Major Gl. Bofca Foot - -

640-----

885-----

455 -

ra Mar. To Forage for the General and Staff Officers in North Britain 383 — — 26 June. To D8, for the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the

Hospital - -- -- - 3,580 — — r

2^ Sept. To 200e* Forage to Major Gl. Barrington, in Lieu of his Proportion on the Expedition to Guadeloupe 100 12

5 Oft. To Forage for the General and Staff Officers attending the

Forces in No. Britain ----- 385 — —

1760. ——

19 Apr. To 82* Offreckonings for the additional private Men of the First Regiment of

1761. Foot Guards - 242 4 10

9 June. To 294"* ()8, for the Additionals to Lt. Gl. s and

Honywood's Regiment of Horse - - - 1,771 7 —

1760. -

10 Dec. To Grass Money for 124 Horses, of the Light Troop of Lt. Gl. Bland's Dra-

10 Dec.

20th

1761.

3 F 26th

4 Mar.

goons, for 20 Weeks To 20 Weeks Gtais Money, for the following Regiments of Dragoons, in the Summer 1760,

1.0id Ancram's Light Troop - -

To 20 Weeks G.rafs. Money, fgr the following Regiments of Dragoons, in the Summer 1760,

Lt. G!. Mofiyn’s Light Troop -Lt. Col. Bu/goyne’s Regiment

Lt. (jJL Conway's Light Troop

IValdegrave's D°

Lt. Coh Hales Regiment Lord| Aber dour'sD" - -Lt. Gl. Campbell's Light Troop Chdmley's D8 Sir John Mordaunt's D* -Marquis of Granby's Regiment 1 oth Sir Robert Rich's D8 - -

To Grass Money, for the following Qorps of Dragoons, in the Summer 1761,

26 Oft. Lord Aberdour's Regiment

Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's D8 Earl of Albemarle',% Light Tropp

Lt. Gl. Mofiyn's D* -

J1 Nov. Earl of Albemarle's Regiment -Sir Charles Howard's Light Troop

1761. To the Marches of the following Corps, viz.

26 Feb. Capt. Mafi'ers'sXndt. Co., of Foot Wood's Ditto

Jenkin's D8 Daniel's -

Ncjbitt's -

Richard's - -

Ross s ——

Brewer's -

325 IO —

322 17 6

322 17 1,586 14

6

2

322 17 6

352 4 1°

1,846 1 1

294-----

352 4 *0 352 4 10 352 4 10 l>i76 5 3 1,382 17 6

a94-----

1,701 322 17

- 322 l7 6

m L582 l7 6

» 3*2 17 6

28 6 5

58 J5 9

5l 7 n

60 1 2

m 42 4 9

m 48 H 5

m 40 H 2

56 16 4

A. 1761.

1,162 10 —

4»°7°-----

4,450 12 —

2,013 xi xo

l3»735 9

Legeyt's

3 Geo. III.

90 Decemb

73

Dates of Warrants. 1761. 26 Feb.

17 M 6 Apr. 20th

26 June.

10 July. 17 th 28th

10 Am, 12th 17th a Sep. I e

24th

1761. 29 Apr. 1760. 24 Dec,

1761.

3

4 Mar. 10th

17 th

18 Apr.

5 June.

22d

6 July.

10th

1760. 24 Dec.

1761.

4 Jan.

29

4 Mar.

12th 3 June. *7

23 &/>

*761.

9 Jot.

7 Frf.

toth

Legeyt's -LUfy's -

Chetwoode's -

Berclay’s - -

Nesham’s

Lieut. Col. Morris's Battn. of Highlanders Fourteen Indt. Companies of Foot -Five Ditto -

1760

VOL.

Capts. Townsend's and Haye's Indt. Companies Capt. IValcott's Indt. C®

Johnson's D® -

Capts. Fletcher and Davers's D*

Capt. Slorach's D® -

Ten Indt. Companies -Capt. Paw left's Indt. C" -

Five indt. Companies - -

Capt. Clciland'% Indt. C® -

Tyrwhitt's -

Peters’s - -

Capts. Rooke's and Lacey's -

Capt. Tulloch’s -

Knox's - -

- 63 *4 2

- - 47 19 6

- - 54 1 9

- - 37 8 9

- - 6© 12 8

- 1,19* '5 11

- 1,018 5 2

a * ' - 231 — —

24th 'Dec.

495 11 2

- 122 *4 3

- - 42 5 3

28 6 10

- - 84 l6 10

- 3a 9 9

- - 566 9 t

- - 48 — 8

- - 207 9 7

- - 47 7 6

62 15 10

-» - 48 10

- - *47 10 —

IOI 8 1

n - 76 4 5

To Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for 408 Men, of the Marquis of Granby’sDiagoooos, at £. 5. 16. 9. a Man, including Package, &V.

To replace Arms and Accoutrements of Major Genl. Wat Jon's Regiment of Foot, loft, or rendered unserviceable, on the Expedition to Guadeloupe

To replace D® of Lt. Gl. Stuart's Regiment loft in Germany -To replace D®of Lt. Gl Bland’s Regiment of Dragoon Guards To replace Horses of Elliott’s, and 1 D® of Genl. IValdegrave's Aid de Camp, loft in 1759 To replace Arms of Lord Malpas's Regiment -To replace Horses of Sir Chas. Howard's Regiment of Dragoon Guards -

To replace D° of Lt. Gl Bland's D° -To replace D° of Sir John Mordauns Dragoons, in 1759 To replace Swords and Accoutrements of the Earl of Home's Foot, loft in Germany in 1759 -

To replace D® of the No. British Regiment of Dragoons To replace D® of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons To replace D® of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards To replace D® to the 3d Regiment of Horse -

72 17 10

606 13 8

928 18 5

60-----

59 H

270 — — 283 a — 335 »o

828 12 8

160 1 4

363 17 4 160 1 a

240 2 9

472 10 —

3°

555

*3 4

To 1S9'1* Pay of Major Gl. Durand, as Major General, with One Aid de Camp to 27th Feb. 1760 -

To 92'" Pay of Mr. Monod, as Chaplain to the Governor of Guadeloupe, to 24th Dec. x759 To the Pay of 7 Deputy Commissaries in South Britain To the Pay of Genl. and Staff Officers on the Expedition against Quebec -

To 347d* Fay of Lt. Col. Carleton, as Deputy Qur. Master Genl. on D® Expedition, to 24th December 1759 -To Col. Prevojl, for his Allowance of Pay and Forage, as a Brigadier Genl. in No. America -

To 714*" Pay of George Munro, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, to 24th June 1761 To 366'" Pay of Lt. Col. Rickfon, as Deputy Quarter Mat ter Genl. in D°, to 24th December 1760

3,990 10 —

347 -

G09 5-----

357 — —

91

10 —

*9<

To 911,5 Pay of Lieut. Col. Browne, as Commissary for exchanging PrKoners of War, to the 8th of December 1760 - - - - 273 — —

To 338H*® Pay of Mr. Boyd, and his Secretary, to 3 ift December

1760, as Commissary for muttering the HtJJianTroops - 1,183 — —

To 2381" Pay of Rd. Pierson, Esq. as Supervisor of all the Commissaries for supplying Forage to the Army in Grr-n'.any, to 31 ft Dumber 1760 - - - 1,190 — —

T

5,204 8 t r 2,381 14 —

4>3^9 1 4

6*939 3 4

To

74

90 Decembris. To 56*’® Pay of Mr. Hurler, as Superintendent of Forage to D° Army, to 13th April 1760 - 36q — —

To 244d* Allowance to Thomas Halsey, as Commissary of Comptroll to D® Army, to 31st Dec. 1760 Ck> K> 1 1

To 244* Allowance of Sir James Cockburne, as Commissary of Comptroll to the Army in Germ, to 31st Dec. 1760 - 732

To 47 7ri* Pay of Mr. Guiguer, as Commissary for the Exchange of Prisoners of War, to 24th June 1761 To 279dl Allowance to Fred. Halsey, as Commissary of Comptroll to the Army in Germany, to 31 ft Dec. 1760 238 10 —

837

To 206ds Allowance to Edwd. Bla as D®, to D®, ending D® Time ----- 618

To 123d* Allowance of Mr. Hatton, as Deputy to Mr. Hunter, to \fi May 1760 ----- 375

A. 1

Dntes of Warrants.

1761.

4 Mar.

4 Mar.

13 th 17th

25 Apr.

To 244'* Allowance of D®, as Commissary Genl. attending the Combined Army, to 31st December 1760 -

& May. To 143d* Allowance to Lt. Col.' Browne, as Commissary for exchanging Prisoners of War, to 30th 1761 -25th To Lieut. Col. James Johnston, to enable him to proceed to the Combined Army, as Commissary for muttering the Foreign Troops therein -

23 June. To John Levelt, upon Account, for his Pay, as Commissary

of Comptroll to D® Army -

To Thomas Pownal!, upon D®, as D® to D® -

To David Cuthbert, upon D°, as D® toD°

24 July. To 161* Pay of Mr. Hatton, as Commissary Genl. in D"

Army, to 10th June 1761....

To I6o<l, Pay of RJ. Pierson, Esquire, as before, to 9th June

1761

To i6id* Pay of Sir James Cockburne, as before, to 10th of June 1761

30 July. To i6ld* Pay of Fred. Halsey, asbefore, ending 10th June 1761 To i6id’ Pay of Thomas Halsey, as before, ending DJ Time -3 Sep. To 84'1 Pay of Henry Hatton, as Commissary of Accounts in the Army in Germany, to D® Time -

2,210 — —

429 -

500-----

273 — — 273 -

273-----

805-----

800-----

483-----

483-----

483-----

232

To 363d1 Pay of a Surgeon’s Mate, added to Capt. fVemyfs's Division of Independent Companies, from 25 December 1760 to 24th December 1761, at 3J. 6 d.a Day - - - 63 176

To z]6' Pay of a 2d Major, added to Lt. Col. s Battn.

from 24th of March 1761 to D®, at 13.?. a Day - - 207 — —

To 332d‘ Pay of a Chaplain, added to Lt. Col. Keith's Corps,

from 27th of Jan.- 1761 to D°, at 6s. 8 a Day - - no 13 4

To 214d* Pay of the Field and Staff Officers of a Corps of Highlanders, commanded by Major Colin Campbell, from 25 th May 1761 to D% at £. 1. 11. 2. a Day - 333 9 8

To 2i4d* Pay of a Corps of Rangers, commanded by Major

Jof. Goreham, from D® to D®, at £.13. 16. 4. a Day - 2,936 13 4

To 17 3d’ Pay of the Difference between the Pay of an Ensign in Captain IVemyfs's C®, added to M. G. Walsh's Regiment and that of a Lieut, being is.a Day, from 5 July 1761 to

D® Time -..... 813 —

To 183d* Pay of the Field and Staff Officers of a Corps of Infantry, commanded by Major Geo. Byng, from 25th- June 1761, to 24th December following, inch at 1. n. 2. a

Day - - 28336

To complete the Pay of the Field and Staff Officers of Lt. Col.

Burton's Corps, from 25th Feb. 1761, to 24th December following, inclusive - 151 10 ——

To 104^ Pay of the Field and Staff Officers of a Corps of Infantry, commanded by Major Wedderburn, from 12th

September 1761, to D®, at £.1.n. 2. a Day - - 162 1 4

To 112d‘ Pay of an Indt. Company, commanded by Capt.

MacDougalyiiom 4th September 1761,to D°,at£. 3. 5. 8. a Day - . - 591 14 8

To 335^: Allowance to the Lieut. Colonel and Major of Lt.

Col. Monfons Battalion, in Lieu of Companies, from 2 4t h January i 761, to 24th December foil, inch at \os. a Day each 333 - — —

To 345d‘ Pay of the GlamorganfhireBattalion of Militia, from 14th Jan. 1761, to 24th Drr-fbllowing, at j£. 19. — 10. a Day - - 6,569 7 6

12,812 xo —

1.

5,205 18 4 To

9® Decembris.

75

2 Geo. IE

Dates of Warrants.

1761.

1760.

24 D

1761.

14

10 Mar.

28 July.

1760.

8 Nov. io Dec.

1761.

14 Jan.

20 Feb. 10 Mar.

8 Apr.

13 th

1761.

13 May.

10th

25th

22 June.

6 July.

10th

28th

7 A

10 th

2 Sep. 11th

24 Off. 26th

1760.

24 Dec.

1761.

15 Apr.

25 May.

To 26 J*ay of the Northern Batt. of the Mi-

litia, from 4th Apr. 1761, to D®, at £. 17. 15. 8. a Day -

To an addit. Allowance, for Clothing for the Cumberland Militia -

To D°, for the Lancafhin D* - -

To an additional Allowance, for Clothing for the Glamorgan-/hireMilitia ——

To D°, for the North Battalion of the Gloucestershire D*

To the Marches of the following Militia Corps, viz.

Flintshire, to 24th June 1760-N° Batt. of the Hampshire -

Norfolk -

2d Battalion of the DevonJJdre -

Clevland and Bulmer, to 23d of June 1760 Richmoudshire - -

Warvuickshire, to 24th June 1760 S3 Battalion of the Lincolnjhirt, to 24th December 1760 N° Battalion of D°, to D° Time -Cheshire, to 31st Off. 1760 -

Dorsetshire, to 24th Dec. 1759 - -

Huntingdonshire, to 24th June 1760 -IViltshire, to«24th December 1760- - - < -

Caermarthenshire, to D° Time -TIertfordshire, to 20th Dec. 1760 West Riding of Yorkshire, commanded by Col.

to 24th of December 1760 -

West Riding of Yorkshire, commanded by Sir George Saville

Warwickshire, to 24th-Dec. 1760 -

To the Marches of the following Militia Corps, viz.

S3 Battalion of the Gloucestershire, to 24th of December 1760 % Denbighshire, to 4th March 1761

ift Battalion of the Devonshire, to 24th June 1760 -

Pembrokeshire, to D* Time -

2d Battalion.of the Essex, to D® Time -

East Riding of Yorkshire, to 24th June 1761 Rutlandshire, to 24th Dec. 1760 -

Bedjordshire - -

/ Glamorganshire, to 24th June 1761 -

Western Batt of the Suffolk, to 24th December 1760 -JVanoickshire, to 24th June 1761 W ejlmoreland, to D° Time

Leicestershire, to D° Time Eastern Battalion of the Suffolk, to D° - -

Durham, to 24th AUguJl 1761

West Riding of Yorkshire, commanded by Col. Finch, to 1 ft Sep. 1761 - - -

Fluniinvdonshire, to 24th June 1761 -West Kent, to D° -

To Camp Necessaries for the Wiltshire Militia, 1759, and repairing the same in 1760 - -

To D® for the Dorsetshire D® ——

To repairing and completing Camp Necessaries of the South Battalion of the Gloucestershire -22 June. To Camp Necessaries for the S° and North Battalion of the Gloster Militia - . - -

2 Sep. To D®, for the BerkshireMilitia it Off. To D®, for the Use of the Militia

15 th To D3, for the Huntingdonshire -

To D°, for the Dorsetshire - - . - -

To D®, for th z lViltJkire- -

1761.

Vol. 29

To 1 codl Foragejfor the following Militia Corps, viz, Cheshire - - - r - - ,

Redfordshire -

Huntingdonshire....

4»7Ji I! 8

392 *9 2

926 5 —

421 18 4

43 8 5 —

109 _ 5

149 12 6

334 5 5

262 9 3

104 *4 5

106 *7 6

444 5 6

114 16 8

144 8 6

321 *5 5

294 12 —

161 4 — -

485 16 1

79 *4 6

422 *3 11

394 9 7

158 6 3

*93 *5 6

554 *9 1

i53 *3 5

90 *9 5

103 12 1

283 16 5

90 10 —

102 18 6

126 7 11

92 *5 8

285 9 —

1 7 6 4

162 11 9

120 4 3

244 6 3

"3 *4 3

3*3 16 8

208 5 —

170 10 6

ing the same in

54i 2 4

*95 8 3

63 18 5

443 10 4

138 16 0

a.445 5 6

.78 8 6

122 3 9

l88 2 2

*97 to

*35 —

*45 —

11,281

2,179

7,618

4,316

19 A

7 6

13 II

13 6-

wutjhin

76

Dat^s of Warrants. l/6l.

15 J«

to Feb.

21ft

3 June.

1761.

3 FV5.

10 Mar.

6 /fyr.

6 J

11 Nov.

5 Mar.

26 Aug.

17 Mar. zi Apr.

10 On.

2 Jan. 19 0#.

3 Jan-

17 Fr5.

aoth

25th

27th 2 Apr.

13 Afay.

22(1 23 7«e’.

1761.

6 May.

22d

9

14 July

20th

30th

6 Aug.

19 Sep.

1 0,7. 19th 1761.

6 J

u)on.

90 Decembr.

Wiltjhirt.....- 197 10 — -

Dorsetshire.....207 10 —

S° Battalion of the Gloucestershire -292 10 — Berkshire - 175 — —

S° Battalion of the Hampjfiire - - - - 130 — —

1,480-----

To ioo<l‘ Forage to the Lancashire Militia - - - 182 10 —

To jood‘ D° to the Warwickshire D°j - - - - 18210 —

To Mr. Gardner, for Necessaries for the Forces in No. Britain, and for Charges of the Encampments there -

To fVm. Caulfield, Esquire, for repairing the Roads and Bridges in No. Britain,

for 1761 ----- - 500 — —

To D®, upon Account, towards making and building Bridges

in D® Country* in the Year 1761 - 5.604 12 8

To Mr. Lefiie, for Oattneal, Firing, Candles, t$c. for the Forces in several Forts in North Britain, from 25th December 1759, to 24th December 1760 -To Mr. Cathcart, Director of the Hospitals, for providing Bedding, isle, for the

Forces on the Expedition under M. G. - - 4,500-----

To D®, on the same Account ----- 2,000 — — -

To D®, for Bedding for the Hospitals for the Forces in

Belleifie - - - 3,800 — —

To D®, upon Account, for the Forces in Great Britain - 4,100 — —

1 —

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines and Materials for the Forces, in

the Year 1760 - - - - . - - 6,607- 2 9

To D®, for Medicines, for the Years 1760 and 1761 - - 6,764 12 —

To Benjamin Martin, Etq. for Presents to the Indians bordering on Georgia To satisfy and di (charge a Bill of Exchange drawn by the late Earl of Home, Governor of Gibraltar, for the Service of that Garrison -To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by M. G. Par flow, Gov.

of Gibraltar, for the Service of that Garrison -To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Gov. Newton, for the

Purchase of a Sloop for the Garrison of Goree - - 90-----

To D®, for the like Service - - - - 140 — —

To satisfy and discharge a Bill drawn by Gov. Me hi A, on Account of the contingent Expences of the Government of Guadeloupe - 300 — —

To satisfy and discharge several Bills drawn by D®, for the

like Service - - 3,460 — —

To D®, as before - - - - 2,500-----

To D®, as before - - - - . - - 4,000 — —

To D°, as before . - 1,000 — —

To D®, as before ----- 400 — —

To D®, as before ----- - 300 — —

To D°, as before - - - ----- - 700-----

To D", as before - 400 — —

To satisfy and discharge several Bills drawn by Gov. Dalrymple, on Account of the contingent Charges of the Government of Guadeloupe 5,?68 16 7

To D°, as before - - 610 — —

To D®, as before - - 2,175 4 —

ToD®, as before ----- - 1,600 — —

To D®, as before ----- - 560 — —

To D", as before ----- - 1,100 — —

To D®, as before ----- - 2,500 — -

To D®, as before ----- - 700 — -

To D°, as before ----- - 1,000 — -

To D®, as before - 4,302 8 5

To D®, as before - - - - 600-

To MelTrs. Hut chinfon, Mure, and C®. to satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn by

Henry Moore, Eftpiire, Lieut. Gov. of ‘Jamaica, for the Service of the Musquito Shore - -

To satisfy and discharge a Bill drawn by Lord Rollo, Gov. of Dominica, for sundry contingent Charges of that Colony

A. 1761.

1,845 — — 1,428 n

6,104 1* 8

3,195 9

14,400 — —

J3»37» 14 9

1,500 — —

2,569 8 11

1,225 8 11

230 — -p~

13,060-----

22,516 9 —

237 4 — 350 — — To

2 Geo. IIL

9° Decembris.

77

r

Pates of Warrants*

1761.

9 Fe

1761.

14 J

3 Feb.

1 Mar.

4th

10th 10 Mar.

27 Apr.

29th 3j May.

3 Jane. 1 ft July.

1 oth

1761. 16 Jan.

30 July.

11 Aug. 17th

2

1 OEl. 5‘h 24th

26th

To Mr. Vardy, for Work and Repairs at , and Hampton

Court, in the Year 1760 *' - - - 714 19 2

To D#, for the like Service at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard,

Savoy, Somerftl House, £sV. in the above Year - - 294 16 —

To Maj. Gl. Hodgson, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief on an Expedition -

To Mr. Cox (Secretary to Lord Ligonier) in Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him for the Service of the Army -

To John Tufton Mason, Esq. being the Balance of his Account, as Governor of Fort Lezvis in Africa - -

To M. G. Watson, for the like Sum expended by him, in settling and visiting the Encampments in Great Britain, in the Year 1760 -

To Lieut. Gl. Napier, for the like Sum expended by him for the Service of the Army -

To Lieut. Gl. Stuart, towards the Expence of completing his Regiment of Foot, Drafts from other Regiments - -

To Lieut. Col. Worge, to be by him paid over to the Regiments that furnished by Drafts to form his Battalion -

To Majoi Blake, for Commission and Non Commission Officers, who conducted Drafts to Germany -

To Sam1. Tewksbury, for Hire of Ground near Winchester, in which Part of the Forces were incamped last Summer -

To Capt. William Dalrymple, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services To the Marquis of Granby, being the Expence of fending Arms and Tents to Germany, for his Regiment ——

To D°, for repairing the Clothing of the Royal -

To Messrs. Weald and Carleton, for transporting and victualling Drafts, sent from Dublin to Whitehaven, to recruit the Army in Germany -To Wm. Whitehead and C®, to satisfy a Bill drawn by Capt. Davis, for the Use of a Detachment of Colonel Bagley’s Provincial Regiment, obliged to put into Antigua by St refs of Weather, between 26th January r/01, aid the 9th of March following ——

To Anthony Bacon, Esq. for several Quantities of Goods, supplied by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Garrison of Senegal, and for the Hire of a Sloop for said Garrison - 1,408 1 7

To D°, for various Goods supplied by him, and consigned to

the Governor of Senegal, for the Negro Princes there . - 2,528 8 —

To Sir Geo. Colebrooke and A. NeJbitt, Esq. towards the Costs on Money remitted to Louijbourg, for the Subsistence of the Garrison there To Brig. Genl. James Murray, Governor of Quebec, as a Gratuity To an extraordinary Allowance of Bounty Money, to Recruits enlisted for Major Genl. Hodgson’s Regiment -

To George Corryn, Esq. being the Balance of his Account, as Purveyor to the Hospital at Guadeloupe -

To John Ca/craft&tq. foraddit. Clothing for 3 Independent Companies of Lord Lindores’s, and t Company of M. G. Parker’s Regiments of Invalids To Rd. Cox, Esq. to be by him paid over to the Master Gunners, and Gunners, in the new Batteries and Lines near Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham Lines To the Contingent Dilburl'ements of Capt. Dodd's Independent Company -To Sir John Mylne, Bart, for the Hospital Expences of the Invalids in Guernsey, from September 1757, to September 1761 To Samuel Lee, Surgeon, in Consideration of his curing ruptured Soldiers, for the Year 1761 ——

To the Pay of Supernumerary Captains, to 24th June 1761 -

1,009 1 4

1.000 — —

320 — — 2,669 16 6

ll39 4

435 -

1,417 8 1

2.000 — —

443 6 6

*4 4 —

300 — —

71 14 4

454 1 4

1,019 15 1

25* 14 3

3>936 9 7

2,834 8 8

1,000 — —

97 9 —

29 2 5

781 3 2

265 10 — 77 611

279 2 7

300 — — 2,630-----

1760.

16 & 19

Dec.

'I

EXPEDITION under the Command of Lieut. General Kingsley.

27 Nov. To Mr. Tho. Cheap, Commissary of Stores, for Scales and Weights, £sV.

necessary for his Employment - -- 20 99

To Lieyt. Genl. Kingsley, as Commander in Chief, for 55'" from 26th 0C7. 1760, to 19th December following, both

inch.....- - - - 550 — — '

To 55d‘ Pay of the Genl. and Staff Officers, from D® to D® 577 10 — To 53d* Pay of One Assistant to the Deputy Adjutant Genl. and Two Afliftaats to the Deputy Quarter Master Genl. from D® to D° - - 35 15 —

To 55d* Pay of 3 Assistants to the Brigrs. General, from

D® to D® - - 41 5 —

Vol. 29,

V

To

1

78

90 Decembris.

A. 1761.

Dates of Warrants.

176°.

16 Dec. To paid Col. Draper (Deputy Qur. Mr. Genl.) his Bill or

Disbursements - - 26183

To Mr. Henry Roberts, for providing Fafcines, Gabions, and

Picketts ----- - 700 13 6

19th To 55" Pay of Mr. Cheap, Commissary of Stores, from D'

to D®.....- - 82 10 —

To Major Bozvyer, Secretary to the Commander in Chief, for

his Disbursements - 41192

1761. EXPEDITION under the Command of Major Genl.

to the 13th of O 1761.

Mar. 25 To Capt. Barton, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Tone-raire, for Freight, at 1 per Cent, on £. 118,742. 1. 7. for the Use of the Forces -

26th To Wm. Young, Esq. upon Account, for the Use of the Hof-pitals ——

Apr. 30 To Chas. Bembridge, Esq. Deputy Pay mailer to the Expedition, for fundrv Expences attending his Employment May. 14 To Major Genl. Hodgson, for 9id' Pay, as Commander in Chief, from 14th Jan. to 14th April 1761 -

17th To Mr. P. Butt, for Candles, Wood, (Ac. for the Use of the Forces -

23d To T. A. Pincke, Esq. for Mon;es disbursed for secret Services -

To 91^ Pay of the Genl. and Staff Officers, from 14th Jan.

1761, to 14th April following -To Lt. Col. Sir T. S. Wilson, Bart, for 9U’ addit. Pay, as Depty. Adjt. General, from D® to D® -To Ens. Morgan, for 9id* Pay, as Assist. to the Deputy Quar.

Mr. GenL for the same Time -To Lieut. Col. Lewis Thomas, for 91* addit. Pay, as Deputy Quar. Matter Genl. for the same Time - -

May 23. To Lt. Col. 57/o. Dejaguliersjfor 9'*’ Pay as a Brigr. Genl. from 6th to the 14th April 1761 -

To Capt. Lieut. Benjn. Stetreling, for 9'" Pay, as Major of Brigade, for D® Time -

June x 5. To Mr. Yeomans, for 10 Cords of Wood supplied by him 27th To Mr. Jas. Perrot, for Wood and Coals supplied by him -29th To Mr. Pincke, for Payment of sundry Carpenters, employed in erecting Batteries to carry on the Siege of Palais -30th To Mr. Thos. Townsend, for Wood and Coals supplied by him To Mr. Rd. Short, for the like Service -July 2. To Wm. Young, Esq. upon Account, for the Use of the Hof-

pital - ....

4th To C. Bath, Esq. upon Account, for Repairs carrying on in Belleijle -

3th To Lt. Col. Jn" Jennings, for 42'’* Pay, as a Brigadier Genl. from th May to 14th June 1761 - - - ,

To Lieut. Col. Rabt, Douglas, as D®, for the same Time 13th To Mr. Geo. Rogers, for Wood and Straw supplied by him To Mr. Pincke, for Premiums paid by him to the Companies of the Achilles and Super be Men of War, for Shot gathered by them in Belleijle -

13th To the Pay of sundry Assistant Engineers, employed between the 28 th of April and ift July 1761 - -

18th To 44<u Pay of Four Assistant D®, from 18th May to 30th June 1761

To 44* Pay of Carpenters, for the same Time 22d To 200®* Forage Money, allowed the General and Staff Officers -

3'ft To Mr. Pincke, for the Pay of additional Men from sundry Regiments, employed with the Artillery -

Aug 2. To C.Bath, Esq. for Repairs carrying on at Belleijle -

9th To D®, for D® Service - -....

10th To 91* Pay of Major Genl. Hodgson, from 15th April to 14th July 1761 To 91* Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the feme

lime - - - -....

To q td* Pay of Ens. Chas. Morgan, as Assistant to the Dep, Quv. Master General, for the feme Time

L s. d.

1,187 8 5

4C0 - — —

347 18 3

910-----

33 3 —

1C5 -

1,319 10 — 45 10 — 22 15 —

45 10 —

13 10 —

4 10 —

12 10 —

13 4

35 >4

49 4

789

400 — —

too-----

63-----

63-----

n __ M

33 J3 6

138 5

44-----

8 16 —

2,200 -

*52 *3 7 100-----

ICO-----

910 — — 1,729 — —

21 1$ —

2,077 — S

To

1

2 Geo. Ill,

9 " DecembriS'

Pate* of Warrants.

1761,

To 794' Pay of Ens. Gilbert Burd, as D", from 27th April

1761 tO D* - r To 914’ addit. Pay of Lieut. Col. Lewis as Deputy

Quar. Master Genl. from 15th April 1761 to D® -Ang. 10 To Lieut. Col. Sir S. fVilfon, Bart, for 91* addit. Pay, as Adjutant General, from 15th April to 14th July, 1761 1 ith To C. Bath, Esq. for the Pay of sundry Persons employed in the Magazines, from 2 2d April 1761, to 31st July foil. r - -

j 8th To Nath. Kmderjley, for the extraordinary Expence of a Detachment of Marines, employed in blowing up the Fortifications

To D\ for extra Pay of a Company of Marines, employed in the Siege of Palais - -

Sep. 4 To C. Bath, Esq. on Account, for Repairs carrying 'on at Belli>isle-----

5 th To IVm. Young, Esq. upon Account, for the Use of the Hospital -

To 7. A. Pincke, Esq. on Account of his contingent Expences, as Secretary to the Commander in Chief -OS. c To Pay of Major Jas. Stuart, as Deputy Quar. Master General, from 24th April 1761, to 5th October following To 165'*' addit. Pay to D\ as D®, for D® Time To Capt. pi. Sh/izve, as Aid de Camp to Colonel Rufane, as Major General, from,) 3th July 1761, to 5th O civ her following -

OB, 6 To S^*1* Pay of Capt, Ah*f. Wood, as Major of Brigade, from 15th July 1761, to 5th Oftobfollowing -

Tp Capt. Lieut. Jas. Mac Donald, as fourter de de Cour, for the same Time -

27th To C. Bath, Efy on Account of Repairs carrying on at Belleijle

War-Office, 9th December fj6f.

19 15 —

45 10 ~ 4j 10 —

*9 5 3

25 6« —

162 4 100 — — 400 — —

15 fs -

82 10 — 82 10 —

41 10 —

41 10 —

20 15 — 100-----

11,832 18 9

T I" — t

L353>66? 4 1

Q, Townjhend,

Vol. 29.

Ordered,

1

Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

Supply,

8o

90 Decembr.

1761.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, jesty and the Reigning Duke concluded and

to be perused by the Members of the House. signed the 14th of 1760; and Transition; which were presented to the I louie upon the 15th Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Day of; be referred to the said Committee,

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to That the Copy of the Llterior Convention

consider further of an Act, made in the 33d Year of his between His Majesty anu the Reigning Duke of Brunfiv:.-late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the ex- concluded and signed at 5th, 176c.;

cessive Ul'e of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional and of the Declaration thereto annexed *, and Translation; Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making which were presented to the I louse upon the 15th Day-Low Wines, and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or of April 1760; be refarecl to the said Committee

other Grain; and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Re-landing, or Importation thereof; with Regard to the Resolutions which were Yesterday re-committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 39,773 £.1,000,000 voted upon Account, for the Extraordi-Men, of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttel, Saxe Go- nary Services of the Combined Army in Germany, and of tka, and Count of Buckeburgg, from the 25th of Decern- £.1,000,000 illucd pursuant to the Power given by an her 1761, to the 24th of December 1762, both inciufive, Act, pasted in the lain Sdlion of Parliament, to enable Leing 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 22,404 War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjel, in Year 1761; and to take all such Mcafurcsas may bere-the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the cefTary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprifcs or Designs Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee. of His Enemies, and as the Exigency of Adairs may rc-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five quire; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee,

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration, referred to in the Ulterior Conventi n between His Majesty and the Duke of Brunjivick, signed at March 5th,

1760; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of 1760; be referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Coov of a Convention between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of,

concluded and signed at Brunjivick, the 10th 1761; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in and of the Fencible Men of Aand Lord land's Battalion of Highlanders, in North Britain-, from 25th 2)«rw/vv 1761, to 24th De 1762, both inclusive, being 363 Days; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the-Cloti.Ing f' . the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1762, be ref' :- d to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of

Battalions, serving with His Majesty's Army in Germany, each Battalion consisting of One Troop of Dragoons of 101 Men, and Four Companies, of 125 Men in each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761, to the 24th of December 1762, both inciufive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1,444 That they had come to ieverai Resolutions, which they Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reign- had directed him to report, when the House will please ing Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for to receive the same.

the Year 1762, pursuant to Treaties, be referred to the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow said Committee. Morning.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty bet ween His Ma- Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, jesty and the Landgrave of Hejje Cajjel, signed at Hano- That he was directed by the Committee to move that ver, June 18, 1755; and Translation; which were pre- they may have’Leave to fit again.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fuaher of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

fented to the House upon the 26th Day of November j 755; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave ot Hejfe Cajjel, concluded and signed at London, January 17, 1759; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejje Cajjel, concluded and signed at London,

the 17th January 1759; and Translation; which were pr;fented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His County of Westmoreland, and also a Knight of the Shire Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejje Cajjel, concluded and for the County of Cumberland, made his Election to signed at London, the ill of April 1760; and Transia- lervefor the County of

tion; which Were presented to the House upon the 15th Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Day of April 1760; be referred to the said Committee. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Ma- Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this prefen t

h

I.

Tire other Older of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the v, L >h House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

/--a k:t

vf

C.

Ways f nd

Means.

ft

Sir James Lowther, Baronet, being chosen a Knightof CumbahnJ the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the t.;)

K,

'i

'*.1

Li

0 Decembris.

KulleVs Pond, kc. Roads.

Berens*

Nat.

Halifax

Wster-works.

Tttistock

Roads.

i Geo. III. 9° — io

sent Parliament for the County of in the

room of the said Sir James Low.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Dec;

Anno 2* Georgii III'ii Regis, 1761.

P*AYERS.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, near Willoughby Hedge; and from West to

Anftlow Hill; and from Amefbury to and from the New Inn in Amejbury, to the End of the Parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to Cook's House, and

Land ford-, and trom Beacon Hill to the Nag’s Head; and from thence. One Mile of the Road leading to,

in the County of Wilts; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irgrofied.

- Sir John Glyntte reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Berens was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Lafcel/es presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, living in or near the Towns of Tavistock, Plymouth, Plymouth Dock, Okeh, and other Places in the County of Devon; and , Liskeard, and

Launceston, in the County of Cornwall-, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, across the Church Yard, to the lower Abbey Gate, over the River Tavy, through 5/. John's Lane, by Ash Farm House, and Sortridge Gate, to the North End of Horra; and

from the South End of the said Bridge, by certain Places called the Rock Jump, Knocker's Hole, and Gate,

to a Place called Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid; and from the said Place, called Manadan Gate, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by Lumborn Bridge, and Gulworthy, to the East End of New Bridge, in the said Parish of Ta-vstock, in the Road from Tavistock to Callington and Liskeard; at$d also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, through Milemead Lane, Lamerton Green, Tooldown, Milton Abbot, Church Town, and Feldown Head, to the East End of Grefton Bridge, in the; Parish of Dunterton, in the . Vol. 29.

Bt

Road from Tavistock to Launceston; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by IV> i/ig worthy Lane Head, and Beardon, to a Place called Downton Gate, in the Parish of Lidford, in the said County of Devon; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by Hardwick, and over Heathfield Dozen, to a Public House called Riccard's House, in the Parish of Lamerton, in the said County of Devon; are very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers; and, in many Places, so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass without the greatest Difficulty; and that the Streets of Tavistock aforesaid, leading to a Bridge called the East Bridge, across the River Tavy, adjo ning to the said Town of Tavijiock, in the present Road from Tavistock to Plymouth aforesaid, are very narrow and inconvenient; and that Carriages are frequently overturned, to the great Peril and Danger of the Traveller: But althpugh the repairing and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair; and the taking down the said Bridge, and building the same aero's the said River Tavy, at toe lower Abbey Gate in Tavistock aforesaid, will be of great public Convenience and Utility, yet the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament *. And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rigby, Mr. Aldworth, Sif Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Mr. Fitzwilliam, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Strange, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Maze bey, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Grant, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Gascoigne, Mr. Alderman Lord Grey, Mr. Burt,

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Serjeant Hewett, Mr. White, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bunbury, Mr , Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Lord Midlcton, Mr. Bull, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Starkie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Lord Conyngham, Mr. Brand, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Mr. Ward, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Dowdeswelt-, And all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Devon, and -

set: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Merten, in the County of Oxford, and Proprietor of Lands in the open and common Fields in the Township of Merton aforesaid; and of Richard Harrington, Esquire, a Proprietor likewise of Lands in the said open and common Fields; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners lie dispersed in the said open Fields; and being intermixed with the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rector and Fellows of Exeter College, in the University of Oxford, are, in their present Situation, in a great Measure, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, That if the said Fields were divided, and inclosed, and fe -parate Allotments made to the Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Properties and Interests therein, it would tend to the Benefit of the Parties concerned, as well as to the public Advantage; but that the feme cannot be efleded, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said PetitionAnd that the Lord Strange, Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

X for

Merton

Inclosure.

Clit^ero*

Writ.

8a

to* Decembris.

Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

Supply.

A’ 1761.

Importation of Salted Provisions.

for the Borough of Clitkeroe, tn the County of Lancaster, hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Sixteen. Shillings and Two

in the room of Thoms Lifter, Esquire, deceased. Pence Three Farthings, be granted to It is Majesty,

defraying the Charge of Thirty-nine thousand Seven

A Bill for the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, tod

uK\intVh.%K,mgdTm'foU-e*upSly suSe-

of HisM^ltys Sh.p, WMrtMd Other Ships in His , wi h of Ge,eral and Staff Officers.

Majesty s Service, was read a Second lime. .0. 11 & 1 j , n r a r.

tUfhvcd, That the Bill be committed. aftoally employed agunft the Common tneray in Con-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House,

cert with the King of from the 45th Day of De-

cember 1761, to the 14th Day of December 1762, both

d r 1 . jtu uM,<v,..:n <r n -\n inclusive; to be issued in Advance every Two Months,

Resolved, I bat this House will, upon Tuesday Morn* ... »; n / i m ^; r

;.Caif . Jc ft > , in like Manner as the Pay of the Hessian Forces now in

Hg T. '" h. rtf Ml C0In", UK of the Wh0le the Service of Great Britain; the faW Body of Troops Honle upon Ihe Cud Bill. t? be mufttred by an Er.glifl, Commiflhvy. and the effec

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- tive State thereof to be ascertained by the Signature of

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to the Commander in Chief of the said Forces, whom it was referred to consider further, with Regard Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the Resolutions which had been re-committed, the That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-eight Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, thousand Three hundred Sixty Pounds Eight Shillings An Act for preventing the excessive use of Spirituous and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for deirv.y-Liquors by laying additional Duties thereon; for short- ing the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty ening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spi- Horse, and Nine Thousand Nine hundred Foot, toge-rits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and ther with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for encouraging the Ex- the Hospital, and Officers ami others belonging to the portation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of securing the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing Hejfe Caff el, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hun-the fraudulent Re-landing, or Importation thereof; the dred Sixty-five Days, from the 25th Day of Deeem-Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to 1761, to the 24th Day of December 1762, both Days report to the House; which he read in his Place; and inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the Lid Time, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the pursuant to Treaty.

fame were read; and are as folleweth; viz.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-seven That, for every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or thousiuvd Seventy-one Pounds Five Shillings and Two Aqua Vita?, imported into Great Britain from beyond Pence, be granted to Ht6 Majesty, for defraying the

the Seas, not being the Produce of the British Colonies, Charge of an additional Corps of One thousand Five

there be paid by the Importer, before Landing, Six hundred Seventy-six Horse, and Eight thousand Eight Pence, over and above all other Duties, charged or hundred and Eight Foot, together with the General and chargeable thereon. Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the

That for every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe in the Pay of

above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, im- Britain, for 365 Days, from the First Day of

ported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, not be- nuary 1762, to the 31st Day of December following, both ing the Produce of the British Colonies, there be paid Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty, by the Importer, before Landing, One Shilling, over and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, above all other Duties, charged or chargeable thereon. That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand and The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Eight Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thou-agrped to by the House. land Four hundred Forty four Cavalry, and Two thou-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Land Three hundred and Thirty Infantry, the Troops of who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pur- the Reigning Duke of in the Pay of Great

suant to such of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday Brfor Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, from the last, were reported from the Committee of the whole 23th Day of December 1761, to the 24th Day of House, to whom it was referred to take into Considera- her 1762, both Days inclusive; together with the Sub-tion an Act made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his fidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaties, late Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing the ex- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cessive Use of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Five Duties thereon; for fhqrtening the Prohibition of mak- hundred and Four Pounds Six Shillings and Eight ing Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the or other Grain; and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for Charge of Five Battalions fining with His Majesty's encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; Army in Germany, each Battalion consisting of One and for more effectually securing the Duties payable Troop of One hundred and One Men, and Four Com-upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Re-landing panies of Foot of One hundred and Twenty-five Men in or Importation thereof; as were then agreed to by the each Company, with a Corps of Artillery, for Three House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, hundred and Sixty-five Days, from the 25th Day of

December 1761, to the 84th Day of December 176a, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Forty-three Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shil-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it lings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for de-was referred to consider further of the Supply grant- fraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the ed to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Com- several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible mittee had directed him to report to the House; which Men of and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the of Highlanders in North Britain, from the 25th Day of Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as December 1761, to the 24th Day of Dfhmber i]6a, folio we th; viz. both inclusive, being 365 Day*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

a Sum, not exceedingFourbundred Sixty-five thousand Six That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Seven hun-19 dred

pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which have been agreed to by the House,

Q:

c.

,'vl

k

tlJ

ft;,

J

A

terr

II

k

the

k

ki

it

i Geo. III. 10° — i j° Decembris* 83

dred and Six Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny, b€ And the Count'd were again called in.

granted to His Majesty upon Account, for defraying And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said

the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia, for Resolution.

the Year 1762. And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , That the further Hearing of the Matter of

That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Ma- the said Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Mom-jesty, to enable His Majesty to discharge the like Sum, ing. raised in Pursuance of an Act made in the kft Session of

Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread-waggons. Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, £siV. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of his Majesty’s Combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sttford The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of £Jeflion‘ the several Petit ions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of in the County of Sussex.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the iaft Determination of the House, made upon the ioth.Day of February 1670, concerning the Right of electing Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex (whereby it was resolved, that the Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen, had not only Voices in the Election, but that the Election was in the Populacy) was allb read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the

Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the lait Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and infilled, that in the said Determination of the House, the Words "Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen," mean such Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen only, as are resident within the said Town and Port; and that the Word " Populacy* means " Inhabitants at large of the Town and Port of Seaford,

" being Mailers of Families, and not receiving Alms.’* Then One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members was heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to shew that the Words " Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen," mentioned in the said Determination oif the House, of the 10th Day of February 1670, mean only such Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen, as are resident within the said Town and Port;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having ob-jeded to the Ad million of that Evidence, as being contrary to the said Determination of the House: And having been heard upon their said Objection;

The Counsel far the Petitioners were heard in Answer thereto.

And then tlieCounfel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to give Evidence; to shew, that in the said Determination of the House, the Words " Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen," mean such Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen only, as am resident within the said Town and Port;

It passed in the Negative.

Vox,. 29.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vimerisy n° die Decembris

Anno a° Georgii IIP Regis, 1761,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for repairing and widening the Wulfcn’s Roads from Muller!sPond, in the County o

ampon.,to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Roads. Salifbv.ry, near IVilloughby Hedge; and from bury to Anftlow Hill-, and from Amefbury to and from the New Inn in Amefbury, to the End of the Parish leading to Durr ing ton', and from Wily to Cook11 House and Land ford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag’s Head; and from thence. One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of Wilts-, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salijbttry, near Willoughby Hedge; and from West Amefbury to Anjllmv Hill-, and from Amefbury to Fiddleton', and from the New Inn in Amefbury, to the End of the Parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to Cook's House and Land* ford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag’s Head; and from thence. One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krau *Erautet ternnd John Paris, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter and John Paris.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill, for naturalizing John Bertns, was Btrens’ read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Berens.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynue do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ing to Order, a Bui for more enectually preventing the Liquors excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Instruction given to the Committee of Privileges and EJe&ions, upon Thursday the z6th Day of November last, for hearing, upon this Day, the Matter of the Petition of Daniel Moore, Esquire, complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, be discharged*

Ordered, That k be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the- laid Petition upon Wednesday next.

Resolved,

#4

11 ° — 140 Decembris.

A, 176"!.

Nora Scotia Resolved, That an hurrtble Address be presented to

nubuihment. His Majesty That He will be gmcioully pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this Home, an Ultimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova for the Year 1762.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Seaford

£le6tion.

The Order of the Day being, read, for the House Jo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services, incurred, to the 24th of November 1761, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee. *"

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman'Dickinson1 reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be teceived upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, < that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, be adjourned till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Seaford, in the County of Suffey, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

The House proceeded to relume the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded in Support of their Construction of the Word " Populacy," in the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right df eleding Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford aforesaid; made the 10th Day of February 1670.

- ’ Theft the'laid Counsel examined feVbral Witnesses, in order to~prove that the Inhabitants at large have, by ‘ Usage, voted at Elect’ons of Barons to lerve in Parliament for the said Town and Port. ‘

Then the original Poll, taken at the' Elect ion of Barons to serve in Parliament 4'or the said Town and Port, in the Year 1747, was produced by the Town Clerk of the said 1 own and Port. '

And-the Counsel for the Petitioners having offered to produce the Corporation Book* in which are entered the Acts of the said Corporation;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having ob-jeded to the Producing of the faic! Book as Evidence, in Relation to any other Matter than the Acts of the said Corporation; '

The Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer to the said Objection.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. They-were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners not infilling on producing the said Corporation Book;

Several Parts of the said original Poll were read:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were ag ain directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday next, Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 die Decembris;

Anno a0 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Motion And a Motion was made, and the Question being

A

Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the 14th put, That an humble Address be presented to His Ma- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

thcSfpuL Je%> t^at He will be graciously pleased to give Direc- A" A A 1

with Spiin. tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials delivered by Count de Fuentes to His Majesty’s Ministers, relating to the Demand of Liberty to the Sfanish Nation to fish on the Banks of Newfoundland; and also Copies of all Memorials delivered by the said Ambassador of Spain to His Majesty’s Ministers, relating to the Destrudion and Evacuation of any Establishments made by British Subjects on the Coasts of Honduras, and relating to the Right of cutting Logwood there; and also Copies of all Memorials delivered by Count de Fuentes to His Majesty’s Ministers, demanding Restitution of the Prizes taken during this War on the Subjects of Spain, together with Copies of the Answers given by

the Court of Great Britain to the Court of Spain on the Three'above Demands;

It passed in the Negative.

Seaford The Order made this Day, for resuming the further Elc&ion. Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of

Sevenoaks

ro

T in bridge#

&C-

Roaoi.

Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kipping'$ Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Road from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberkurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said County, and to Flimzvell Pent, in the County of Sussex; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, pursuant to the Powers granted by the said Act, the Petitioners have proceeded to repair, as much as in them lay, that Parc of the Road which leads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Lamberkurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, and to Flimzvell Vent aforesaid, thereby directed to be repaired; in order for which they have been obliged to borrow a considerahie Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which (till remains unpaid; and that, by virtue of the said Act, the Petitioners have Power, as they conceive, to eyed but One Gate for collecting Tolls between Kipping's Cross aforesaid, and Lamberkurst Pound, Pullens Hill, and Flimweil Kent aforesaid; and that the Money coile&ed theivat, or the

2 Geo. ilf.

ipDecembm.

*s

the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, the'onty Fuhd by which the said Road is to be repaired; and that iho Tolls collected at the said Gate ave by no meari$ fofy fkient to repair and keep in Repair the said Road* and to repay the Money borrowed thereon; and which the Petitioners apprehend can only be effected, by impowering them to erect more Toll Gates upon the said Road, and enabling them to take different 'Foils* than by*the aforesaid Act are granted; nor can they otherwise complete thenecelfery Repairs of the said Road, and pay off the Money due on the Credit of the Laid Tolls, during the Term now subsisting of the said Act: Arid therefore praying, That I.^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term of the said Act-;

from Worcejlet Bridge to Bewdley Bridge, in the County of Worcester.\ is navigable, without Cocks, for Barges, Boats, Trows, and other Vessels1; and that Persons paflSng upon the said River have used, Time out of Mind, to have arid use a certain Path, a Foot and kii half broad, on every Side of the said River, for drawing rip by Ropes their Vessels passing ori the said River, without any Tax Or Toll, which have been hitherto hai.ed by Men only; £nd that the greatest Part of the Goods sent to and from all the said Towns, and other large Trading Places, to and from Bristol and the Plantations abroad, and many foreign Farts* are carried by Water between the said Bridges, and landed at the Wharfs, near the said Bridge called Bewdley Bridge; and the Streams of the said River

and for enforcing, amending, and rendering the same between the said Bridges, being vervfapid, require much more effectual, in such Manner, and with futh Additions, Strength to draw tip the said Vessels and the Trade Powers, further Tolls, and under such Regulations, so Far as relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road leading from Kipping's Grefs aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, anid:F/&£ well Kent, as to* the House shall seem meet

being much increased, asufficient. Number of Men cannot be found for the said Putpofpj by Means whereof the said Vessels are frequently detained at Worceficr, not only tcyfhe Detriment of the Proprietors, brit Agriculture is much injured by Farmers Servants being employed at Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thh extravagant Wages to dfawup the said Vessels, and many

Railing the Price of Porter.

Consideration of a Committee: Arid- that they do exfti mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: "

And it is referred*to Mr. Fairfax, Sir Wyndham Krntch-btill Wyndham, Sir Geo. Montgomery Metham, Mr. Price-, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Paterson,'Mr, Wynne, Ms. Bull, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bullet, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Rushout, General Cor mo aliis, Mr. Fo r eft er. Sir Fjckvard Winnington, Mr. Moretdn, Mr. Wtlkirtfon^ Mr. Foley, General A'Court, Mr. Mazvbey, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Smith, Mr. Upton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Honywood, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Levett, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Byde, Mr. Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Southampton, and Middlesex,' and for the Cinque Ports: And they are f6 meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; arid have* Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the sundry Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, exercising the Business of a Vier tualler within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose frames are subscribed, exercising the Businessof a Victualler withfo the City of London: v

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Acts passed in 1760 and 1761, for laying additional Duties on Maitand Beer; and representing to the House tfre Hard* ships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, in Confecfuence thereof, by the having raised the Price to the Petitioners, and by . the imprafticability of the Petitioners raifyig it to the Co.nfumers, from the Menaces of fhe1 Populace, and Threats of Prosecution at Law; and alleging, that, from those and other Hardship^ many of the Petitioners have already been obliged.

Inconveniences happen by Goods lying" long on board: That the said Paths are only, 6t for the Passage of Men, by the Gates.and other Obstructions; and! the making a Road as near as might be to, and on either Side of the said River, between the said Bridges, for Horses, as well as Men, to drew Up the frircf Vessels, will rricrease Trade, reduce the Price ‘of ^Freight, and greatly facilitate the Carriage of all Goods brought up the said River ,tp Bewdley Bridge aforesaid; but that such Road cannot bp made, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the making, and keeping in Repair, such Road as aforesaid, to be used by Horses, as well as Men, haling up Vessels on the said River Severn, between the said Bridges, in such Manner, and with suchReeom-pence to the Landholders or Occupiers Of Lands on the Banks of the said River,'betwixt the said Bridges, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corifkieratron of a Comrhittee: And th^tt they do examine the Matter thereof > arid report the fame, as it shall appear to Hhfcm, to thb! House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Wmnrngton, Lord Grey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wynne,.Mr. Boulton, Lord Parker, Mr. Kynafhn, Sir William Maynard, Mr, Fairfax, Mr. Cfiv4, Mr. But let. Lord Clive, Mr* Fuller, Mr. OlrhitisjMr. Bull, ML Campbell, Mr. Price, Mr. Wilkinson, "Mr, Jarrit Smith, Mr. Defayal, Mr. Bootlt\S\r Robert Lad-&roke, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacons 'ML Dowdcfwell, Mr. Medlycott, Mr, Gray, Mr* Heweit, <Sir1 Char/ei Mordauni,[Mr. For refer Lord’ Bateman, Mr. ^Pltimptrif Mr. Drake, 'Mt. Byde, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Aw* pnty. Sir- Willidm Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Bafot, Sir WiL Ham Meredith, Mf. Tkorotdn, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Prowse; Lord' Kpnontf Mr. John Yorke, Sir fames Lozv-thei, Mr,1 Selwyn, Mr: 'Opaldtfton, Mr. Harris; . Mr. Lititrell, Mrpjnwilliam, Mr..Vernon, Mf. Yowhfield, hMr. Ckamcy Vowlifend, Mfri. Boone, Mr. Ward, Mr Knight, Lord Gage, Mr. Wood, Lord faylhey, jMf. Clover, Colonel

wall. Sir Alexander GiMoter,.

and all the

lief as to the I joule shall seem meet, ,.iOI , p,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered ^\Kecor,c:

to lie upon? the Table.;:j

Scrern

Touiup FaiL*.

"VsV'A Petftrahof the Merchant?, Tfadefmiri, arid pririci-

1 - Y" j J

A Petition of the Ba&ff -and Bulgeflfcs^the Boriihgh -pal Inhabitants of the Towns* of Wolverhampton arid Wal~ of Bewdley, in the County of Wotcefier, attdof the^Mer- fall, Jn\the Cdurity of Stafford:" And also,' chants* Tradesmen,. and Manufeftuforsf of the feverel " A Petitldri'of the Mereh^ts, Tradesm and Manu-Towns of Stourbridge, Dudley, Kidderminster, and Bewd- -fidburtrs, bf tli'e Town of Manchesterr in the County Pa-fcy, in the said County of Worcefitr, was presentedtOthe 'httmeof Lantaster; Andailo, s N 7 Hoiile, and read; -Setting forth, That the River Severh, AvPkltrondf fevtrai Meithaiits bfthe'Gity of Bristol;

Vol. Y Were

Severn Towing Path*.

Ditto. "\ Ditto.

8 6 i.^.De:cm

Were severally presented to the House, and read; A1- Mr. Grant) Mr*Okmus* Mr, Walfl>, Mr. Vansittart, Sir lcging, That great Advantages will arise to Trade* George Armitage; and all the Members who serve for the provided the Price of Freight can. be reduced/ Counties of}Berks, Southampton,. Surrey, Wilts, Dprfet, and the Carriage of Goods by Water be expedited Devofl,> arid: Sotnerfet; And they are to meet this After-betwixt the City of Worcester and the Town of noon, at Fi,ve of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Bewdley, in the County of Worcester; and that, and have Pow.er to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the making a Road to be used for the Tallage of , -

Horses, as well as Men, drawing up Goods on 'A Bill for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water,

the said River, betwixt the Bridges of Worcester was read a Second Time.

and Bewdley, under a proper Tonnage, would an- . Resolved> That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles^ fvver all the Purposes aforesaid; but such Road Sir George Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore,

cannot be made and kept in Repair without the' Mr. Touchet, Mr. Levett^Mr. James Harris, Mr. Edwin Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying, That Lascelles, MrrJohn Pitt, Mr. Grant, JVlr. Medlycott, Mr, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for, the OlmiiiS^ Mu Alderman Harley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sib-making, and keeping in Repair, such Roads as thorpe, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr., Byde, Sir Robert Long, aforesaid, in such-Manner, as to the House shall Mr. Pent on, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Montagu, Lord Harry seem meet. . - Pozvktt, Mr. Ojbaldejlm, Mr. Chetwynd, Mw Waljh, Mr.

And the said Petitions yjere severally ordered to bq Coventry, Sir Geo. Armifage, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord referred to the Consideration of the Comnjittee, Howe, Mr. Wyyne, Lord Macduff, Mr. Eliah Harvey; to whom, the last preceding Petition is referred; and ^11 the Men^bqrs-who serve for the Counties of York\ and they are to examine the Matter of these Pe- Durham, Northumberland, Westmoreland,' Cumberland, and titions, and report the fahtvas it.iljall appear tq I^pytqafterAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five them, to the House. /; (J of the*Clocks imtheSpeaker’s Chamber. V

t > t; , j;' . x , \ .; - s

Sandon, a. Bill for repairing, widening, and altering tb& Road Mr. Touchet reported from the Committee, to whom Road. from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Dray- living in, near/ and usually travelling, the Road leading cot't, in the Moprs, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whitefheet, Hill, the said County of Stafford; was read a Second Time.: In the Rarish of Donhead <S/> Andrew, 'in the County of , Resolved, That the Bill be committed^ o" Lord Gyey, Wilts,.by the Pai;i(h Church of West Horn ham, to Mr. Mr. Byde, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. 'Baker's Farm House, in the Parish of Bridford^ in the Price, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, said bounty of Wilts, leading to the City of New Sarum, Mr. Buller, Mr, Campbell, Mr. Pitt, Sir John burner, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gore; Mr. Hewett, Mr. ' Levett, Matter.of the said.Petition; and had directed him to re- Mr. Robihfon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Montagu; Admiral port the fame, as-It appeared to them, to the House; Coates, Mr. Archer, Mr. Granf, Mr.. Smith, Lord Bate- and.hie, read the Repqrjtin his Place; and afterwards de-man, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Drake, Uyered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Mr. Paterson, LoxdParker, Mr. Maztfbcy, Lord> Macduff, read; and is as; folio wqtjh; viz.

Mr. John York, Sir James Lozvther, Mr. Peachey, Mr. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Webb, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Onftow? . Mr. Burt, Lord, Gagep Charley Pinhqrt^ -being examined, said, That he has tra-Mx. Wynne, Sir George Savile, General Bofcawe{t, Lord veiled the said Road, inaChaife; that the same is a com-Winterton; and all the Members whq serve for the Coun> mon Highway,;and is. in a ruinous Condition, and dan-ties of Stafford, Chester, Worcester, and Derby: And they gerous for ‘Cam ageBpash n g thereon; and said, that he is are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the sure the fame cannot be, effectually repaired by the ordi-Speaker’s Chamber. . r.; ‘ ‘ndrvCourse pfefbribed by Law.

/ V , ' That the Road by the Way of Harnham Hill is more

Hounslow " A Petition of several Gentlemen and others; travelling 'convenient for Tfavefters getting upon Salisbury Plain to the great Weflem Road, wqs prjefented to the tjqufe, and rfhah the Road petitioned for, but would take double the aRoads! C Settingforth^That, By.Two.Aftspaffed.in thetirft Expence to repahit ;f and that, if both the said Roads

and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repair- were" repaired.' Tkvellfers'would not choose thq Harnham ing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounftow Heath, Hill Rgod, becaafdfthere would still be a very steep Hill, County of Middlesex, to*a Place called Basingstoke, Tfrat Materials lie nearly equally convenient for yc~ near the Town of Bags/iotr, An the Parish of Wind!esham, parrirlg'bbth Rbads. ’

in,‘the County of Surrey, several Tolls -and Powers were n Ordeted, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-. gEanted for repairing the said Road /and thatabout Six pstiring the 'Road' from the Turnpike Road on the Top Miles of the said Road, lying.between the Towq of Eg': of Whhtjheet Hill, by West Harnham, to a certain Place tam, and the Town of Bagshofc and also the Causeways in the Parish of Bridford, ‘in the County of Wilts: And near Bags hot, irt in a ruinous v Condition, and dangwoqs thki Mr tr Touchet, Mr; Wilkinfoh, the Lord North, Sir to Passengers in the.Winter Season; and thf/petitioners ^Robert Long, and Mr. James Hatris, do prepare, and apprehend Uie Tolls and Powqs granted by’the said Acts bring in,‘the fame. 1: 1

‘ are infuffidenf for the Purposes thereby intended: And f

therefore praying, tl^c House to iake the Prepiifes into /the Lord Barrington reported to the House, That their Consideration,. and to grant the_ Petitioners such Reliqf 'Address of Friday laid (that His Majesty would be gra-therein, as to the House. Wall seem t.. cibuffy pleasedtogiveDirections, that the Estimate there^.

Ordered, That-th’e said Petition be referred tq the Con- in rri^dned might be laid before this House) had been sideration ofja CommitteeAnd tha^ they do e^amjne thje presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com-Matter jthereog and report the fame, if shall appear to manded hirii to acquaint this House, that he will give Di-1 them, tb‘ the Tloufe: ' V. . rest ions accordingly.: s

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Edward Win- ‘":jj T

r_v«/;j/oy, Mr. Gm, Mr. LxvgttyMr. Harvey^ Mr. Wdkin- Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this . j ftn, Mf, Boultpn, M r,. Scawen,: Mf , HpttfeaaAccpunLof the Incpme of the Fund % paying

Robinpn, General A\Coutt,_^Ax. Montagu . Mr. Grant, Annuities granted Amw 1760, on the 10th Day of Oc-n Mr. Reynolds,' Mr. \Ca6eufjp., Robkt pang%Mxx. tiar- l\iof>er jiybi, with the Annuity charged on the Laid. Fund. ley, "Sir jfhn Turner, Winterson, ..... A j r . - v;

~'Medlycoff,' Ldxdl Harry Powjet^i^r.^Byde, f!^r. pw|f, - ,/j 'Ordered, 'Th&bWUlhm Bayliet; Elquine, have Leave tp ... a 1?^ Petition, com^aining of an undue Electio

' i _ and

Halifax

Water-worb,

Whiteflicrt

Hill,

&c.

Road.

Answer to Addrefis for Estimate.

Account of certain Annuities!

Evesham / Election.

Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

Supply.

Militia

Laws.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

2 Geo. III.

140- — 15® Decembris.

87

and Return for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wore eft er.

Ordered, That the several other Persons who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue.Election and Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to with- draw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 20th Day of November last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petitions, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, be discharged.

A Bill for more effhftually preventing the excessive life of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption by laving an additional Duty thereupon; and for better re- . gulating and.encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for feeuring the Payment of the Duties upon ! Spirituous Liquors; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee , of the whole House.

Resolved,.That this House will, Tomorrow, Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ..

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he re ad in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeih; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,; That a Sum, not exceeding One million Three hundred Fiftyrthree thousand Six hundred Sixty-two Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces,*and other Services, incurred, to the 24th Day of November 1761, and not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain, amend,; and-reduce into One A<5 of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England 1 And that the Lord Strange.\ Sir John Turner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Fqrejierdo prepare, and bring in, the feme. 1

v..The Ord'erlof, the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; : , t

w Resolved, That this House.will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. /

The, other Order of the Day being read; for the Houfo to resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raUing the Supply granted to.His Majesty;: .;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Surplus -or Overplus Monies of the additional Duties laid upon Spirituous Liquors by Two Acts, One made in t he 24th, and the other in the 33d (Year of his late Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits made in England, from the 5th of April 1760,. to the 5 th of July 1761 r distinguishing the Amount of each Duty, be referredio the said Committee. IV

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duty* of One ShiRi/ig Gallon on Spirits imported, from the v Vol.j*9..:-A 1 ..V;

2rft of April 1760, to the 5th of July 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the t whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Confident ion. an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act fotr preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors by laying additional Duties thereon; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Qr other Grain; and from Meal, Flour, and Bran; for , encouraging , the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for more effectually securing the Duties payable upon Spirits; and preventing the fraudulent Re-landing or Importation

thereof; as were then agreed to by the House; and also*. the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House; and then > agreed to by the House; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted. to His Majesty. . )

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- , mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.:

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee. v,

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair. > t

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee*

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they , had directed him to report, when the House will please, to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow:

Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson alfe> acquainted the House,. that he was directed by the Committee to move, that, they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means., for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee of tions be adjourned. -, Pri^2ea

- . Elections.

And then the; House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

:i Mart is, 150 die Decembris;

Anno 2° Georgii IIItil Regis, 1761. ' Prayers.

THE Lord Strange prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inqtqfipgr the open and Common Fields, in the Township of Merton, in the County of Otf/W: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

(, Resolved, That the Bill be read a.Second Time.

_ jMr- reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,' and others, living in, or near, the Towns of Tavistock, fPly\ mouth, Plymouth Dock, Okehampton, and other Places, in the County of Deicon, and Callington, Liskeard, apd. Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names ^re-thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of It be said Petition.;" and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Repqrt; in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz, ' ,l

To prove, the AJIegations of the said Petition, Mrj. Rif hard Turner feid. That tile Rbads described in the said

Merloni

Inclosurd

Tavistock

Road*.

88 15® DecembriS'Aa^6u

said Petition, leading from the Town of and

Places adjacent, are in a ruinous Condition* and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Abraham Pike confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plyand other Places, in the County of Devon:And that Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr.

Aldworth, the Lord B, and Sir George Pocock,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Severn A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Ma-owne Pain. mifa£urcrg> of ^e Town of , in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That a Reduction of the Price of Freight and Carnage on the River and more Expedition and

greater Certainty thereof betwixt the City of Worcester and Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, would be attended with many and great Advantages, not only to the said Town of Birmingham, but also to many other large trading Towns and Places; and that the making a Road to be made Use of by Horses, as well as Men, drawing Vessels upon the said River, betwixt the Bridges of Worcester and would greatly reduce

the Price of Freight, and render the same more expeditious betwixt the said Bridges, and answer all the Purposes aforesaid: But as such a Road cannot be made without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the making and keeping in Repair such Road as aforesaid, to be used by Horles, as well as Meh, drawing up Vessels on the said River, between the said Bridges, in such Manner, and with such yearly Recompence to the Landholders, or Occupiers of Lands on the Banks of the said River, betwixt the said Bridges, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gortsideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Bewsley, in the County of Worcester-, and of the Merchants, Trade.lmen, and Manufacturers of the several Towns of ' ’ 'Stourbridge, Dudley,' Kidderminster, and Bewdley, in the said County of Worcester-, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Rotherham A Petition of Thomas Earl of Effingham, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Rotherhaing Wittiam Earl of in

the Kingdom of Ireland, Bifcoe, Esquire, and

Catherine fi»r£, Widow, for thenjfejv^s, and on the behalf of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, and intitled to Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Right of Common, lying within the Township of Rotherham, t; . u in the County of York, was presented to the House, and r read;"Setting forth, That there are several Arable Grounds lying within the Common Fields, in the said Township, Called the Galtow Tree Hor BadJIey Mvorfield, or Micklehill Field, the Nether Field, St. Ann's Wellfield, and Canklow Field-, containing together by Estimatton, about 760 Acres; and also a Piece of open Pasture, Common, orWafte Ground, called BadJIey Moor, adjoining to BadJIey Moorfie or Micklehill Field, aforesaid, containing about 17 Acres; and also a certain Piece of Open Pasture, or Waste Ground, jn St. Ann's Well-field, called the Butts, containing about Three Acres; and also a certain Common Heath, or Waste Ground, called Rotherham Common, or Rotherham Moor, containing zoo Acres; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Freeholders and Proprietors in the said Common Fields and Common Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels and different Places, inconvenient for the respective Owners thereof, and cannot be properly cultivated, but at a great Expence; and lb long as they lie uninclosed, are, in a great Measure, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that the Petitioners afe desirous that the said Common Fidd, Wastes; Common Grounds, may be inclosed and divided; and 20

that a Ijx'cific Part thereof may be allotted to each of the Proprietors, and a proper Recompence made to the Impropriator for all the Rectorial Tythes arising the reout:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in- a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Heiveit, and Sir George Montgomery Metham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. C/evland presented to the House, according to Marine

Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces.

Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other Ships in His Majesty’s Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into tire feid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to on

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the excef- *1uor* five Use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Militia to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into Laws. One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report- Way* ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mean*, it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refo-hitions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House'; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities, iq.

Manner following; that is to fey, That every Contributor

k>t

Tvr:t

O’li'-;

Voi^i

(test

iji’A-rf

.jltfk

6

IV

(1

a Geo. III. 150 Decembris. 89

tqr to the fitid Twelve Millions shall, for every £. 100 contributed, be intitled to an Annuity transferable at the Bank of England, after the Rate of Cent, per Annum, for Nineteen Years, and then to stand reduced to £, 3 per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament;

and also to an Annuity transferable at the Bank of England, of £. 1 per Cent, to continue irredeemable for a certain Term of 98 Years, and then to cease; the said Annuities of £. 4 per Cent, and t per Cent, to be

charged upon the Sinking Fund, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1762; and to be payable half yearly, on the 5th Day of July, and the $th Day of January in every Year: And that the said per Cent. Annuities shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock of transferable per Cent. Annuities, at the Bank of England, with such other per Cent. Annuities, transfer-rable at the Bank of England, as shall, by any Act of this present Session of Parliament, be charged upon, and made payable out of the Sinking Fund: And that ever}' such Contributor shall, for every Sum of j£. 80 per Cent, paid in to the Cashiers. of the Bank of England, upon Account of his Share in the said Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4 per Cent, per , be intitled to £. 100 Capital in the said Stock of £. 4 per Cent. Annuities: And for every Sum of 20 paid in like Manner, upon Account of his Share in the said Annuities of £, 1 per Cent, shall be intitled to an Annuity of 1, to continue for a certain Term of 98 Years, in Manner above mentioned.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 23d of this instant December, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of £. 15 Cent, on such Part of the Sum or Sums to be contributed by him towards the said Sum of Twelve Millions, as shall be payable, in respect of Bis Share in the said per Cent. Annuities, and also a Deposit of £. 15 pe on such Part of the

Suerof Stuns so to be contributed, as shall be payable, in respect of his Share in the said £. 1 per Cent. Annuities, as a Security for his making the future Payments ceipeftively, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say,

On £. 9,600,000 to be paid in respect of the said per Cent. Annuities.

10 per Cent, on er before the 10th Day of February next.

10 per Cettt. on or before the 23d Day of March next.

\o per Cent, of or before the 21st Day of April next.

10 per Cent, on or before the 26 th Day of May next.

ix) per Cent.on or before the 23d Day of June next.

15 per Cent, on or before the 18th Day of August next.

1 o per Cent, on or before the 17 tb Day of September next.

10 per Cent, on or before the 20th Day of next.

On £. 2,400,000 to be paid in respect of the said £. 1 per Cent. Annuities.

23 per Cent, on or before the 10th Day of March next.

30 per Cent, on or before the 12th Day of May next.

30 per Cent, on or before the 21 ft Day of July next.

Which several Sums so received shall, by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise.

And that every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his Contribution, onAccount of his Share in the said per Cent. Annuities, at any Time, on, or before the t8th Day of September next, won Account of his Share in the said 1 per Cent. Annuities, on or before the 13th Day of May next, shall be allowed a Discount, after the Rate of 3 pa Cent, per Annum on the Sum so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing such Contribution, to the 20th Day of QElober next, in respect of the Sum paid on Account of the said per Cent, Annuities; and to the

Vox.. 29,

21 ft Day of July next, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the £. 1 per Cent. Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window or Ligh t, in every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eight or Nine Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling for every Window or Light in such House; to commence from the 5th Day of April 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window or Light, in every Dwelling House, 4s aforesaid, which shall contain Ten or Eleven Windows or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Six Pence for each Window or Light in such House, over and above all Duties chargeable thereupon; to commence from the 5th Day of April 176a.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window or Light, in every Dwelling House, as aforesaid, which mall contain Twelve, Thirteen, or Fourteen Windows or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling for each Window or Light in such House, over and above all Duties chargeable thereupon j to commence from the 5th Day of April 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window or Light, in every Dwelling House, as aforesaid, which shall contain Fifteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, or Nineteen Windows or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Three Pence for each Window or Light in such House, over and above all Duties chargeable thereupon; to commence from the 3th Day of April 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good to the Sinking Fund the Annuities charged thereupon, in respect of the said Sum of Twelve Millions, the said additional Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good to the Sinking Fund the said Annuities charged thereupon, the Surplus of the Monies, which shall from Time to Time arise from the several additional Duties laid upon Spirituous Liquors, by Two Acts, One made in the 24th, and the other in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’a Reign, after satisfying all Payments charged on the said Duties; which Surplus is reserved for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the farther additional Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament, be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund.

The F'irft Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Aldennan -son, the Lord Barrington, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel , do prepare

and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Z ' Matter

Senford

Election,

Account; Duty on Malt.

150 — 16° Decembris. A. 1761.

Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of in

the County of Sussex.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through his Evidence, in Support of his Construction of the Word " Populacy" in the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of Electing Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford aforesaid, made the ioth Day of February 1670;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard in Answer thereto; and infilled that the Word " Populacy" in the said Determination of the House, means Inhabitants, Housekeepers paying Scotland Lot.

And the said Counsel examined a Witness, in Support of their said Construction.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Rejoived, That in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, made the 10th Day of February, in the Year 1670; which is as followeth; "That the Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen, had not only Voices in " Election, but that the Election was in the Populacy," the Word " Populacy" therein mentioned, extended only to the Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and Port, paying Scotland Lot.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House, that the House having come to the said Resolution, he had nothing further to offer in Behalf of the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.That James Peachey, Esq. is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of j

Mr. Peachey withdrew.

Rejoived, Nemine Contradicente,

That James Peachey, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Right Honourable William Hall, Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex;

The Lord Gage withdrew.

Rejoived, Nemine Contradicente,

That the Right Honourable William Lord

Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for (lie Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 16° di Decembris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Julliott (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of the additional Duty on Malt; commencing the 8th February 1760 (granted for the Payment of Annuities 1760) to the ioth Day of October 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

.. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

21

To the Honourable The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Income of the additional Duty on Malt, commencing the 8th February 1760, (granted for the Payment of Annuities 1760) to the ioth Day of October 1761, amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Sixteen thousand Five hundred and Four Pounds.

The Annuity charged on the said Fund, on Eight million Two hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, at Four Pounds per Centum, amounts to the Sum of Three hundred Twenty-nine thousand Six hundred Pounds Annum.

s.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Exchequer, the of December

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Spirituous

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to liquors. \4ihom the Bill for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, for Home Consumption, by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of-British made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; was committed % the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. . _.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to w resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of an Act made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for raising the Sum of Eight millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn, making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as relates to the J. 4 per Centum Annuities, payable in respect of the Principal Sum of Eight millions, and of the additional Capital of 3 added to every £. 100 advanced towards the said Sum of Eight millions, granted Amo 1760.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the several Duties on Malt.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickitijon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which

they

2 Geo. III. i 6° — f 76 Decembris. 91

I they had dire (fled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Importation Mr. Rigby, according to Order, reported from the of Salted Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

II f0?1 on,' the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, into

f this Kingdom from Ireland, for the Supply of His Ma-

jessy’s Ships, Transport and other Ships in His Majesty’s Service, was committed j the Amendments which

1 the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in . his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Had and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Idchietoui compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad, and other mischievous Dogs: And that Sir John Glynne and Mr. Pugh Pryce do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac-Vmiom. cor^‘ng to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty 1 several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Soppij. RefelveH, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 170 Decembris;

Anno a* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

AMefiage from the Lords, by Mr. Daval and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

1 kdfen’1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's

fact Pond, in the County of , to the Eighteen

Mile Stone from the City of near IVilloughby

Hedge; and from Wft Amcfbury to Anjllovx Hill; and from Amesbury to Fiddleton-, and from the New Inn in Amesbury, to the End of the Pari Hi leading to ton; and from Wily to Cook's House and and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's; and from thence, One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act * for naturalizing John Borens, without any Amendment.-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vox.. 29.

The House being informed, that Mr. Howe (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended it the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out; and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from the 10th of October 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Number of Houses in Great Britain, having more than Nineteen Windows; together with the Amount of the yearly House and Window Duties, payable thereon, for the Year 1759.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Salter, Matter of the Charterhouse, be desired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, Wjiminster, upon Saturday the 30th Day of January next: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProCior and Mr. Bacon do acquaint him therewith.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe (from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant, to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits, made in North Britain, from 5th April 1760, tp 10th October 1761; distinguishing the Amount of each Duty in each Quarter: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duty of One Shilling per Gallon on Spirits imported from the 5th April 1760, to the 10th October 1761; distinguishing the Amount in each Quarter: And also,

An' Account of the Quantities of British Spirits exported from the 5th April 1760, to the 10th October 1761; together with the Amount of the Drawback paid for the same; distinguishing each Quarter: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Com and Mdafles Spirits distilled in North Britain, from 24th June 1759, to ift October 1761; distinguishing each Year: And also, "

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits imported, from 25th December 1758, to 29th September 1761 j distinguishing each Year, and the several Sorts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An Ingrafted Bill for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Confomp-tion, by laying an additional Duty thereupon; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of Britiffc made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Consumption, by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, ox imported into the fame; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered,

Whale

Fishery.

Account s Duty on Windows.

Dr. Salter to preach on joth Jan.

Account; Duties on Wines and Spirits.

Duties on Spirituous Liquors.

p2 17°' — 13°

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman DickinfoH do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty ferctal Rates and

juries on Duties upon Windows or Lights, was read a Second Window,. Time

Resolved, That the Rill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ways Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report-in Means. from t^c of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the £. 4 per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, payable in respect of the Principal Sum of Eight millions, raised by virtue of an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; and also upon the additional Capital of £. 3 added to every £. *00 advanced towards the said Sum of Eight millions, amounting to £. 240,000, together with the Charges and Expences attending the fame, be, with the Consent of the Proprietors of the said Annuities, charged upon, and paid out of the Sinking Fund; and that such Persons who shall not, on or before the 21st Day of June 1762, signify their Diflent, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken toaffent thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies that shall or may arise from, and lifter the 5th Day of January 1762, of tfro Produce of the several Duties on Malt, which, by the said Act of the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were made a Fund for Payment of the said Four Pounds per Cent. Annuities, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Sinking Fund.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought m, puffoant to the iaid Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, the Lord Barrington, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

'VE///W, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. West, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation An Ingrossed Bill for the Importation of Salted Beef, of faked Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for itevision*. gUppjy of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other Ships in His Majesty’s Service, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafe: And that the Title be. An Act for the Importation of Salted Bee£ Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom from Ireland, for a limited Time, for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other Ships and Vessels in His Majesty’s immediate Service and ray.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Decemhris. . 1761.

Veneris, i8° die Decemhris;

Anno 20 Georgii IIltil Regis, 1761.

Praters.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathe- Chester Poor dral Church of C/irift and the Blefifed Virgin Mary, and

in the City of Chesterand also of the Mayor and Citi- trcctl* zensof the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Alleging,

That the Petitioners observe, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for better regulating the Poor in the several Parishes within the said City; and setting forth, that there are in the said City or Liberties certain extra-parochial Places, One called the Abbey Court, the Poor whereof are provided for by the Dean and Chapter of the said Cathedral; and the other called the Hospital of St. John, the Poor whereof are provided for by the Mayor and Citizens of the said City: And further alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said extra-parochial Places, if the Poor thereof were to be provided for in the same Manner, and under the same Powers, as are proposed for the other Poor within the said City: And therefore praying, that the said extra-parochial Places may be included in the above-mentioned Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr,

Prowse, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bidler. Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawbey, Mr.

Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gholmondeley, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Peniony Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Gore> Mr. Myddelton, Sir John Morgan,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Thoroton, Sir Edward Winninglon, Mr. Fuller, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Staunton, Lord Brudenell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Dowdefr well, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Faue, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Burt, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr, Pye, Mr. j,

Rufhout, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Chester, Stafford, and Lancaster, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Duke of cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Mod noble Francis ®^dge.w‘1t5r*> j Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal avl8*tlon from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in Longford the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, BridSe*

at a Place called the Hempstones, in the Township of Hatton, in the County of Chester: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Marlborough thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and ,to read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the SR0nad°.n North End or Side of the Borough or Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the Crown Inn in the Town of Swindon, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and alleging, that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, vvi--dened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for amending, altering, turning, and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the floufe shall seem meet. Ordered,

S'van Horne Inclosure.

Etafton

Indofurr.

Severn

Towing Paths.

2 Geo. III. 18 Decem93

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hotife:

And it is referred to Sir J Sir Charles Morel aunt, Mr. Dodd, Mr Pye, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Robinson, Mr- Mr. Bolton,

Mr. Clive, Mr. Ne/bitt, Mr. Corks, Mr.

Mr. Grant, Mr. Banbury, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whte, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bull, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Staunton, Sir

Edward Wilmington, Mr. Tow Mr. Glover, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Price, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Holt-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of -

merfet, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pei Ions, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Adams and John Devere/l, juniot, Gentlemen, Lords of the Mayor of in the County of Bucks; Charles William Clerk, Vicar of the Pari 111 of Swanbome, Newman , Ro-

bert Carter, Robert Gibbs, Thomas Coles, Michael Stm-monds, Edward Guruett, John the Eider, and

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspre-fented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the several Common Fields in the Parish of Swanborne, in the fold County, lie intermixed and dispersrd; and, in their present Situation, are in a great Meufure incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, it would be very beneficial to the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prajer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkes, Mr. John Buller, and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Ag eement, for the dividing and inclosing several Co mmon Fields, Meadows, and Failures in the Townlhi; s of Elvaston and , in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the Firfi T.me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Winningtcn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition vf the Bai if and Brngeffes of the Borough of Bewdleyin the County of Worcester-, and of the Merchants, Traclcfmen, and Manufacturers of the several 7'owns of Stourbridge, Dudley, Kidderminster, and Bewdl.y, in the said County of and all'o the

Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Wolverhampton and a I fa I,

in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition or the Merchants, Trade) men, and Manufacturers of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of and

also the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Bristol-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Trades-roen, and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as fit appeared to them, to the Home; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followefh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions', Mr;

Vox.. 29.

Anthony Gardner, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the River Severn, between Bridge and Bewdley Bridge, which is navigable for Boats and other Vessels: That the Method of haling upon that Part of the River, is by Men only, for which Purpose they have. Time out of Mind, claimed a Path, a Foot and an Half wide on each Side of the River, in what Part they please; which they have always enjoyed, without Interruption, or the Payment of any Toll or Imposition whatibever.

That sometimes Vessels are drawn by 40 or 45 Men, and sometimes no more than Five.

That they are obliged to go in a Variety of Paths, by Reason of the Riling and Falling of the River; that the Paths are, in many Places, 30 or 40 Yards wide, iti others, not more than Four Feet; and that, in (hors Turnings of the Fiver, they are obliged to go 60 Yards into the Land; and don’t make any Satrsfaction for this, though it should happen to be in Gtafs fit for mowing.'

Mr. James Berresford, being examined, laid, He knows that Part of the River very-well; that it is the Custom to tow Vessels with Men; that the Men cannot draw all in One Line, which occasions the Paths to be very broad in some Places; but that he never heard any Complaint of Trel’palTes on that Account, or any Satisfaction demanded.

That he has surveyed this Part of the River, and finds the Paths, upon an A verage? N in* or Ten Feet broad.

Mr. Richard Tasterfall, being examined, Hid, That he knows the River Sever,/, between Worcester Bridge artd Bewdley Bridge-, that Vessels navigating the said River are towed by Men; that they never make Satisfaction for the Damage done by towing, although they go in fotne Places throng!) Com Fields.

Then the Agent for the IV't'o^rs produced an Act: of the 23d Year o( Ile/ry the Lvgh'h. by which it appeared, that Persons navigating the 'a:-.! Rivet, have a Right to Towing Paths on each Side, a Foot and an Halt wide.

Mr. Anthony Gardner, being again examined, (-.id,'

That Carnage on the said Riv-r is much inrreased, tying near doubled vvii.iin t - is Time; so that it is difficult to fin i Men to vv the Y’edbls; and that at le.ift Nine Tenths of the Good., brought up the River from Wcr-c-ferarc landed at Bewd/rv: That Vessels < sten wait Three or Four Days at Wor refer t -r want of Men; and that sometimes the Water tails during the Interval, so that they cannot proceed fir Want of Water.

That the Waiters of Vessels choose to employ Men uled to the Bhliness; but that they are frequently obliged to hire Husbandmen, at the Rate of Two Shillings a Day and their Victuals, besides Three Halfpence, which they give them the Night before; and that, within hii Memory, they gave but 18 d.

That the Water falling while Vessels are waiting for Men, sometimes detains Merchandizes for a Month; during which Time they are liable to be damaged by being kept on board, or to be stolen if put on Shore.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Berresford and Mr. Tat ter fall.

And all the Witnesses further said, That they cannot at present tow with Horses, as there are many Stiles irt the Way, and they want proper Bridges over the Brooks: That, if they could make Ule of Horses, it would be a Saving of more than rjs. in 20, as they apprehend One Horle would draw more than Seven Men (though they never (aw the Experiment tried) and may be hired for Three Shillings a Day.

That Men cannot tow a Vessel from Worcester t6 Bewdley, in lets than nor i4PIouts, and that Horses would do it in Eight or Nine.

That if a Vessel happens to come to Worcester after Nine o’Clock in the Morning, even in the longed Days, Men will not attempt to draw her to Bewdley that Day;' but it may be easily done by Horles; and that Horses might always be procured; but Men' cannot.

A a Ordered,

>4 iS° Decemhris*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for great Success and all possible Expedition, inso much that

making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bridge and

Bewdley Bridge, for Horses as well as Men, to draw and hale Vesselson the said River; making Recompence to the Landholders or Occupiers of Lands on the Banks of the said River, between the said Bridges: And that Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Dowdeswell, and Mr. Ward, do prepare> and bring in, the fame.

Stltish Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, to whom

Road*. the Petition of the Mayor and free Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of in the County of Cornwall; and the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads therein after mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Hicks said. That he knows the Roads deferred in the Petition; that they are very ruinous and bad; and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious; and that the Statute Labour is not sufficient to repair the fame.

And several Members who were present confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Trerule Foot to Landrake, and from thence to Culver Park Gate, within the Borough of Saltash; and from Saltash Passage to the Corner of the Meadow at the East End of the Bridge, by the lower Grift Mills within the Borough of Plymouth; and from the North Stile of Saint Stephens Churchyard to the Alms House of the said Borough of Saltash; and from Boraton Lane End to the Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Bolus Flemming; in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon'.And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. John Buller, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

London A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

Brid^e. mons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were, by an Act passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, of happy Memory, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, impowered to make such Purchases, and required to take down such Houses and Buildings, as they should judge necessary for the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to and from the said Bridge; and also, to widen and enlarge One or more of the Arches thereof; and certain Tolls, or Sums of Money, were thereby granted and vested in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, for that Service; and that, by another Act passed in the 31st Year of his said late Majesty, the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds was granted for rebuilding the said Bridge; and the said Tolls continued till the 24th Day of June 1758, and no longer; and that, in each of the Three following Sessions of Parliament, the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds was granted towards the improving, widening, and enlarging the Passage over and through the said Bridge; and alleging, that, by virtue of those Grants, the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the Powers given by the said Acts, with at

eighteen Months lime will new be sufficient for fi: 'fling the whole of the said Bridge; but that the . Petitioners find themselves unable to complete this \\ ok, without the further Aid of Parliament: And theieW.re praying the House to take the Piuniles into Confident-tion, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition ~be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons oi the City of London, in Common Council at* London sembled. Stffeis*

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; the Petitioners were impowered, not only to widen and render mom convenient such of the several Streets, Lanes, stud Passages, described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, but also to lay out such new Streets and Pafl’ages in the Parts and Places particularly mentioned in another Schedule to the said Act also annexed; and alleging#

That the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Powers given by the said Act, but find the same will not effectually answer the Purposes thereby intended,) and that the extending the Powers to several other Streets,

Lanes, and Passages within the said City and Liberties; and the opening a new Street from to the

Mansion House, will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge and render more effectual the Powers granted by the said Act, in such Manner as the 1 louse shall judge expedient.

A Petition of the several Victuallers, whole Names Pnctfof are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of 3tror^' Middlesex and City of Westminster, was presented to the'

House, and read; taking Notice of the Acts passed in 1760 and 1761, for laying additional Duties on Malt and Beer; and representing to the House the Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under in Consequence thereof, by the Brewershaving raised the Price to the Petitioners, and by the Impracticability of the Petitioners raising it to the Consumers, from the Menaces of the Populace, and Threats of Prosecutions at Law; and alleging, that, from those and other Hard-'

ships, many of the Petitioners have already been obliged to shut up their Houses; and that the present Distresscs* besides the Loss to the Revenue, mull end in the Ruin of a great Number of Families: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the I louftf shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the: Consideration of a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 25th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- t>itfla-

under written, Victuallers within the Borough of

wark, the Towns of Deptford and Greenwich, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; also complaining of the Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, from the Brewers having raised

4 Geo. lit. i8b Decembrist

rhe Price of Strong Beer: And praying the House to take the Matter into their Consideration, arid give such Belief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the fill preceding Petition is referred.

Ordered, That the Petition of the sundry Perfoil-, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, exercising the Business of a Victualler, within the City and Liberty of Westminster:And also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, exercising the Bu-finess of a Victualler within the City of London (which werepresented to the House upon Monday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the 1 able) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Mrs. Mary John Darus, her Attorney, and her Agents, did, between the jth and 24th Days of November lad, enter into the Estates of John Dodd, Esquire, a Member of this House, and which were then in his Possession, situate in the Town of Ballbary, and the Grange of Bally Bighill. Part of Rathlnkeston in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and seized, and drove to Pound the Cattle of several of the said Member’s Tenants there, and have ever since held Puflession of Part of the said Estates, and refuse to deliver up the feme;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

AttWntt The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Widow. Commissioners of Taxes) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of Yesterday, That an Account be hid before this House of the Number of Houses in Great Britain, having more than Nineteen Windows, together with the Amount of the yearly House and Window.' Duties payable thereon, for the Year 1759,

A Paper, containing an Account of the total Number of Houses in Great Britain, having more than Nineteen Windows; and a special Return to the other Part of the said Order.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Mis Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, is committed.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Journals. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed toconfidef of the Reprinting a sufficient Number of the Journals of this House, for the Use of the Members thereof.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Sir William Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Bankes, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ofwa/d, Mr. Harris, Lord North, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Liitterell, Mr.

roioit, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr. Samuel Martin, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Turner, Mr. Knight, Sir Charles , Mr.

Byde, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Boone, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Mazo bey, Lord Barrington, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Edward , Mr; Harvey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Grosvenor,

Mr. Brand, General Cornwallis, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Thomond, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Montgomery Me-tham> Mr. Jennings, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Myddeltoni Lord Hoive, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Gfynne, Mr.;

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bull, Mr. Grant, Mr. Butler, Colonel Fttxroy, Mr. j duller, Sir William , Mr.

VOL. 29;

thorpe, Mr. Clevland, Mr. RobitfuMr. Mr.

Lezvis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Lilt of Forces and Marine?, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1762.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of futh reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died 00 the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them befdre the 25 th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1762: And also,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1762.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimate were read. }

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dtckinson presented to the House, ac- Sinking

cording to Order, a Bill fdr charging certain Annuities, fund. granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund: And the feme was received; and read the First Timd.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

'The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; Supply Bills

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the dutiesoa whole House, upon the Bill for gtariting to His. Majesty m ows* several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dtckinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dtckinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made-several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed. him to report, when the House will please to receive: the fame.

Ordered, That the Repott be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next. Nine of the Clock.

21° — 2 2°

Lutue, 2i° Decembris;

Anno 2° Georgii III*1 Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

Business SfRDERED, That Leave be given to move the House

Tomorrow, that any private Business may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

MaH and Sir John Glynne presented to the House, according to Mi!^"ev01115 Order, a Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make gs' Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad, and other mif-chievous Dogs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinf according to Order, re-Dimes on ported from (he Committee of the whole h’ouse, to 111 ows’ whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several tfates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

' were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sinking; A Bill for charging certain Annuities, granted in the Fund, Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the

&c* Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

20th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* and The O'der of the Dav being read, for the House to

Means. resolve itfoif into a Committee of the whole House, to

cr< fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rfo ved, T :ar tis House will, upon Wednesday the 20tii D.y of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to rctolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Ha!f-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the luperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Eftallishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Decembris. ^.1761.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dkkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 20th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f loufic, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Auguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roly Cross,

for dividing and inclosiivg certain Common Fields and p ’nn is. Meadows in tire Parish of Holy Grefs, in Rerfhort, in the lndofore*. County of Worcester, without any Amendment: And

also,

lire Lewis have ag eed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Krauter

for naturdjj'i: g Pi.K’.p Jacob Krauter and John , an.d,

without any Amei'chnenr. f1

- , -- . Nat-Aj.u inert tc.e ViUicrgvrs witrv_:e'.v.

And then the I'cu e adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ntneof the Clock.

uLzr:f, 2 2° die Dec

Antic 2° Georgii III'" Regis, 1761.

Prayers.

THE House beng moved, in pursuar.ee of the Or f.-ivate der made Ycllerdav, "That Leave be given to Bufinet*

" move the House this Day, that any private Business " might be entered upon in the House this Day, afte*

Two of the Clock ;"

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Prerule Foot to Landrake, and from thence to Culver Park Gate, within the Borough of Saltaf; and irom Saltafk

Passage, to the Corner of the Mea !o,v, at the East End of the Bridge, by the low-r Griil Mills, within the Borough of Plymouth-, and from the North Stile of St.

Stephen's Churchyard, to the Alms House of the said Borough of Saltash; and from Brent on Lane End to the Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Bolus Flemming; in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord Lo.wion Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon- Streets. don, in Common Council assembled, (which was presented to the House upon Friday last) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sr Robert La a’broke. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lane,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Onfow, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dotvdef-

well*

1

k*:- '

ihft

Ijjdl

2 Geo. III. 22° Decembrii, P7

tv;//, Mr. Plumptrc, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hope Weir, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and

Lord Howe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crejwell, Mr. Bayntun, bring in, the dime. Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Major, Colonel Hot ham, M r.

Medlycott, Mr. Gore;Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chester, Mr. A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees named

- Mazvbey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prozv/e, Mr. Whit- Sind appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Par-

worth, Mr. Thoroton. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stauri liament, made in the ioth Year of the Reign of hi; late

ton, Sir William Baker, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Chetwynd, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Morton, Sir John making more effectual an Act rrtade in the Ninth Yedr Glynne, Mr. Burt, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. John Butter, of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for corri- Mr. Cujl, Mr. Price, Mr. White, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Demp- pleting the Repairs of the Harbour* of Dover, in the Jler, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bull, Mr. County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Ryt, Wood, Mr. Harris, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Glover, in the County of to its ancient Goodness, so far Admiral Towtifend, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, General Stan- as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye; was pre-wix, Mr. Wynne, Lord Grey, Mr. Letvis, LorJ Frederick fented to the House; and read; alleging, That the said Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the City Commissioners and Trustees arc irripowered, by the said

cf London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty, to make a

and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five new Cut from Water to the Sea, and to re-

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have pair the Walls of the Channel of Winchelfe and Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. from the said new intended Cut ko the down of Wirtcflel-

sea; and from the said Cut to the present Harbour cf Serenoakj Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do make the Report from; and to do all other Works necessary for effecting r k°in the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, the Purposes of the said Act; and that in pursuance of

M&c. Clergy, and Freeholders, whole Names are thereunto such Power a new Cut has been made, from a Wall

Roads, subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the called Winchelsea which divides the said new Cut

Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, passed from the said Channel of WinchelJ'ea and Breade, right in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King out to the Sea; and that Two Stone Piers have been George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the erected at the end of the said new Cut, next the Sea; Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, and a navigable Sluice at the Distance of 150 Rods from for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to Wood/- the said Piers; and the Walls of the said new Cut have

gate and Tunbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kip- been wharfed, and are, as well as the said

ping’s Cross, in the County of Kent; and also, for repair- Wall, of such sufficient Height and Breadth, that the ing the Road from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamber- Sea and Tides might be let into the said new Cut, as lar hurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and as the said Winchelsea without any Danger to the to Flimtvell Vent, in the County of Sussex; was referred. Lands lying near the said new Cut of Winchelsea and Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Corft- Breade, and Vessels have the Benefit of coming in and mittee. That the Committee had examined the Matter lying in Safety in the said new Cut; but that it is ap-of the said Petition; and had directed the same to be re- prehended, that by a Clause in the said Act of the ported, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he Tenth Year of his said late Majesty, the said Commrf-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered sioners and Trustees are restrained from letting the Sea

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and Tides into the said new Cut, or Channel; and that

and is as followeth; viz. the repairing and heightening the Walls of the said

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition the Channel, from the said new Cut to the Town of Wi:i-said Act was produced, and Part thereof read; and Wil- chelsea, and from the said new Cut to the present Har-liamMorland, Esquire, being examined, said, That he hour of Rye, and other Works necessary to be done knows the Road leading from Kipping's Cross to Lamber- for restoring that Harbour to its ancient Goodnels, will hurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, and to Flimwell Vent; take up a considerable Time, and arc not at present ne-that it is between Ten and Eleven Miles in Length; cefiary, as it is now proposed to let the Sea and Tides and that the Trustees appointed by the said Act have into the said new Cut, as far as the said Winchelsea Wall proceeded in the Repair of the said Road; and in con- only; and as the Works already done in the said new l'equence thereof have borrowed several considerable Cut, or Channel, will loon decay, if the Sea and Tides Sums of Money; and that there is now due and owing ar<f not let in, and Vessels will be deprived of the Bene-the Sum of £. 750, which cannot be repaid, nor the said fit of coming into and lying in Safety in the said Road effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers new Cut, or Channel: Therefore praying, That Leave of the said Act be further enlarged and extended: — may be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the said That the Trustees appointed by the said Act are im- Commissioners and Trustees to let the Sea and Tides powered to take but One Toll, which is by no Means- into the said new Cut, or Channel, as far as the said sufficient to repair the said Road; and that it will be ne- Winchelsea Wall.

ceflary, in order to complete the Repair thereof, the That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Trustees be enabled to take different Tolls. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Mr. Thomas Staple and Mr. Daniel Webber confirmed Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the above Evidence. them, to the‘House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ro-continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so bert Ladbroke, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr. Maw-

much of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of Sir William Baker, Mr. Rigby, Lord Frederick -His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An bell, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Montagu, Sir Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two George Colebrooke, Mr. Plumptre, Sir George Savile, Mr. Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Thoroton, Mr Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Sevenoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells to Kipping’s Townshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Cross, in the County of Kent;and also, for repairing the Mr. Mr Colonel Mr. Burt, Sir

Roads from Kipping’s Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Charles , Mr. Peachey, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Shelley,

Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Lord Gage, Mr. Price, Lord Mr. Bayntun, Lord

Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Howe, Mr. Morton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Chester, Mr. Wood, Mr. -Roads leading from Kipping’s Cross aforesaid, to Lam bur- ventry, Mr. Grant, Mr.; and all the

hurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent: And that Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey. Kent, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burt, Mr. Fairfax^ Sir Wyndham Knatck- and and the City of London; and the Cinque Vox.. *9. B b Ports:

Rye

Harbour.

22° Decembris.

Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Elvafton A Bill forestablishing and confirming certain Articles Inclosure. of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the Town-ships of Elvaflonand T, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mazvbey, Mr. Dowdesw Mt. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Rigby, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dempfler, Mr. Burt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wood, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pye, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Jenyns, Sir EdivardMr. Mitchell. Colo-

nel Hot ham, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chester, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Morton, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Mr.

Toumfliend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lane, Lord Pulteney, Sir John Turner, Sir William; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternbon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cl eandP0°r WilbrahamBootle reported from the Committee Sireets. to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the

Cathedral Church of Chrifland the Blessed Virgin Mary, in the City of Chester-, and all'o of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I Joule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Alderjcy, Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Poor within the extra-parochial Places, called the Abbey Court and Saint Johns Hospital, within the said City, are at present maintained by the respective Inhabitants thereof, at a very great Expence; and that it is apprehended it would be of Benefit to the said Poor, and an Advantage to the said Inhabitants, if the said Poor were to be maintained and employed in a House of Industry, and put under the same Regulation as is intended for the Poor of the several Parishes of the said City, by an Application now made to Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen,' Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester-, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for better regulating the Poor of the extra-parochial Places of the Abbey Court and St. John's Hospital within the said City.

Duke of . A Bill to enable the Moll noble Francis Duke of Britlgewater’s Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut or Canal, from

.Navigation Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the I on^ford County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River at a

Bridge. Place called the Hempflones, in the Township of Plalton, in the County of Chester j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rigby, ' Mr. Wood, Mr. Burt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir John ' lipps, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mawbey, Sir ’ Francis Vincent, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Grant, Mr. Major, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hewett, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Montagu, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Co-

20

ventry, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pye, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Lane, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Townshend, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Morton, Lord Grey, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Price,

Lord Strange, Mr. Byde, Mr. Dempfler, Mr. , Sir

EllisCunliffe, Mr. Jenyns, Me. Grosvenor, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. , Lord

George Sackville, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Hot ham, Mr.

Harris, Lord Howe, Mr. Bull, Colonel Rafcaiveu, Mr.

Hunt, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Ryder, Ix»rd Midle ten,

Mr. Forrefler, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. , Mr.'Lloyd,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. White, Sir William Bakbr,

General Bofcawen, Lord Royston, Doctor Hay, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster,

Chester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brozvning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for more effectually preventing the excessive Lie of Spi- Spirimou* rituous Liquors for Home Consumption, by laying ad- Lquor*. ditional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits; and fur securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom at was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fbllowetii; viz.

Rcfo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards, and Regiment of Horle reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horle Guards, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Three hundred Eighty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards the improving, widening, and enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bacon, from the Commissioners for Trade and Civil Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, ... . Gro^i*.

An Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences

attending

2 Geo. III. 2% Decembris. 99

attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1761, to the 24th oijune 1762.

Mr. Bacon also, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1762.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Cotohy of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the tame, from the 14th of June 17-61, to the 24th of June 1762*

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magistrates established in the £. s.

Colony - -- -- 2,120 — —

To an Allowance to a Minrfter of the Church of England, established at Savannah - - 70 — —

j; To the Salaries of the Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and

| A Hon - -- -- 46 —

I To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth -of Savannah River, with a Boat and

I sufficient Hands - -- - - -- - 50 — *'

n To repairing the Public Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other contingent Ex-

Vl pences - - 421 10 < —

& To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony - - - 350 — —

To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trustees, for purchasing from the Growers the Balls, or Cocoons, of Raw Silk; and as an Encouragement of the Growth and-Culture of it - - - 1*000 — —

£ 4.057 10

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1762.

1

To the Salaries of the Chief Justice, Secretary, Treasurer, and Other Civil Officers established in the Colony; and for contingent Expences attending the Public Offices To an additional Salary to the Governor of the Province -

To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -

To the Expence of an Orphan House -

To the Salaries of the Magistrates and other Civil Officers established at Lunenburgh; and , for contingent Expences attending the Settlement there - -

To the Seamens Wages, Stores, Provisions, and Repair of a Pilot Schooner in the Service of the Province -

To the contingent Expences attending the new Settlements making in different Part* of the Province, entertaining Indians, and keeping up a good Correspondence with them, transporting Stores and Materials from Halifax to different Parts of the Province; and for other unforeseen incidental Charges -

c s* J.

2,613 — —

500 — —

eoo — — -

3*4 I

584 10 —

202 9 11

I,2bO — —

3,684 i IO

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

p'iScotia. The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of January 1761, of the Return made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Orders of this House, for an Ac-tount to be laid before this House, of the Monies paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from ill of January 1759, to 31st of December following; and also, for an Account to be laid before this Vol.29»

House, of the Monies paid, and Charges incurred, by supportisg and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the lft of January 1760, to the 31st of Detethber following, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, arid Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, From the lft of January 1759, to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account

Civil

Establishment

of

Nova Scotia,

IOO

21 ° — 23* Decembris.

17 6r«

Merton

Inclosure-

Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January 1760, to the 31st of Dec following.

A Petition of the Rector and Scholars of Exeter College in Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been brought in for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields of the Parish of Merton, in the County of Oxford-, and alleging, that the Rectory of the said Parish, conlifting of the Tythes of the whole, and- also a considerable Glebe, whereof Eighty-six Acres lie intermixed and dispersed within the Common Fields of the said Parish, are Part of the Inheritance and Endowment of the said College; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same would be very detrimental to the Rights and Revenues of the Petitioners and their Successors: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel against the said Bill^ and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of , in the County of Oxford, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel upon their said Petition.

Mad and A Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satis-^’(lhiejrous faction for Damages done by them, and to prevent the * bad Consequences arising from mad and other mif-chievous Dogs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

27th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 d Decembris \ Anno 20 Georgii III1*' Regis, 1761. Praters.

AMefiage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom, from Ireland, for a limited Time, for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other Ships and Vessels in His Majesty’s immediate Service and Pay, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Importation of salted frovisions.

Chester Poor, and Streets.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire-Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

City and County of the City of Litchfield, hath' lately presented to the House his Petition, complaining of aa undue Election and Return of John Esquire, one

of the Sitting Members for the said City and County; and also charging the Petitioner with Partiality, and other Offences and Breaches of his Duty, as Sheriff and Returning Officer at the said Election; and taking Notice that the Matter of the said Petition is ordered to be heard at the Bar of this House on the 19th Day

of January next: And therefore praying. That the House will permit the Petitioner, in Vindication of hrs

Conduct and Innocence, to be heard by his Counsel at the Bar, upon the Matters of the IcvcFal Charges made against him; and that the’House will give unto the Petitioner that Protection and Relief which his same may deserve.

And a Motion being made, That the Petitioner be admitred to be heard by his Couniel at the Bar of this House, against the Charge contained in the said Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, at the same Time that the

Matter of the said Petition is appointed to be heard;

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at- Royal Act* tend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers. ,0 hus.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; v

An Act for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors for Home Confufnptton, by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in tain, or imported into the feme; and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of rude

Spirits j and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors:

An Act for the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, into this Kingdom, from , for a limit-

ed Time, for the Supply of His Majesty’s Ships, Transport and other Ships and Vessels in His Majesty’s immediate Service and Pay:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, near Willoughby Hedge-, and from West to

Hill; ami from Ame/hury to Fid die! on; and from the New Inn in Amefbury to the end of the Parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to- Cocdds House and Land ford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head, and from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Shrew-ton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Holy Cross in fiore, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter and John Paris:

An Act for naturalizing John Berens.

*1

k;

A

to

k

k

k

to

k

Ordered, That William Jackson late Sheriff of the City and County of the City of Litchfield, be admitted to be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of this House, against the Charge contained in the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield, at the same Time that the Matter of the said Petition is appointed to be heard.

Li'chfieM

Election.

Litchfield

£leCUon.

A Petition of William Jackson, late Sheriff of the City Mr. Gore presented to the House, according to Order, Army; and County of the City of Litchfield, was presented to a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Manny the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioner ob- better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And Delation serves that Hugo Meynell, Esquire, a Candidate at the the same was received; and read the First Time, last Election ot Members to serve in Parliament for the - Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

22

A Bill

Jfarint

Forces.

Privilege.

t Geo. III. 230 Decembris — 190 Januariu for

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 2jth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Complaint being mode to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Jonathan Blake, of , Head borough, John Soueh, Churchwarden there, and John Fit, a Beadle of the Parish, did, on Saturday the 19th Iostant, seize John Dalton, menial Servant to John Qev-land, Esquire, a Member of this House, who was then driving a Team of his Mailer’s through Fulham, which South flopped, and they took him into the King’s Arms (he making no RefiHance) where Blake read a Warrant against him for a Ballard Child, and demanded Ten Pounds of him for his Discharge; which he not paying, they carried him before Justice Fielding who committed him to the New Prison, Clerkettwwhere he now lies.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said

Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday the 19th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning,

Mar lit, 190 die Januarii;

Anno a* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prate as.

MR. West presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surpluies, Hated the 5th of April 1761: And also, Surplufes, Hated the 10th October 1761.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The laid Surplufes are preserved among# the other Papers of this Session: And the AbHra&s thereof are as followeth $ viz.

Vol. if.

Cc

Surplufes.

ABS1 R ACT of the said Surpluses, stated the 5 th of April 1761.

D

(q;

n'

CD

CL

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND - -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1761; viz.. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio r Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

Dr.

£ ' ' 545,282 17 iof 104,338 8 5

298,085 19 6{

947,7^7 5 92

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 176 r, pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii -A1, for consolidating the Funds; vix.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2di, for the

Service of the Year 1731" - 15*040 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Act 16° Georgii zdl - - i6,oco — —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180

Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - - 19,189 3 5}

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act

190 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1746 - - - 19,900 2 5h

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted

by an Act 20° Georgii Z61, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - 53*360 5 6

The Income of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Ait 20° Georgii 2^, for the

Service of the said Year 21,135-----

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Ait 210 C«?r-

gii 2^, for Service of the Year 1748 ----- 173*549 1 6J

The Duty of 6 /. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Ait 6° Georgii i®1,

for the Service of the Year 1720 - - - — 9 —

The Duty oil Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of,

Gold or Silver Plate, granted from the 5th July 1759, P^ Att 32°

Georgii adi - 1,014 — —

To the Duty ol 3 s. 4.J. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2di, Page 51, in that behalf ... 121,387 14

To the Duty of 12 s. per barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Ait 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di,

Page 218 ----- - 2,064 — — -

To the Surplus of the additional Dufies on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl, Page 457 - - - 24,639 9 8

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England\ brought to this Account, pursuant to the said Act 2S0 Georgii 2,!i - 1,826 17 5 4

To the Duty on Licences (or retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account, purh.ant to the Ait 290 Georgii 2di, Page 312 - 35,882 — —

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant

to one other Ait 290 Georgii 2d, Page 523 ----- 4,766 — —

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities ot Silver Plate, brought to this Account, pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2% Page 352 7,492 — —

Per Contra - - -- - - -- - Cr.

£. s. d.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Inlcrelt, due the 5th of January 1761, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum ofj£\ 21,127,821. 5 /. 1 f subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 perCent. transferable Annuities at the Bank of England\ pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 29°, 320, and 330 Georgii act, in that Behalf - - 3*6,917 6 4J

By D°, for the Charges of Management of £. 13*537,821. 5s. ijd. Part of the said principal

Sum of £ 21,127,821, 5/ i$d. for Half a Year, to the said 5th of January 1761 - - 3,726 10 2f

By D°, for the Charges of Management of £. 6,930,000 (other Part of the said principal Sum)

for 2 Years, ended the said 5th Day of January 1761 - 7*796 5

By D°, for 1 Year’s Charges of Management of £. 660*000 (Residue of D°) to the said 5th of

January 1761.....v -.....’ 37l 5 —

By the Chief Cashier of the Lid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of April 1761,btirg.after the Rafe of^. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.17,701.323. 16/. 4 d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities r - transferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25* Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf - 265,519 17 ij

By D°, for Charges of Management of thefq Annuiiies, for the same Half Year - 4*978 9 lof-

By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1761, beingalter the Rate of£. 3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000 Hit on Credi: of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ail 290 Georgii 2^, Pugt 224, in that Be lalf - - 26,250 — —

By D°, for Charges of Mu.n gement of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year - - - 421 17 6

By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the Lid 5th of January 1761, beingafter the Rate of £. 3 per.Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum or £. 2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ait 24° Georgii , Page 39, in that Behalf - - 31,500 — —

By tire Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, Sec. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Ail, Page 59, in that Behalf - - - 590 12 6

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Liver, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an A"l 320 Georgii 2^, for the Half Year ended the 5th of January 1761 - . - - - - * ----- - 16.541 7 6

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the Lid 5th of January 1761, of the several Rates and Duties upon Otficesand Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 310 Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3. ioj. per Ct. on £, 4,500,000, and/’* 3per Centum 00£. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service ol t lie Year 1758, which Sail is lo be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, super CLufc ui the said Act, Page 746, in that Behalf £5,027. 3 5

» —

on

u

102 19

V ’

To the additional Sump Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii a41, brought to this Account, pursuant to the Act 3a0

O Georgii a41 24,630 — —

!"* To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - 3,160 t8 2}

to To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the Like ——

To D°----- of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, *he like 6,440 —

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Aff 320 Georgii a41, brought to this Account, pursuant, to the Affc 33* Georgii a41,

Page 305.....- - -101,045 — 11}

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like - - - 5,111 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ..... *>443 -

660,076 a 4}

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1761, for the Purposes following, per

A & i° Georg: i 3lii, Page 379, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1760, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 310 Georgii a41, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 - - 72,011 6 11

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1760, of the Subsidy of Poundage upon certain Goods and Merchandizes imported, and an additional Inland — -

Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, to answer Annuities, after the Rate of 3 per Centum charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 3a0 Georgii a41 - - 51969 ia 9$

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5 th Day of July 1760, of the several Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2^, to answer Annuities after the Rate of

4 fa'Centum charged thereupon - - - - 49,424 — —

— 787,481 x

£.i,735,i88 7 10}

ess ,i u

D

ca

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ for Charges of Management of the- Annuities payable in respect of the said Five Million?, borrowed pursuant to the Act 31® Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year ended the said 3th of January1761 -

By the Bank of England, for Interest and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, made forth at the Exchequer, on Credit of the growing Produce of this Fund, granted and directed to be applied by an Act 330 Georgii 2*", towards the Supply of the Year 1760

By Cadi paid the Uffier of the Exchequer, for Neccflfaries furnished the Exchequer Bill Office

o

tn

4,3591910

6 5 -

By Cash taken in further Part of 2,602,706. 9/. 9 d,granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1760, pursuant to an Act 330 Georgiiadl, Page 384, in that Behalf - 1,021,775 3

1 m 1

£.1,755,^8 7 i°3

This being the Seventy-seventh Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii i®1, Page 367, i* humbly presented this 19th Day of 1762.

7.

o

wo

19° Jam

ABSTRACT ctf the said Surplus*, stated the ioth October 1761.

o

o

The EXCHEQJJER to the SINKING FUND....

Tl0 Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of QOober 17615 vix. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fond, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

To Montes brought to this Account the loth of October 1761, pursuant to the Act passed 25* Georgii iA, for consolidating the Funds; was.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii i4*, for £. j. /, the Service of the Year 1731 - -- -- - 20,367 7 6

Surplus of the additional Duties 011 Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 16° and 170 Georgii 2^ - 9,969 — - —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 180

Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- 25,75515 a}

The like of the Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19°

Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1746 - - - - -15,18013 1

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 200 Georgii 2dt, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - - 47,524 14 8

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Act ao° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year - -- 26,116 4 8£

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per A ft 21°

Georgii 2 , for the Service of the Year 1748 - - - - -186,756 13 2

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii i®1

for the Service of the Year 1720 - — —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of.

Gold or Silver Plate, granted from the 5th of July 1759»/ Act 3a0 Georgii

a*.....- 5,7«>9-----

To the Dufy of 3 /. \d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pnrfu-ant to an Act 26° Georgii la, Page 51, in that Behalf - - - 108,847 II 4

To the Duty of us. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 270 Georgii 2a,

?*Ze218.....3,^47 — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2® Georgii act, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Englwtd, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii adI, Page 457 - 29,851 14 8}

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per A ft i° Georgii 2di, for

railing the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Eng- '

land, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28* Georgii a* - 29,032 10 1}

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2*,

Page 312 - - 15,279 15 9

To the additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2-1, Page 323 ----- 2,936 4 6

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2*1, Page 332 - - - - 9,813 —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Gecreii sdl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 32°

Georgii J* ----- 35»385 6 3

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - - . - 4,974 4

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, the like - 11,692 8 8$

To D°----- of the Duties on Licences for retailing SpirituousLiquors, the like 14,738 13 9

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 330 Georgii a*0.

Page 305 ----- 125,!47 2 2

To the additional inland Duty on Coffee, the like ----- 5>479 —

To the additional inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - 7&z — —

D\

£. s. d. 844,846 XI I 128,104 18 IO 380,869 2 1£

I,3J3#820 12 — \

724,966 *4 —

£ 6 — J

Per Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* for Half Year's Interest, due the cth of July 1761, being after the Rate of £.$ per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 21,127,821. 5 s. if d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of C^bP* Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England,* pursuant to the Acts 25°, a8°, 29% 320, and 3 30 Georgii a*1, in that Behalf ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the fold Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the ioth of OSlobn- 1761, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum* on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323. l6r. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 250 Gerngii 241* Page 598, in that Behalf - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1761, being after the Rate of £. 3. ioj. per Centum per Annum* on the principal Sum of £, 1,500,000, Part of Two’ Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1756, pur-fuanc to the Act 29° Georgii 2a, Page 224, in that Behalf - -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due the 5th of July 1761, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii 2di, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas* (Ac. for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Angle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, grantedbv an Act 30° Georgii 2*", and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the cth of July 1761 -

By the Chief Caftiier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1758; which said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year ended the 5th of July 1761 -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the find 5th of July 1761, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 310 Georgii act, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England* after the Rate of 3. 10/. per Centum* on £. 4,500,oooorand £. 3 per Centum on jf. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1758; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 746, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of July 1761, of the several Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2a, to answer Annuities after the Rate of £.4 per Centum* charged thereupon, pursuant to the said Act, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 219, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of July 1761, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer 2nd pay the several Annuities of £. 3 per Cent. and £. 1. 2s. 6d- per Centum, on £. 11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions borroweef towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1761, pursuant to an Act 1* Georgii 3lil, which Sum is to be replaced td this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 211, in that Behalf --By Cash taken in full of£. 2,602,706. qs.gd. gtarted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1760, pursuant to an Act 33° Georgii 2*, Pint 384, in that Behalf - - # -

By Cash taken in Part of £. 1,762,400, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1761, pursuant to a* Act 1* Georgii jttif Page 3^6, In that Behalf

C'.

£. O

4*

316,917 6 4i

S,86i j u|

»6>,5‘9 >7

4,978 9 ioJ

26,250 -- —

421 i7 6

31,500 —

590 12 6

>6,502 x 8 9

1,406 5 —

19,36^ 13 4!

10,540 — —

This being the Seventy-eighth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant ta the Act 9* Georgii x'tai* Page 367, it humbly0 presented this 19th Day of Januaty 1762.

103,906 — — 477,786 16 aj

797>239

/.a.078,787 6

n

190 Jammu A. 1762.

2 Geo. III.

19" Januarii.

Purb-im

Ordered, That the fill'd Surplufcs do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Major General And also,

A Petition of the Freemen of the City of

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, relating

I05

in thisConjun&ure, been entered into between that Crown and France, and a Treaty made to unite all the Branches

of the House of Bourbon in the most ambitious and dangerous Designs, against: the Commerce and Independency of the rest of Europe, and particularly of My Kingdoms.

Whatever Colours may be endeavoured to be put up-

to the Election and Return for the find City, on these injurious Proceedings of the Court of

It 1

tc

K i

*- 1

r> £'

being offered to be pvelented to the House;

A Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, That the Indenture whereby Ralph Gow/aud, Esquire, is returned a Citizen for the said City, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the 26th Day of December last, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the 13th Day of

I have nothing to reproach Myself with; and though I have left nothing untried that could have prevented this Rupture, I have thought it necessary to prepare against every Event.

I therefore rely on the Divine Blessing on the Justice of My Cause, the zealous and powerful Assistance of My faithful Subjects, and the Concurrence of My Allies, who

November last, requiring all Persons that will question must find themselves involved in the pernicious and ex-any Returns, to do it with'ii Fourteen Days next, and tensive Projects of My Enemies,

so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House having been adjourned from the 23d Day of December last to this Day;

And the House being informed, that the said Peti-

il

It

Z

X*

1C

c*

c

X

sf?

c!»

'll

r>

h

I leave these Confederations wdth you; full of the justest Confidence that the Honour of My Crown, and the In-teiefts of My Kingdoms, are safe in your Hands.

Then the Residue of the Petition of Major General

iioners would have petitioned this House within Fourteen John Lambton was read.

Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the The laid Petition sets forth, That, upon the Death of House had not been so adjourned; the Petitioner’s Brother (the late Mr. Lambton) who was

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the nth chosen One of the Representatives in Parliament for the Day of January 17.17, containing the Proceedings of the City at the last General Election, and died the

House in relation to the Petition of Frazer Honeywood, 26th Day of June last, Ralph G one land, Esquire, and the Esquire; and also, to the Petition of the several Inhabitants Petitioner, became Candidates to represent the said City of the ancient Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shafusbury, in in the room of the said Mr. Lamb/on; and that John

the County of Dorset, whole Names are thereunto fob- Drake B a hi bridge, Esquire, then an Alderman of the said ferihed. on behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants City, was (together with several other Aldermen) very within the said Borough paying Scotland Lot, complain- strenuous and active in soliciting Votes for Mr.;

ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and that they, and their Agents, corruptly prostituted a which Petitions were not presented in due Time because public Charity to the Purposes of influencing several in-

of the Adjournment of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petitions, new offered to be presented to the House, be admitted to be received, the same not being presented in due Time, because of the last Adjournment of the House.

Then the la;d Petition of Major General John -ton was brought up; and in Part read.

Mtllige A Meffiigc from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, tnwidihe Gentleman Usher of the BlacK. Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; Where His Majesty

digent Freemen; and that finding the Inclinations of a large Majority of the legal Voters were in Favour of the Petitioner, they concerted a Scheme of overpowering that Majority by factitious Votes; and that, for this Purpose, the said John Drake and several other Aider-

men of the said City, long after Mr. Gowland and the Petitioner had publickly declared themselves Candidates, and within a few Weeks of the late Election, took upon themselves, illegally, to displace out of the Common Council of the Hid City, several of the most substantial and reputable Inhabitants, and to substitute other Perform of inferior Character and Station, whose only Recommendation was their known Attachment to Mr. Gowland; and that, on the Fourth Day of OctoberXeSk, the said John Drake Bainbridge procured himself to be appointed Mayor of the said City, and after his Appointment to that Office, continued the same Zeal and Activity in soliciting

, j Votes for the said Mr.; and that the said John

was pleated to make a most gracious Speech from the Drake Bainbridge, and several of the Aldermen of the ~ ----- - . Hid City, having unduly garbled a Common Council for

their Purpose, they proceeded on the 13th Day of O£lo-ber last to make a pretended, but illegal. Repeal of an ancient By-law, by which none could be admitted Freemen fill their Claim had passed Three quarterly Guilds; a Regulation that was made for the better Security of the legal Freemen and trading Companies of the City,

Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr.

Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which be read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have so often allured you of My sincere Disposition to put an End to the Calamities of War, and to restore the public Tranquillity on solid and lasting Foundations, and to prevent a precipitate Admission of improper and

that no impartial Person, either at 1 !ome or Abroad, can suspect Me of unnecessarily kindling a new War in Europe: But it is with concern 1 acquaint you, that, since your Recefe, I have found myself indispensubly obliged to declare War against Spain.

The Causes are let forth in My public Declaration on this'Occasion, and therefore I shall not detain you with a Repetition of them. My own Conduct since My Ac-ceftion to the Throne, as well as that of the late King, My lloyal Grandfather, towards Spain, has been so lull of Good-will and Friendship, so averle to the laying hold of several just Grounds of Complaint which might have

unqualified Persons; and that, having thus rescinded and got rid of the aforesaid By-law, which would have prevented the Execution of their Scheme, some of the Aldermen above-mentioned, on the Second of November last: (which was not a Month before the Writ of Election issued) illegally, and against the Consent of a large Majority of the Trading Companies, admitted.upwards of Two hundred occasional Freemen, fi r no other Purpose but to increase the Poll for Mr. Gowland; and that the Persons so admitted were St angers to the said City, residing at a Distance, and nidi of them unknown to the Wardens of the Companies, but strenue.us Parti ans of Mr.

been alleged, and lo attentive to the Advantages of the Gowland, and under the Influence of the said Mayor and Catholic King and his Family, that it was Matter of the his confederate Aldermen; and alleging, that, even after greatest Surprise to Me to find that Engagements had, the Teste of the Writ of Election, and during the very Yot. 29. P d Time

Durham

Election.

Durham

felc&ioo.

Address on the Xing's Speech.

106

ip° — 2o° Januarii. A. 1762*

Time of the Poll, the aforesaid Mayor unduly admitted a great Number of Persons to the Freedom of the said City, in order to procure, at any Rate, a Majority of Votes for Mr. Gowland; and that, notwithstanding re-

seated Applications were made to the said Mayor, by the etitioner and his Agents, for an Inspection of the Corporation Guild Book, and for a List of the pretended Freemen, so made and admitted as aforesaid, he, the said Mayor, refused both; and that, at the late Election, which began the 7th Day of December last, the aforesaid Mayor, illegally, and contrary to his Duty as returning Officer, admitted the Votes not only of the occasional Freemen above-mentioned, but also of many other Persons who had no Right to vote in that Election, and unjustly rejected several Persons who offered, and ought to have been admitted to vote for the Petitioner; and that, notwithstanding the Number of such occasional Freemen, so admitted to vote, amounted to upwards of Two hundred, yet the pretended Majority for the Sitting Member, upon the Clofc of the Poll, was no more than Twenty-three; and that, to complete the Design of these unwarrantable Practices, the aforesaid Mayor hath, unjustly, and contrary to the Duty of his Office, returned the said Mr. Gowland, as duly elected Representative of the said City, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a clear Majority of One hundred and Ninety-two legal Votes in his Favour, and ought to have been returned accordingly; and that this Conduct of the said Mayor and his Confederates is a maniteft Injustice to the Petitioner, an open Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the legal Freemen and Voters of the said City, and a daring Infringement of the Orders of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petition of the Freemen of the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also brought up, and read; alleging, That, by those Proceedings of the said Mayor and his Confederates, the Petitioners, and the rest of the legal Freemen of the said City, are greatly injured, and their Rights, Liberties, and Franchises, very grossly violated, and invaded: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tubfday the Fourth Day of May next.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for His having been pleased to communicate to this House the Motives which have obliged His Majesty to declare War against Spain; a Measure which hath been rendered unavoidable by the offensive Conduct of that Court, the great Armaments made in Spain, both by Sea and Land, and by the repeated Denials of those Explanations, and of that just Satisfaction which His Majesty, for the Security of His Kingdoms, had so much Reason to demand: To declare, That this House fees, with Concern, that Influence which hath unhappily prevailed in the Court of Spain, and which hath determined them no longer to disavow their hostile Intentions, but to come to Extremities, contrary to the real Interest of both Nations: To acknowledge, with the warmed Sentiments of Gratitude and of Duty, the many signal Instances of His Majesty’s Moderation, and of His tender Concern for His People, in His constant Endeavours to prevent this Rupture, if it had been possible; and to express the highest Satisfaction at the Preparations which His Majesty, in His Royal Wisdom, hath in the mean time directed to be made for that Event:

To assure His Majesty, That, thoroughly sensible of the Dangers with which the ambitious Designs, and Union of the House of Bourbon, theaten the Commerce and Independency of these Kingdoms, and of the rest of Europe, His faithful Commons will, with the utmost Firmness and Vigour, steadily support His Majesty in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War, and for the Attainment of an honourable Peace.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord North, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir Francis Dashwocd, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fox, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Samuel Martin, Lord Milton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Egmont, Mr. Pitt, Lord Thomond, Mr. Rigby, Lord Cary s fort, Doctor Hay, Sir George Savile, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John Philipps: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. , c

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Hugo Litchfield Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and ^e^lon* Return for the City of Litchfield, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouragement the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and Seamen, effectual manning His Majesty’s Navy: And that Lord George Cavendish, Doctor Hay, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Stanley, the Lord Villiers, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Clevland, Mr. Philip Stephens, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,20° die Januarii Anno 20 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Petit ion of Francis Rhodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, Fatio’s John Henry Cafenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff', was (and others) presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave ^at* may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilkes and Mr. Bankes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Duke of unto subscribed, being Proprietors or Owners of Shares Bridgewater’s of and in the Navigations of the Rivers Mersey and /r- LonSford well, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, Bridge,

on behalf of themselves, and sundry other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That, in carrying into execution an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the First, for making the Rivers Mersey and Irzvell navigable, the Petitioners, and those through whom they claim, have expended the Sum of£. 18,000, and upwards, whereby the said Rivers have been rendered completely navigable; and taking Notice of Two Acts, One passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the 33d Year of his said Majesty, authorizing the Duke of' Bridgewater to make, at his own Expence, a navigable Cut or Canal

2 Geo. III. 20° Januarii. 107

from a certain Place in the Town ship of Salford, to or near Worsley Mill, and , in the Manor of

Worfiey, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancajie; and from or near Worsley

Mill, over the River lrwel to the Town of;

and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the said County of Lancaster-, and also taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, to enable the said Duke to extend the said Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, over the River Merfty, to the Jlones, in the Township of Halton, below and

there to fall into the said River ;and also alleg-

ing, That the Petitioners have perused the said Bill, and that they have great Part of their respective Fortunes engaged in, and depending upon, the Navigation of the said Rivers Mersey and Irwell, which will be extremely hurt, and the Petitioners Estate and Interest therein rendered of very inconsiderabte Value, should the said Duke be authorized to make the said Cut, or Canal: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Part of the Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think (it.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Duke of A Petition of the Honourable Richard Barry and Peter Bridgewater's Legh, Esquires, joint Lords of the Manor of Groppenhall;

Longford Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, Lord of the several Manors

Bridge, of Norton and API on Grange; Peter Brooke, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of Walton the Higher, and Walton the Lower-, Lydia Noble, Widow, One of the joint Lords of the Manor of Sail-, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the several Townships of Halton, Norton Moor, A SI on Grange, Higher Walton, Lower Walton, Appleton, Groppenhall, Lat Lymm, lington, Dunham Majfey, and Sale, all in

the County Palatine of Chester; was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Acts, and of the said Bill; and alleging, That the Petitioners are informed the said navigable Cut or Canal between Longford Bridge and the before mentioned,

is intended to be made through the Manors, Lands, and Grounds of the Petitioners, within the several Town-ships before mentioned, which the Petitioners conceive will be extremely injurious to them, and is quite unnecessary: And therefore praying, to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the County of Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, That the said Duke’s Agents, some time ago, acquainted the Petitioners, that the said navigable Cut or Canal is intended to be made through the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners; and prevailed upon each of them to sign a Writing, purporting their respective Consents to the lame; and that the Petitioners gave such their Consents, without being fully apprized of the Consequence thereof, owing to the Assurances given the Petitioners, by the said Agents, that the making thereof would not only be of public Utility, but also of great Advantage to the Petitioners. That since the ligning of such Consent, the Petitioners have maturely considered the Consequences that will attend the cutting the said Canal through their respective Lands and Grounds; and do conceive that the same will be

Vol. 29.

very prejudicial to them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the feme may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be severally heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru<ftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Trader?, and Manufacturers, redding in and near to the Towns of Stockport, Altrincham, Nether Knutsford, and and to Lymm. 'Thelwall, and other Places in the County Palatine of Chefitr:And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Traders, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill, and representing to the House many Advantages, which the Petitioners allege will arise from the making and maintaining the said Navigation, without any Addition or Increase to the Tonnage granted by the former Acts: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Iaw, under such Regulations, and with such Provisions, as to the House shall seem necessary and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town-ships of Titherington, Butley, Pointon, and

Nor bury, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselver, and all other the Inhabitants of the said Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderston to Draycott in the and from Wetley Rocks to Yean, in the County of Stafford: And setting forth. That the Road leading from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to Bullock , is Part of the Road from Sandon to Bullock Smithy, mentioned in the said Bill, and leads through the several Townships of 'titherington, Butley, Adlington, Pointon, and Norbury, and none other; and is mostly upon Gravel, and may easily be repaired, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and by virtue thereof, a Toll Gate should be erected’upon the Road betwixt Macclesfield and Bullock Smithy, the same would be a very heavy Charge to the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Townships and Places adjacent: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of William Constable, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sproatley, in Holderness, in the County of York, and Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Lordship of Sproatley aforesaid,

and

Duke of Bridget ater’l Canal at Longford Bridge.

Sandon,

Bcc.

Road.

Sproatley

Inclosure.

io8

20° Jana.

A. 1762.

and also Patron of tiic Parish Church of Sproatley aforesaid; George Gowndrill, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Sproatley aforesaid; John Bell, Marmaduke Brown, James Wilkinson, and John Binnington, Gentlemen; on the behalf of themselves and others, having Lands and Right of Common, or otherwise interested in divers Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the said Lordship of Sproatley; was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, contain together 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts, and if divided and inclosed would be very convenient and beneficial to the Parties interested therein; and that the Petitioners have agreed to have the same divided and allotted, in proportion to each Person’s Right in the lame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill for confirming and establishing their laid Agreements, and for other the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Montgomery Metham and Sir George Armytage do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hinckley A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, through an(j 0t;her principal Inhabitants in and near the Towns of &cfC| Hinckley, Burbage, Smockington, Claybrooks,

Road. Lutterworth, and South in the County of

cester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was prefeoted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the g eat Road leading from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, through Burbage, Smockington, Nether Claybrooke, Upper Claybrooke, , and

Bittefwell, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End, in the Parish of Mifterton, in the said County of Leicester, through South Kihvorth, in the same County, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton, in the Turnpike Road leading to Northampton, is in many Places very narrow, ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and almost impafiable for Carriages; and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making, repair-' ing, and amending the said Road, in such Manner as to

the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Philipps, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clive, Mr. non, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Lord Verney, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Byde, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord North, Mr. Northey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walsh; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of,

Leicester, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chester A Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Poor nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the and Streets. Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Legh, Mr. Northey, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rankes, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Mr.

mondetey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Houblon, Lord North, Mr. A/fon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman D'ukin-son, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Scott, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Parker, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

ham Bootle, Mr. Burt, Mr. Gascoxne, Mr. Grant, Lord

Grey, Mr. Child, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Walsh, Mr.

Mr. Vane, Lord Milton, Mr. Walpole, Admiral Coates,

Mr. Wiijon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord

Fernex, Mr. Cavendish, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Mr.

Ward; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Stafford, and f )r ti-e Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ciumbe-.

Ordered, That HutchifonMure, Esquire, be rt liberty Wigtown, to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue _.*£ Election and Return for the District of Burghs of I Fig- e l‘°n' town, Whithorn, New Galloway, and

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this IToufe, Account of what Money has been issued by the Tre.ifurer of His or<,<,r«i; Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to an Act made in the 12th (LonS, IUJe) Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea: Abb. pursuant to an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for surveying the chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Hlands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Latitude and Longitude thereof: And likewise, pursuant to an Act made in the a6th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the aforesaid Act, made in the 1 2th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queer!; with Regard to the making Experiments of Propotals made for discovering the Longitude.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, ap- Addref*

pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented K; to His Majesty; That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and for having been pleased to communicate to this House the Motives which have obliged Your Majesty to declare War against Spain-, a Measure which hath been rendered unavoidable by the offensive Conduct, of that Court; the great Armaments made in Spain, both by Sea and Lard; and by the repeated Denials of those Explanations, and of that just Satisfaction which Your Majesty, for the Security of Your Kingdoms, had so much Reason to demand.

We fee, with the great;ft Concern, that Influence which hath unhappily prevailed in the Court of Spam; and which hath determined them no longer to dilavow their hostile Intentions, but, to come to Extremities, contrary to the real Interest of both Nations.

We acknowledge, with the warmest Sentiments of Gratitude and Duty, the many signal InUances of Y'our Majesty’s Moderation, and Your tender Concern for Your People, in Your constant Endeavours to prevent

Afcounl

presented.

Privilege.

Nora

Scotia.

a Geo. 111. ao°

vent this Rupture, if it had been possible: And we beg leave to express our intire Satisfaction at the Preparations which Your Majesty, in Your Royal Wisdom, hath in the mean time directed to be made for that Event.

Your Majesty may be allured; that, thoroughly fen-fible of the Dangers with which the ambitious Designs and Union of the House of threaten the Commerce and Independency of these Kingdoms, and the rest of Europei Your faithful Commons will, with the utmost Firmness and Vigour* steadily support Your Majesty in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War, and in Your unwearied Endeavours to procure for Your People the Blessing of a lafe and honourable Peace.

The laid Address being read a Second Time.

Resolved, Nemlne Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know Mis Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services, incurred from 24th November 1761, to 24th December 1761, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note, This Account was withdrawn upon the 25th instant, and a perfect one presented.

The House being informed that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given to John , Esquire,

(a Member of this House) in Relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of upon the 23d Day of December last;

JaHuarii. i of

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding uj>on the Matter of the said Complaint;

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment at the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Complaint being made to the House of a printed News Paper, intituled, " The London Chronicle: Or,

" Universal Evening Poll; from Tuesday December 22,

" to Thursday December 24, 1761: Sold by as containing printed Accounts of the Proceedings of this-House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table:

And Part thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Bacon (from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1759, to the 31st of December following.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The Book, containing the said Account, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

ACCOUNT of Money paid; and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1759.

T

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer -To Christopher Kilby, Esquire, late Agent for Nova Scotia, on Account of Fees, by him paid, on Money received from the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer -

To the Executors of the late King Gould, Esquire, Agent to the 4th Regiment of Foot, for several Sums advanced by him, on Account of the Four-pences paid to the Effectives of the said Regiment, and other Services -

To Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the public Service - *j£*3>375 10 8f

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers - - - - -2,7 929 —

To the Pay of Surgeons and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House - 1,356 10

To Stores, Provisions, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government -----.....- 4,937 *7

s. d. 6 xi

315 16 2

227 2 2

12,461 6 9J

13,081 12 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Bacon also reported, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That the Order of the House, made upon the 2ad of December last; " That there be " laid before this House an Account of the Money " paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of " Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1760, to the Von.. 29.

31st of December following," cannot at present be complied with, by reason the proper Officers, in the said Colony, have not transmitted complete Accounts of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment of Money for the Year 1760; but that as soon as the Accounts and Vouchers shall be received, the Account shall be made up with all possible Dispatch, and laid before the House.

E e Ordered,

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertioit;

Privily*

Great

Marlow E left ion.

Account

presented ova Scotia.)

IIO 20° — 21

d^ed* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An (Founding -Account of all Monies received and paid by the Gover-Hospital.) nors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1760 exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1761 inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices between the said 31st Day of December 1760 exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1761 inclusive; and allb an Account of the Number of the said Children who have been returned to their Parents between the said 31st Day of December 1760 exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1761 inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who have died between the said 31 ft Day of December 1760 exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1761 inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians on the said 31st Day of December 1761.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, do prepare and lay before this House an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1761 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1762 inclusive.

Wigtown* The Honourable Archibald Montgomery, Esquire, being Wm' chosen a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Air-, and also a Commissioner for the District of Burghs of Wigtown, New Gallo-

way, and Stranraer; made his Election to serve for the Shire of Air.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Wigtown, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and Stranraer, in the Room of the said Mr. Montgomery.

Sinking The House, according to Order, rifolved itself into Fuad, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for &c" charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being rea d;

»HdJ?e»ns Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

21

Januarii. . 1765.

Jovis, 21° die ’januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

Pkayers.

Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Strath Treru/eFoot to Landrake, and from thence to Culver Park Gate, within the Borough of; and

from Saltaft/ Passage to the Corner'd the Meadow, at

the East End of the Bridge, by the Lower Grift Mills, within the Borough of Plymouth; and from the North Stile of Saint Stephen's Church Yard, to the Alms House of the said Borough of Saltaft/-, and from Boroton Lane End, to the Fighting Cocks in the Parish of Betas Flemming, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adams,

Mr. Pane, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. HezSir George Sa~

vile, Mr. Bacon, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sir Ed-

ward Winnington, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. roton, Mr. Ouflozo, Mr. Anson, Mr. Mr Rigby,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Cleviand, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Bagct, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Banker,

Mr. Lgh, Mr. Houblon, Lord VerMr. Kyncfton,

Mr. Grant, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Frederick Camp-be/', Mr. Upton, Dr. Hay, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Child, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wash-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane, Mr. Mediycott, Mr. Journals.

Mr. He wet t, M:\ Upton, Mr. Hayes , Sir Charles dar.-u, Mr. Ali.ewe':, Mr. Lfter, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Ross, be r. ’ led to the Committee, appointed to consider of file J'e -.Tinting a sufficient Number of the Journals of this House, for the Use of the Members thereof.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, T«k and other Inhabitants of the Counties of York and Dvr-ham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pit:- g^ctaa. I fcnred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the eroding the River Teefe, at the Ferry near Stockton, with

Carts and Carriages, is, by reason of frequent Land Floods, High Tides, Sand Banks, and other Impediments, rendered not only dangerous and inconvenient, j

but attended with Damages and Delays; and alleging.

That the Building a BiHge cross the said River, at a

convenient Place, a little above the said Ferry, would

not only effectually remove and prevent such Dangers,;

Inconveniences, Damages, and Delays, but be of pub-

lie Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be (

given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the,

River Teefe, near to the said Town of Stockton, in such

manner as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the j

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it \

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Upton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cocks, 3

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Coventry,

Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Chester, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Luttrett, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Cholmley, Mr Ross, Mr. V/hitivorlh, Mr.

Mawbey, Mr. Wynne, Mr. JenniJ'onShafloe, Loid Carys- '

fort, Mr. Penton, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Mediycott, Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Hufjcy, Sir Edward Winning- 4

ton, Mr, Harris; and all the Members who serve for 15

the

4 Geo. III. 216 — 22° Janudrii. lit

the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, West- And the Jail Determination of the House, made uport

norland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this the toth Day of December 1718, concerning the Wight Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and , (whereby it was rdblved, that the Right of

Records. Election was in the Bailiffs, Magistrates, Freeholders of

Forty Shillings per Annum, and all that hold by Burgage Tr*<;eny, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Tenure, and in such Freemen only of the said City as 1 &c- Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, and are inrolled, paying Scotland Lot there) was also read.

inhabiting within and near the Towns and Boroughs of And the (landing Older of the House, made the 16th Tregony, Grampound, Truro, Penryn, Saint Maw's, Fowe Day of ‘January 1735, for retraining the Counsel at the and Lostwithielt and the Market Town of Falmouth and Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privi-1 St. Auftle, in the County of Cornwall, whole Names are leges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Legality of Votes for Members to lerve in Parliament, for read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, Loftwithtil'\uTrvp\ke Road, the Western Side of Teage contrary to the last Determination in the House of Gate, in the Parish of Creed, where Tregony and Gram- Commons, was also read.

pound Road divide, in the said County, through the said And the Counsel for the Petitioner Mr, were

I Borough of Tregony, to the Church of the Parish of heard.

1 Ruan Lane-home, in the said County; and from Truro And they having proposed to proceed, in the first Place,

! Turnpike, at Dennis Water in the Parish of Probus, in upon the Conduct of the Returning Officer, and the

1 the said County, to Three hundred Yards the South Side Merits of the Return;

Trethim Mill, in tire Parish of Saint Just, in Rose One of the Counsel for the Sitting Member petitioned

Land, in the County aforesaid; is very ruinous, and against was heard thereupon.

dangerous to Passengers; and for the most Part lo very And then the Cotinfel on both Sides were directed to

narrow, that Carriages cannot pals along the same with- withdraw.

put the greatest Difficulty; and cannot, by the ordinary They were again called in.

Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynill, pto-Jcept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave ceeded.

1 may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of a

and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such Manner Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, being

as to the House shall seem meet. produced;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- The total Numbers of the Voters for each Candidate, federation of a Committee: And that they do examine contained in the said original Poll, as they flood at the the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- Time of doling the Poll, was read, pear to them, to the House: And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. exa-

1 And it is referred to Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Thoroton, mined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the She-

Mr. Whitworth, Mr Hewett, Mr. Gowland, Mr. Mon- riff of the said City had been guilty of great Partiality in

tagu, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, favour of the said Sitting Member, during the Course Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Sir George Sa- of the Poll; and that, although in taking the Poll, no vile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lyster, Mr. James Buller, Mr. Vpte that was objected to had been allowed, of dif-ChapHn, Mr. Alderman Dickinfen, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, allowed, without the fullest Hearing of Counsel, and Mr. Serjeant Hezvett, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Beau- Evidence for and agair.fl such Vote; and although the clerk, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Majority of Votes upon the Poll so taken was in favour

I Hufiey, Mr. Lane, Mr. Price, Mr. West, Mr. Buller, of the Petitioner, Mr. AJeytiell, against the said Sitting

k Lord George Sackville, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Member, and the Numbers declared accordingly by the

Plumptre, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Robert Ladbroke, said Sheriff, he the said Sheriff did afterwards, upon Mr. Best, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Penton, Mr. Laficelles, Mr. Pretence of a Scrutiny, take upon himself torejeft several Harris, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bull, Sir Alexander Gil- of this Votes given for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell, in

1 mour, Mr. Hunt, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Pye, Contradiction to his own Allowance of the said Votes at

Lord Parker, Mr. Fitzwi/liam, General Bofcawen, Mr. the Time of taking the Poll.

Ai/labie, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Scott, Sir George Montgo- And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to

mery Metham, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Dodd, Y1 r. Levett; and withdraw.

all the Members who lerve for the Counties oiCornwall, Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of Devon, Dorset. and Somerset: And they are to meet this the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Lord George Cavendish reported to the House, That and Records. His Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to

the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s MttivicrV A Petition of Paul Metivier the younger, of London, Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; pray- by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended jug, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at Naturalization. ... his Palace of St. James,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. And then the House adjourned till 'so-morfow Whitworth and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in Morning, Nine of the Clock,

the lame.

Litchfield The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield.

And the Counsel were called in.

% And the said Petition was read.

And the Petition of William Jackfion, late Sheriff of the City and County of the City of Litchfield, was also read.

Vol. 29.

Verier is, 220 die *Januaru;

Anno 2* Georgii III1* Regis, 1762. Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clefgy, freeholders, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near to the several Parishes of Bolton Dean, Leigh, Winwick, and Warrington, all in the County Palatine of

Lancaftc

Addrefo

Bolton in the Moor*

Road.

112 22° Januarit. 176a*

Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; set- tioners, but also the Country in gc.X;-’. And thereLrc ting forth. That the Roads leading from the Guide Pott praying, that the said Bill may pais into a Law. near a certain House in the Occupation of Samuel Holden, Ordered, l’hat the said Petition be referred to the Com- 1

at the East End of a Moor near Bolton in the Moors, in mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and the County of Lancaster, called Bolton Moore, to the altering the Road from Sanson, in the County of Stafford, j

Market Town of Leigh, through Chow Bent, and from to Bullock Smithy in the County of and from

thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the Hildeffone to in the Moors; and from

South End ofa Bridge in Newton, called Newton Bridge; Jiocks to Tean, in the said County of is committecli j

and from the same Guide Post to the Turnpike Road

leading between Warring,v. and Wigan, at or near a cer- Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom F>atlon i tain Place called the ToiA Well in Winwick, in the said the Bill for establishing and confirming certain Articles Lclofur.. County of Lancaster; are in most Parts thereof very deep, of Agreement for the dividing and inclosing several and in many Places are too narrow; and that the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Town-Roads cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ships of and 27/ in the County of Derby,

ordinary Methods prescribed by Law; And therefore was committed; That the Committee had examined the praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; amending, widening, and repairing the said Road, in and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent such Manner as the House shall think proper. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- made several Amendments thereunto, which they had mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall directed him to report to the House; and he read the appear to them, to the House: Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

And it is referred to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Legh, Mr. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Bagot, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question General Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoro- severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

ton, Sir Ellis Cun/iffe. Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Tempest, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Thomlinjon, Mr. Co- ingrossed. ventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chester, Mr Fuller, Sir George

Savile, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read. '

Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Waljh. Mr. And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Buller, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Starkie, Mr. White, Mr. Burt, Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of Litchfield

Mr . Lascelles, Mr Mawbey, Lord Strange, Mr Harley, the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an tledlon* Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bull, Mr. undue Election and Return for the City of be

Grant, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. further adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Upton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Thomas Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, RThat this House will, at Half an Hour after SiukingFund, Stafford, Salop, and Derby; and for the Principality of Three of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a *c* Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Committee of the whole. House, to consider further of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the Bill for charging certain Annuities, granted in the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Year 1760, on the linking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund.

Price of A Petition of several of the Victuallers and Alehouse-Stroog Beer, keepers within the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House the Hard ships which the Petitioners allege they labour under, by the Brewers within the said City having raised the Price of Beer to the Petitioners, and the Impracticability of the Petitioners railing it to the Consumers: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the fe-veval Victuallers residing within the County of Middlesex and City of Westminster.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tl.e whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Sandon,

be.

koad.

Way* v and Mean*.

Supply.

Pcjt meridiem,

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty this Day with their Addref*; and near the Road, lying between the Market Town of to which His Majesty was pleated to give this most gra-Macclesfield and Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, cious Answer: whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Gentlemen,

the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners I return you My hearty Thanks for this feasonable observe, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is de- and affectionate Address: The Afifurances contained in pending, for making a Turnpike Road from Sandon, in it give Me the highest Satisfaction; and your Firmncfs the County of Stafford, through the Market Towns of and Resolution to support Me, will, I trust, enable Me Leek and Macclesfield, until it joins the Turnpike Road to defeat the ambitious Designs of Our Enemies, and between Buxton and Stockport, at Bullock Smithy afore- most effectually contribute to that salutary End which said; and setting forth, that the Road between Mac clef- We desire. field and Bullock Smithy aforesaid, or the greatest Part

thereof, is very deep and founderous, and almost impass- The Lord Barrington acquainted the House, That he able in the Winter Season , and that, should the said Bad a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the not only be of great Use and Convenience to tire Peti- House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, (all the Members

The King’* Answer to

Addref*.

King'*

2 Geo. III. 220 Janua 113

bers of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth;

viz.

George R.

His Majesty being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour with which His faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves, in Defence of His Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into Consideration; and to enable His Majesty to give them a proper Compensation for the , Expences incurred by the respective Provinces, in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by the lame, according as the aiftive Vigour, and strenuous Erforts of the respective Provinces, shall justly appear to merit.

G.

Ordered, Nemine contradice

That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Africin A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Sfl‘Jtacnt5' Merchants trading to Afri, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Sum granted for 1760; and setting forth, that the Petitioners are now investing the Money granted in 1761, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof, for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill s The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for railing by Annuities, in wubSum Manner therein mentioned, a certain Sum to be charged

Annuities, on the Sinking Fund j and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors; and also the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Price of Ordered, That Mr. John Pugh do, upon Monday Smog Beer. Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of Middlesex and City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. William Fennell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James do attend the said

Committee, at the fame. Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Smith do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bishop do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Keelar do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard do attend the

laid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Brown do attend the said Committee, at the same 'l’ime.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Dawfondo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, Thar Mr. Henry Nell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Lancaster do attend the said Committee, af the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cuthbert Jackson do attend tha fttid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Davis do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose Pennington do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Buxton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Samgfon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Reeves do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Rock do attend the find Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Symonds do attend the said Committee, at the same Time-.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Baydo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Turner do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Bonner do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Slack do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Wilkinfondo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hudson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The Lord Barrington acquainted the House, That he Message had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty: And lie presented the same to the 18 aje House; and it was read by Air. Speaker; (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

George R.

His Majesty being desirous that a proper Strength may be employed in the Settlements of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Indies, recommends to this House to enable His Majesty to assist the said Company, in defraying the Expence of a military Force in the East Indies, to be maintained by them, in lieu of the Battalion commanded by Lieutenant General Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimate suant to their Address to His Majesty, . presented.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1762.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 29.

Ff

Xi 4

t. 2° — 25° Januarii. ud. 17

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Petitioners of Hospital, for the Year 1762.

8,022 Out Pensioners /landing at pretent upon the Books of the Hospital, at per diem each ——

100 Letter Men, at 12d. per diem each -

31 Serjeants, at gd. per diem each -

From which dedu<fl The Sum of Forty-nine thousand Five hundred Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, which, by Etlimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1762

Remains to be granted upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1762 -

War Office,

2 id January 1762.

C. Townshe

Per diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. d. £ d.

167 2 6 61,000 12 6

5 1,825

1 3 3 424 6 3

173 5 9 63,249 18 9

- 49,500 8 4

- 13,749 ib 5

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sinking The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve x Fund, itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Half an &c- Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon, to consider further of the Bill for charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Litchfield The Order made this Day, for resuming the further Election. hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

The House proceeded to resume the further hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. , pro-

ceeded in their Evidence, and examined a Witness, in order to shew the Behaviour of the Sheriff at the Close of the Poll, when a Scrutiny was demanded by the Sitting Member petitioned against.

The said Witness was also examined, in order to prove that there were great Disturbances at the Time of the F ledlion, and that several of the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell% Voters were insulted and abused.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell, having summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And one of the Counsel for the Sitting Member petitioned against having been in part heard.

The Counlcl on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, do confine themselves at pretent to the Matter of the Return.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

They were again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, were further head.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* die Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downlon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Charles Pratt, Knight, now Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

Mr. Rigby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from fav flock to Plymouth and other Places in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Pe«

Downtoa

Writ.

Tavistock

Roads,

2 Geo. III.

2 50 Janudrii.

"5

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committeeto whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Peter War hurt on of Arley, in the County Puke of of Chester, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read;

Jtidgeuater’* Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Duke of Bridge

Csnal water to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford

Longford Bridge.

onaand "lle£4rThanXut’a Mik ^odThTO *£' Houli; re.ad1 {? the ""J

Quarters of the Und through which (as the Petitioner Advantages whtch the PeMtoncs aIlcge w.l 1 anse from

is informed) the said Cut or Canal is intended to be made, thli mak, JS "d matntaming he &,d Nav.gat.on, w.th-

is the Property of the Petitioner, and that the said Cu, KTT;,?'S'l*

or Canal is intended to be carried across the River Bolim,

Duke of

Longford Bridge.

Ditto.

above certain Water Corn Mills belonging to the Petitioner, called War bur ton Mills; and should the said Bill as it now (lands, pass into a Law, the Petitioner’s said Mills may be rendered useless, and the Petitioner may, in other Respects, be greatly injured: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law* or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers in the Town of , in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was al(b presented to the House, and read; Reciting, That, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, an Act passed for making the Rivers Mersey and Irwe/l navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of caster; and taking Notice of an Act passed in the 3»d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for authorizing the Duke of Bridgewater to make, at his own Expence, a navigable Cut or Canal from a certain Place in Salford to Worjley Mill and Middlewood; and to a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also, of another Act passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, whereby the said Duke was authorized to vary the Course of the said Canal, by conveying the same over the River Irwell, near Barton Bridge, and from thence to the Town of and

to Longford Bridge, in Stretford, in the said County; and likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging. That, since the passing of the said Act of the Seventh Year of King George the First, the said Rivers Mersey and Irwell have been rendered navigable between Warrington and Manchester* and that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend that it will he necessary to take therein so many Streams and Rivulets, which now flow into the said Rivers, that there will not

the former Acts: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of William Pochin, Esquire, the Reverend Thurmafton Nicholas Simons, and George Pochin, Clerks, and Samuel biclosure. Gamble, and William Gutteridge, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land in the open Fields of Thurmaston, in the several Parishes of Belgrave and Barkby, in the County of Leicester, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their prefen t Situation, incapable of much, if any, Improvement; and alleging, That, if the feme were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Person interested therein, it would greatly tend to improve their respective Estates in the feme Fields, and the Petitioners are desirous thereof, and that a proper Recompence may be made in lieu of the Rectorial and Vicarial Tytl.es,

Dues and Payments, arising and payable out of the said Fields, and the present Inclosures in ’Thurmaston aforesaid; yet the feme cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be givfn to bring in a Bill, pur-fyant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Sir Charles Mor daunt do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Paul And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Jacob Wolffe, Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolffe, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, accord-11 uni mule ic. m. ing to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whit-

and destroyed: And therefore praying, That the said Bill and Mr. Staunton do prepare, and bring in, the feme,

may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Mo

MetivitP*

Nat.

Fatio’s (and other;) Nat.

Wolffe’#

Nat.

be a sufficient Supply of Water, in the Summer Season, to navigate Vessels upon the said Rivers between Warrington and Manchester, whereby the Navigation to and from those respective Places will be rendered uleless,

nufacturers, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Acts, and of the said Bill; and alleging, That the Navigation of the said Rivers, for Ten Years last pad and upwards, has been, and now is, sufficient to perform all the Carriage required; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law', it would be extremely injurious to the Proprietors of the Navigation of the said Rivers: And therefore praying, That the feme may not pass into a Law.

Vql. 29.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed tp consider of the reprinting a sufficient Number of the Journals of this House, for the Use of the Members thereof, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Burl, Sir John Pennington, Mr.

' Ai-

Journal#.

Expiring

Laws.

- ji6

j

2 5 ° Januarii- 1762.

Accounts

preieuced.

Alderman Harley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harbord, Mr. N". An Account of all Monies received and paid Chetzvynd, Mr. Aled/ycolt. Sir Charles Alordaunt, Mr. Smith, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Clive, Mr. HuJJey, Maintenance and Education of expo fed and defrted

Lord Middlesex, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mon- young Children, between the 31 (I Day of December 1760, t erg a. Sir Edward Wttinington, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Wynne, exclusive, and the 3 1 ft Day of December 1761, inclusive;

Mr. Hezvett, Lord Strange, Mr. Byde, Sir George Savile, with the Balance then remaining: And also.

Air. Martin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. N°. 2. An Account of the Number of Children receiv-

Houblon, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Thorofon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. ed into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education

Mawbey, Sir George Warren, Mr. Rigby, Lord Grey, Mr. of expo Id cl and deserted young Children, on or before the Northey, Sir John Elziill, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Al- 25th Day of , 1760, who have been placed out Ap-

derman Dickinson, Mr. Wynne, Mr . Bagot, Mr. Fane, prentices, between the 3 ift Day of December 1760, ex- Mr. 'Plumptre, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Clev- clullve, and the 31st Day of 1761, inclusive:

land, Mr. Pud way, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bull, Lord Charles And also,

Spencer, Mr. Paterson, General Cornwallis, Mr. Adams, N°. 3. An Account of the Number of Children re-Sir Robert Long, Mr. Anson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townshend, ceived into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Edu-

Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Robinson, Lord George Sackville, cation of exposed and deserted young Children, on or Mr. Harris, Lord George Cavendiflh, Mr. Shiffner, Sir before the 25 th Day . of March 1760, who have been Edmund Thomas, Mr. Keppel, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Bul/er, Mr. returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of De-Wedderburn, Mr. Pitt, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Phomlin-cember 1760, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December /on, Lord Howe, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bullock, Colo- 1761, inclusive: And also,

nel Waldegrave, Mr. Mills, Sir Edmund 1/kam, Mr. Parker, N#. 4. An Account of the Number of Children Sir RogerNewd/gate, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Ver non, Mx.Pouchet, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Air. Grenville, Mr. Jennings, Doctor Hay, Mr. Mitchell, Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Philip Fonereau, Mr. Lane, Mr. Knight, before the 23th Day of March 1760, who have died Colonel Hotham, Mr. Pucker, Mr. Wi/fon, Mr . Jenyns, between the 31st Day of December 1760, exclusive, and Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Ai/labie, Sir Ellis the 3 ill Day of December 1761, inclusive: And also, Cunliff'e, Mr. Phynne, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mackitizie, Mr. N*. 5. An Account of the Number of Children re-Olmius, Mr. Hozvard, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. OJbal- ceived into the Hospital for the Alaintenance and Edu-deflon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Grant, Mr. Child, Mr. Godolphin, cation of exposed and deserted young Children, on or Lord Clive, Mr. Woodley, Sir Richard Glymte, Mr. De- before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living, laval. Sir John Puma, Mr. Clayton, Lord Harry Pozv- under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the lett, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Maynard, Sir Roger Moflyn, said Hospital, on the 31 ft Day of December 1761: And also. Colonel Calcraft, Lord Frederick Campbell, Colonel Ft a- N*. 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the fer. Sir Alexander Gilmour, Colonel Howe, Sir George Children received into the Hospital for the Alaintenance Armytage, Lord Filmy-, and all the Gentlemen of the and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, to the 31st Day in the Speaker’s Chamber. of December 1762, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Collingwood (Se- And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were cretary to the Hospital for the Alaintenance and Educa- read.

tion of exposed and deserted young Children) attended The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate

to the House, pursuant to their Orders, is as followeth, viz;

E

c

G

1

Ai

ft

1

Ax ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Alaintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, to the gift Day of December 1762, inclusive.

The Number of Children living on the 31st Day of December 1761, as Account herewith delivered, is 5,567.

The Charge of maintaining whom, including Clothing, Physic, and other incidental Expences, hath, by Experience, been found to amount to £. 7. 10 annually, for each Child, amounting to the Sum of - -- - - - 41,752 10 —

Signed by Order of the Committee,

Pho. , Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Alembers of the House.

Duke of Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wedtie/day last, Bridgewater’s for referring the Petition of the Honourable Richard aa"a Barry, and Peter Legh, Esquires, joint Lords of the Ma-Longford nor of Groppenkalli Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, Lord of Bridge, the several Manors of Norton and Acfon Grange; Peter Brooke, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of Walton the Higher and Walton the Lower; Lydia , Widow, ao

one of the joint Lords of the Manor of Sail; and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the several Town-ships of Halt on, Norton Moo, Aston Grange, Higher Walton, Lower Walton, Appleton, Groppenhall,

Phelwall, Lymm, Bollhgton, Dunham Ma/jey, -

ley, and Sale, all in the County Palatine of Chester; to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford , in the

Town-

P

‘pi

phi,

Hi

2 Geo. III. 25® Januarii.

Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lan-taster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hemp-fones, in the Township of Halt on, in the County of Chester, is committed; and for hearing the Petitioners, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition; be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order made upon last,

for referring the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the County of Chester, to the Consideration of the said Committee; and for bearing those Petitioners, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition; be discharged.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are then to be severally heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

117

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House being informed of an Omission in the Account of extraordinary Services incurred from 24th November 1761 to 24th December 1761, not provided for

by Parliament, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

Mr. Secretary at War, accordingly, presented to the House,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred from the 24th November 1761 to the 24th of December following, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read. -- The said Account is as followeth, viz.

Alt ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred from the 24th of November 1761 to the 24th December

1761, not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

1761. 43d bee.

£. s. d.

30th OS.

5th Nov. 30th.

oth Nov.

sith Dec.

x6th.

lift.

To Messrs. Magens and Amyands, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Pay-roaster of the Combined Army in Germa, and to, be by him applied and paid over, for the extraordinary Expences and Contingencies thereof, according to Directions from the Commander in Chief of the British Forces there, or by the Supervisor, Director, and Comptroller of His Majesty’s Commissaries in the said; Army -

To Messrs. Drummond and Co. to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Pye and Cruckjhank, by Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, for Forage, idc. provided for the Use of the Combined Army - 70,000 —

To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for.Forage, &c- for D® Army - 60,000 — —

.To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, Cjfr. for D® Army - 1,178

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, idc. for D® Army - 11,910 ——

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, idc. for D® Army - 90,000-----

To Messrs. Drummond and C®. to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Pye and , by

Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, for the Combined Army -

ToD®, tp satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, for Forage, idc. for D4 Army - -

To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn

by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, tdc. for D* Army - 4,380 6 9

To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn

by D®, by Order of D®, for Forage, (dc. for D® Army - 3,464 — 6

To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, tdc. for D® Artny - - 783 19 10

To D®, tp satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of Lieut. Col. Pierson, for Forage, &c. for D® Army - - 2,719 15 10

ToD®, tp satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®; by Order of D®, for Forage, tdc. for D® Army 2,719 15 10 To D®, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D®, by Order of the Marquis of Granby, for Forage, for D® Army - - - - - - - - 6,864-----

150,000 - — —

18,000 — —

90,000-----

.you 29.

G g

Account; Extras.

118

t)atcs of Warrants*

1762.

8th Jany Bill dated 24th Dec.

1761.

Bill dated 22d Dec.

1761.

Bill dated 24th Dec.

1761.

19th M

1761.

16 th Dec. 1761.

2d J

10 th 051. 28th

14th Dec.

10th

14th

7 th 14th.

14th Dec.

14th Dec,

17th Dec. nth

1761.

26th 051. 11th Nov.

1 ith Dec.

1 ith Dec. nth Dec.

2 50 Januarit.

To MclTrs. Drummond and C\ to satisfy and discharge a Bill of

Exchange drawn by Mefirs. Pye and Cruck/hank, by Order of Lieut. Colonel Pierson, for Forage, for the Combined Army - -- 60,000 — —

To D°, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D°, by Order of D*, for Forage, for the Combined Army - -93,240 19 2

To D#, to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by

D*, by Order of D°, for Forage, (Ac. for D* Army - - 30,000-----

To Mons. Alt, to enable the Landgrave of Hejfe to raise Recruits, and make the necessary Levies for the common Caui'e -

Due to the Duke of Brunswick, to make up the full Pay, as (lipulated by Treaty,

for his Troops in the Service of Great , for the Year 1761 To Mefirs. :Thomlinfon, Colebrooke, Nejbctt, and Hanbury, to be by them remit-

ted, in Specie, to North America, for extraordinary' Services of the Forces there ——

To Anth. Bacon, Esq. for thort Allowance of sundry Provisions issued to the Troops at Goree, before his Contract commenced -

To Chaunfey Townshend, Esq. for victualling 367 Men in , from

24th June 1761 to the 23d September following -To D% for victualling the Forces in Nova , from the 26th Deer. 1760, to the 22d March 1761 ----- 5,1*04 5 9

To D°, for the like Sendee, from 23d Mar. 1761 to 19th April

following - - 1,819 6 2

To D‘, for the like Service, to the 14th June 1761 - - 3,404 9 6

To D®, for the like Service, to the 6th September 1761 - - 4,873 2 3

To Matthew Woodford, Esq. for victualling 500 Men in Nova Scotia, between the 26th December 1760, and the 22d ot March 1761 - 996 17 6

To D", for the like Service, between the 23d of March and

19th April 1761 ----- - 320 16 8

To the Representatives of Sir James Colebroo, Sir Geo. , Baronet, Arnold Nesbitt, and Moses Franks, Esqrs. for victualling the Forces in North

America, from 18th June 1761 to the 29th of July following 14,522 10 6

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Lancaster and Car-

lisle, &c.in D° Country - - - - 5,430 11 4

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Philadelphia, from

26th Mar.to 25th August 1761 ... - - 247 18 2

To the Representatives of Sir James Colebrooke, and Arnold Nesbitt, Esq. for victualling For/ Amherst, from ift June 1761 to the 26th of

July following - -167128

To D°, for victualling the Garrison of Louijbourg, from 22d

June 1761 to 19th July following ..... 396 8 7

To Archibald Frafer, Esq. in Discharge of the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for Forage, (Ac.for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1760 To Thomas Bowerbank, for divers Utensils, and for Coals and Candles, (Ac. provided by him for the Ul'e of the Barracks at Plymouth -

To John Ellery, for the Hire of Rooms, and for providing Coals, (Ac. for a Detachment doing Duty on the Coast of Cornwall -

To Camp Neccfiaries for Lord Geo. Beauclerk'% Regiment of Foot -

To the Marches, (sc. of the following Independent Companies, viz.

Captain Wilkie's - 29 0 6

Wemyfs's - - - > - iv; ij 4

Sterling’s - - - 79*98

Downs's - 48 5 10

To Grass Money for Sir Rob. Rich’s Dragoons, in the Summer 1761 To replace Clothing, Accoutrements, Provisions, (Ac. for Lieut. General -roure'sRegiment, loft on Service - - - - 682 13 6

To replace Arms, Accoutrements, (Ac. of Lord Geo. Beauclerk’s

Regiment, loft at Belleijle - . - - 240 6 7

.1762.

£ > d.

545,260 19 5

60,000-----

16,654 6 25

100,000 — — 88 8 11

773 l$

15,901 3 8

*317 H a

20,201-----

7*>4 1 3

6,675 4 6

1,038 18 —

27 16 6

399 8

293 12 4 1,582 17 6

923 — t

c To

a Geo. III.

j

Dates of Warrants. 1761.

1761. 24th July.

14th

21st Aug.

25th

nth

1761.

26th

nth

24th

17 th Nov.

23d Nov. 7th Dec. nth

2 5® Janu

rig

To 309'* Pay of Col. Rufane's Regiment of Foot, from i 9th February 1761, to 24th December following, both indufive,*at £. 67. 1. 6. a Day > * - 4 ‘ 20,726 3 6

To 311et Pay of Lt. Colonel Morgan's Regiment of Light Infantry, from 17th Feb. 1761, to D*, at £. 28. 8. 2. a Day.....8,834 19 10

To 161a* Pay of Edward Blakeney, Esq. as Cominiflary of Comptro’l to the

Combined Army, to xoth June 1761 - - - - 483-----

To 304'" Pay of Robert Boyd, Esqr. and his Secretary, from 1 ft January 1761 to 31st October following, as Connnissary for muttering the Hessians - - - - 1,064-

To 366*" Pay of Mr. Monody as Chaplain to the Governor of

Guadeloupe, to 24th December 1760 - - - 122 — —

To 349'" Pay of Lieut. Cctterell, as Fort Major to the Garrison

of Goree, to D9 Time - 87 5 —

To 1 go*1* Pay of a T hird Major to the tft Regiment of Foot

Guards, from 18th June *759 to 24th December following - 76 — - —

s.

d.

29,561 3 4

I>5+7-----"

285 5 —

To the Marches of thd following Militia Corps, viz.

Somerset - - -183 74

Surrey -.....543 8 7

Berkshire - ----- --- - 353 18 5

" 1,080 14 4

To Camp Necessarics for the South Batt. of the Hampshire Militia -To satisfy and discharge a Bill drawn by Governor on Account of

the contingent Charges of the Government of Guadeloupe -To satisfy and discharge a Bill drawn by Lord Ro/io, Governor of Dominica, for sundry contingent Charges of that Colony -

To Benjamin Martin, Esquire, for Pay Bills of Boat Men, £sV. and for Provisions for the Detachment from the Companies in South Carolina, to 27th May 1761 To Thomas Maule, Esquire, Governor of Goree, for sundry. Distmrfements of that Garrison - -

To an additional Allowance to several Subaltern Officers, who went with Draughts to Germany in May 1760 -

To Major General Monchon, to provide himself with an Equipage as Commander in Chief on an Expedition -

L

216 16 —

1.000 — —

762 6 10

538 9 6

211 11 6

278 15 —

1.000 -

958>384 —

War-Office, 25th January 1762.

C. Tovin/hend.

V01,. 29;

Frivi’egc*

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, *c.

Price of Strong Been

Supply Bill Sinking Fund.

Way i

and Means*

120

2 50 Januariu

A’ 1762.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Complaint being made to the House that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Captain Richard White, Mr. Anthony White of Liverpool, and Mr. Robert Hamilton of Liverpool, with divers other Persons, did, upon Monday the 14th Day of December last, enter upon thp Lands and Manor of Bamber Gdfcoyne, Esquire, (a Member of this House) situate in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and did then and there, in the most violent and outrageous Manner, alTault and wound George Molyneux, a menial Servant and Game-keeper of the said Member;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thenaSecond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered That Mr. Christopher King do this Day attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of Middlesex and City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. John Jones do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Rogers do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered. That Mr. William Craven do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bland do attend tire said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Price do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Bill for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein mentioned, acertain Sum to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Licjuors, and also the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

p.%

Worcester

Election

Reig*te

Writ.

Winn

Wiit.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn -

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Order made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Friday the 27th Day of November last, for hearing, upon Friday next, the Matter of the Petition of Robert Tracy, El'quire; and also, the Matter of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of Worcester, on behalf of themselves and several other Freemen of the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City; be discharged;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a newWrit for the ceding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the Honourable Charles Torke, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Fletcher Norton, El'quire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Wilkie attended, Privilege, according to Order; Be was called in; and the primed Newspaper, intituled, " The London Chronicle, or Univer-fal Evening Post, from Tuesday, December to

day, December 24, 1761, sold by J. ," (which was, upon Wednesday last, delivered in at the Table) being shewn to him at the Bar; he confefied that he printed the said Paper; and said, the Account of the Proceedings of this House had been printed therein without his Knowledge, and confefied himself extremely forty for the fame.

And then he was dire died to withdraw.

Resolved, That J. Wilkie, having printed the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilkie be, for his laid Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Commissary for mustering the Heffan Troops, in the Pay of Great Britain, do lay before this House, Copies of all Muster Rolls taken by him of the said Hcjfian Troops, from the First Day of January 1761 to the First: Day of January 1762; specifying the respective Times when the said Muster Rolls were taken.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Price of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to btH>D£ etf* consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Account;

Hetiian

Troop?.

1'

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s.M*iine Forces, while on Shore;

Resolved,

Marfnt

Force*

1 -i,

k

\. j

2 Geo. III. 250 — 26° J

Supply*

h:

fca

ft;

TT.,

' xd

ft-.

1

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th of April 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th October 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1762, be refe red to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1761, to the 24th of June 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commirtee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson allb acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 26° dJanuarii.

Anno 2° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1762.

several Commons, Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the Township3 of Elvaflon and in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the Townships of Elvajlou and T, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants residing in and near to the several Parishes of Bolton Dean, Leigh, Win-wick, and Warrington, ail in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ralph Taylor and Mr. John being severally

examined, said, That the Roads leading from the Guide Post near a certain House, in the Occupation of Samuel Holden, at the East End of a Moor, near Bolton in the Moores, in the County of Lancaster, called Bolton Moor, to the Market Town of Leigh, through Chow Bait, and from thence to the Guide Post, near and

to the South End of a Bridge in Newton, called Newton Bridge-, and from the same Guide Post to the Turnpike Road, leading between Warrington and Wigan, at or near a certain Place called the Town Well, in Winwick, in the said County of Lancaster-, are become very deep and ruinous, and in many Parts are very narrow and incommodious, and in the Winter Scafi n dangerous for Carriages and Persons travelling on Horseback; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moores to , and thence to the Guide Post near Go/borne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge -, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Shuttleworth and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bolton in the Moors Road*

Pkavers.

Multorough Robert Long reported from the Committee, to

Sijndoa whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names W are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to f them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Am-' brose Goddard, Esquire, said, That he knows the Road t! from Marlborough to Sivindon in the county of ;

that it is in a ruinous Condition in many Places; and that the said Road is, in some Parts, very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at, or near the Town of Sivindon, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Long and Mr. Daniel Bull do pre-, pare, and bring in, the fame.

Bnllon An ingrafted Bill, for establishing and confirming cer-ctalM- tain Articles of Agreement for the dividing and inclosing

Vet. 29.

A Petition of Robert Maxwell, Esquire, Provost; Ebe- Dumfrie* nezor Hepburn, William Denholm, and William Bell, Bai- Two Pen*.

lies; Joseph Dickson, Dean, and John Maxivell, Treasurer, of the Town of Dumfries-, for themlllves, and in the Name of the Town Council, and Community of the fame; was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That by an Act passed in the 'ITiird Year of the Reign of King George the First, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth of a Penny Sterling, was granted to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Borough, for the Use of the Community thereof, for every Scots Pint of Ale and, Beer that should be vended and fold within the said Town and Privileges thereof, for a certain Term, in the said Act mentioned, to be applied for the Uses therein mentioned: And allb taking Notice,

That by another Act, passed in the Tenth Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Duty was continued for the further Term therein mentioned; and certain other Duties on all Goods, Merchandizes, and Wares, imported and exported, into, and out of, the Port of the said Town; and on the Tonnage on Shipping, arriving in the said Port, to be applied for the Uses also therein mentioned; and alleging. That the said Duties, as limited by the said last mentioned A Cl, are insufficient for answering the Uses and Purposes intended; and that the ordinary Revenue of the Town is utterly insufficient for answering those Uses and Purposes,

H h unless

122 2 6° Januarii.1762.

linless the Paid Duties are continued for a further Term of Years: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing to the Petitioners, and their Successors in Oflice, for Behoof of the said Town, the aforesaid Duties, for such further Term of Years, and for rendering the Payment thereof more effectual, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Robert Long, Mr. LozvndesMr. Serjeant Heicett, Mr.

Willy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Forrester, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grant, Mr. General Mr.

Pennant, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hobart, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Bull, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr.

Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. 1 homlinfon. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr Parker, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Tylney, Mr. Pye, Lord George Mr.

Mills, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Calvert, Mr- Cafwall, Mr. Wilson, Sir Henry Slingsby, Mr. Glover, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Gray, Admiral Cotes; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tregony, Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Roads. Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of, and inhabiting within, and near the Towns and Boroughs of Tregony, Grampound, Truro, Penryn, Saint Maws, Fowey, and Lojlzvithiel, and the Market Town of Falmouth and Saint Aujlel, in the County of Cornwall, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Rogers, being examined, laid, That he knows the Roads described in the Petition; and that the same are in a bad Condition, very narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint JuJl, in the said County: And that Mft Cocks and Mr. Trevanion do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Repinder’s A Petition of James Repinder was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Houblon, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Coalheaver*. A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other industrious Coalheavers, employed in the unloading Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the late Act, for the Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames, and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans, about Fifty Gangs of Coalheavers, with a Foreman to each Gang, were formed

and registered in Manner directed by the said Act; which Regulation, had it been continued, the Petitioners apprehend, would have proved of great Benefit to rlie Coal Trade in general, and also to the Coalheavers and their numerous Families; but that soon after the establishing of the said Gangs, which the Petitioners prelume were a greater Number than all the Buyers of Coals could supply with Lighters and other Craft to receive the Coals from the Ships, a Combination was set on foot by certain Persons called Coal Undertakers, who agreed among themselves to give the Preference of the Work to such of the Gangs as would promise not to pay the Poundage, which, by the said Act, is directed to be paid, to be applied toward a Provision for such of them as should be sick, or otherwise incapable of working, and toward the Maintenance of their Widows and Children; and that the said Undertakers, by many other Artifices, have decoyed the said Gangs from the Office; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Prices of Coalheavers Labour were settled by Act of Parliament, it would be very advantageous to the Coal Trade in general, and to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Coalheavers; and that the above-mentioned Act is, in many other Respects, defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the said Act more effoftual, for the Purposes thereby intended, under such Regulations as shall be thought most fit; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House fin 11 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Mr. Ky-

naston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. ProzcjSir Charles daunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trevanion, Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Lord Malpas, Mr. Bull, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Smith, General Cornwallis, Mr. Fuller,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Webb, Mr. Alderman Dickinfott, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Adams, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Mr. Phi-

lip Carteret Webb, Lord Thomcnd, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Maze bey, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Sir James

Dashwood, Mr. Barre, Lord Egmo, Mr. Martin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fox, Sir Henry Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Stephens, Sir John Philipps, Mr. BrudeneU, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Tho-roton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

Medlycott, Lord Bateman, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Nugent, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wa/Jh, Mr. Starkie, Lord Strange,

Mr. Ongley, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Chester; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Surrey, and the City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Wolffe* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe, Esquire, Nau commonly called Baron Wolffe: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the common Brewers, within the City Price of of Norwich, and County of the same City, whole Names trwn* are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That from the additional Duty of Three Shillings on every Barrel of Beer, in the Ypr 1761, the Petitioners were compelled to advance the Price thereof to the Victuallers and Alehouse- keepers, who, from the violent Opposition of the Populace, accompa-

i Geo. III. 0,6° Janu taj

nicd with Threats and Menaces, have not, as yet, been able to retail the same to the Consumer at a proportionable Advancement; and representing to the House, That in Consequence thereof, the Brewery in the said City and County is greatly decreased, and the Victuallers and Alehouse-keepers greatly distressed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole* House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers residing within the County of Middlesex and City of WeJ

Frivikgf* A Petition of John Wilkie was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in printing the Proceeding thereof; and that the Petitioner is thoroughly sensible of the Greatness of his said Offence, and is extremely sorry for the fame, and will never be guilty of the like for the future; and alleging, That the Petitioner’s Confinement is of the utmost Detriment to him in his Business: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and order him to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Wilkie be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged.

Sinking An ingrossed Bill for charging certain Annuities,

Fund, granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging certain Annuities granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Or« ders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinfoti do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-three thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, to enable His Majesty to give a proper Compenfetion to the respective Provinces in North America, for the Expences incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour, and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall be thought by His Majesty to merit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, to be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a Military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the Battalion of His Majesty’s Forces, commanded by Lieutenant General Aldercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Seven

Vol. 29.

hundred Forty-nine founds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for Out-Pensions of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a'Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Eighty-four Pounds One Shilling Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, fof maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand, Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of , and other in-

cidental Expences attending the fame, tirom the 24th of June 1761 to the 24th of June 1762.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort at and the other

British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Three hundred Ninety-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1761, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 31’ Georgii 2", for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1738.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1761, of the several Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 33 Georgii zil, to answer Annuities after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum charged thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three thousand Nine hundred and Six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the feme, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1761, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of Three Pounds per and £.1. 2 6

per Centum, on f. 11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions

borrowed towards the Supply granted to His Majesty by an Act 1 Georgii 3*", for the Service of the Year 1761.

The Eight first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto; by leaving out the Word "this," and inlerting the Words " the Sinking" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " this" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " the Sinking" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three thousand Nine hundred and Six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on die 5th Day of July 1761, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of £. 3 per Centum, and £.1. zs. 6d. per Centum, on u ,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions, borrowed towards the Supply

granted

Ways and Means.

Great

Marlow

Election.

I24

26® Januarii

A. 1762.

granted to His Majesty by atl Act 1 3'", for the

Service of the Year 1761.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutation which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the Sum of One Million, granted to His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Na(vy, and also the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, in Part of the Supply granted to His Majesty for Naval Services; the Sum of One Million and Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereon, on or before the 25th Day of March 1763, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The. laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman , the Lord

Barrington, the Lord North, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. West, and Mr. Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Resolution of the House, of the 21st Day of November 1690, "That, in the Borough of Great Marlow,

" in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only who " pay Scotland Lot have a Right to give Voices in the " Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the " said Borough," was read.

The standing Order of the House, made the 16 th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

The Counsel for the Petitioner alleged. That Bribery and Corruption had been uled by the Sitting Member and his Agents; and that there were many Instances of an Offer of Ten Guineas having been made, and refused; and that the Returning Officer was guilty of Partiality, and acted as an Agent for Mr. Burt.

And, in order to prove that Harman was Agent

for Mr. Burt, they called in

William Boulter, who laid that he knew Mr. Burt, but had never seen him above once or twice; particularly in March last, at the Time of the Canvas; — that there were a great many People in Company, and particularly Joseph Harman-, — that after Mr. Burt was gone, Harman time in and told him, that if he would vote for Mr.

' Burt,'he would do as much for him, or give as much, as "any otherthat Mr. Burt asked him for his Vote, but did not hear the Conversation that passed between him and Hannan-, — that he believed that Harman was Mr. .-Burt's Agent, and that he' canvassed the Town for Mr.

Burt, and so did 30 or 40 more; — that he never law Mr. Bur: with Harman above twice: And, upon being allied whether Harman told him he was authorized to nfk for Votes? he said, That Harman tame iij immediately after Mr. Burt went away, and asked him whether he had promised Mr. Burt ? and laid he would do as much for him as any other.

Robert Oxley said, That he knew Harman, and that he likewise knew Mr. Burt, but never law them together; — tjiat Harman offered him Money to vote for Mr. Burt, which he refused; — that Harman came to him the Day after Mr. Burt had been at his House, and defiled his Company to drink a Glas* at the Upper Crown, and that he understood that to be on Mr. Burt's Account: And being asked whether that was Mr. Burt's House of Entertainment? he said, That it was a House of Call on Mr. Burt's Account, — that Harman offered him Money after the Canvas of the Town: And being asked why he suspected Harman to be an Agent of Mr. Burt's ? h$ laid, Because Harman asked him for his Vote after Mr. Burt came into the Town.

William Willis said, That he knew Harman, who applied to him in March, on the Monday before Mr. Burt canvafl’ed, which he did on the We a flay; — that Harman asked him what he thought ot a ne.v Man ? and, upon his laving that he had no Notion of one, went away in a Hull'; — that he came again, and told him that the new Man would be here Tomorrow, and that if he would vote for Mr. Burt, lie, Herman, would give him Ten Guineas; and said that he was employed by Mr. Burt, and would do all he could for him: And upon his asking Harman whether that was the moll ? lie laid, That if Mr. Burt carried it, he should have 20 or 30 more; — that he did not remember that he law Harman with Mr. Burt.

Upon being cross examined, lie said, That was Steward to Mr. Ockcnden, formerly Member for Martova, and that Harman offered him the 10 Guineas the Day before the Election; — that he did not know whether Harman had an Antipathy to Mr. Moore at the Time he asked him for his Vote at Lord Ma/pas's; — that he there talked to him of a new Man; — that Harman asked him for his Vote, because he, Willis, had worked for Mr. Ockenden; and that 10 Guineas were offered him to vote for Mr. Burt. '

William Stacey said, That he had known Harman these Five Years, and that he applied so him the Friday before the Election, to vote for Mr. — that Harman

offered him 10 Guineas, and told him he was employed by Mr. Burt; — that Mr. Burt applied to him on the Diy of Canvas; — (hat Harman, as well as many others, was with Mr. Burt-, — that Harman staid behind at his House, after Mr. Burt was gone, and asked him to dine with him at the Upper Crown with Mr. Burt, and offered him 10 Guineas, the Day before the Election, to serve Mr. Burt.

Ralph Rolles said, That he knew Harman very well, and that he applied to him for his Vote, 3 or Days' before the Election; and told him, if he would give One Vote for Mr. Burt, xo Guineas should be given: And upon being asked whether Harman said he was an Agent ? he answered. That he asked him, and Harman said he was; but that he never saw Harman with Mr. , nor had he ever seen Mr. Burt before the Canvas.

John Adams said, That he remembered the Caule of against Symonds, and that Mr. Hickey was the Attorney.

Mr, Fleetwood Berry, Associate upon the Norfolk Circuit, produced a Paper containing the following Minutes, which were read to your Committee;

"Bucks, Summer Affixes 1761.

Ennis and Branfcomb,

"By Consent, Juror withdrawn in this Cause, each " Party to pay his own Costs, and the Records to be " withdrawn, in the Cautes Ennis against Be!!, Ew:is " against Rolls, and Ennis against Simmons', and the fe-

" Verai

A

H

‘I

1

>1

k

r

k

n

a

P

J.

r*

it

k

u

B

r

1

1

tl

h

to

F

k

IT

c

fc

G

k

it

c

S

t

1

1

B

2 Geo. III.

" vcral Parties to pay their own Costs: And by the like Consent, in the Cause M against " wherein the Plaintiff was nonsuited, that each Party shall pay his own Costs; and it is further agreed, in the Presence of Daniel Moore and William Matthew " Burt, Esquires, that no other Action at Law shall be " brought on either Side, by themselves or their Friends,

" for any Matters or Things relative to the last Election " for the Borough of Great Marlow; and this Order to " be made a Rule of the Court of King’s Bench."

" Dan. Moore,

" Willm. Deeley, Attorney for Defendant,

" William Matthew,

" Jof. Hickey, Attorney for Mr. Burt'*

And the Witness said, That the said Minutes were signed in his Presence.

John Adams produced Two Iffucs, Ennis against Sy~ mends, and Ennis against Rolles, which were delivered to him by the said Mr. Hickey; and by which it appeared, that Ennis, the Plaintiff, in the Declarations in the said Actions brought upon the Statute against Bribery, sets forth. That Joseph Harman was an Agent for Mr. Burt at the last Election for Marlow.

Joseph Street said, That he knew Harman, who applied to him, the Day before the Election, to serve Mr. Burt, and offered him to Guineas several Times; — and that he took the io Guineas; — that Harman put them into a Canister in the Shop; — that he saw the io Guineas in his Hand, but that he was not in the Shop, for Harman desired him to walk out; that he met him sis he went through the Kitchen, and that Harman told him he had left Ten Guineas, which the Witness found in the Canister; — and that he considered that as an Inducement to vote for Mr. Burt; — that Mr. Burt applied . to him when he canvassed the Town, but that Harman was not then in Company; — that he was present when Harman solicited Stacey, and offered him Ten Guineas, and that Harman said it was to serve Mr. Burt with One Vote, but that he knew of no other; — that the Oath of Bribery was neither offered to him, nor to Three other? who polled before him.

Frances Street laid. That her Husband told Harman that Ten Guineas were promised if he would serve Mr.

Burt with One Vote; and that Harman said he would make it up as much as any Voter had , — that Harman took the Gold out of a Bag, and told her Husband, There is the Money; but at the same Time offered to give him a Draught instead of it, but her Husband said he would have Money; — Harman then said he should, and bid him go and call her to him; — that Harman was in the Shop, and took the Canister and put the Ten Guineas into it, and said, That1 he left that Money till he should call for it; he then went out, through the Kitchen, and told her Husband that he had left Ten Guineas for him to vote for Mr. Burt, and that her Husband found the io Guineas; that Mr. Burt came to her House, but that lhe did not know that Harman was there in particular, and that Mr. Burt afkod her Husband for his Vote before the Ten Guineas were offered; — that (he was not in the Room when the i© Guineas were offered, but was called in.

Elizabeth Rose said. That she knew Harman, and remembered his Application to her Brother in Law, and that he told her Sifter that he had left io Guineas for her Husband to vote for Mr. Burt; and that (he saw Street take the Money out of the Canister after Harman was gone, and tell io, Guineas.

Edward Symonds said. That he knew , who

applied to him, the Saturday before the Election, to serve Mr. Burt, and laid, if he would serve Mr. Burt, and poll against Mr. Moorehe would give him Ten, Twenty, Thirty, Forty, or Fifty Pounds; — that Mr. Burt canvassed on the Wednesday before, but that he did not fee Harman, who made this Offer, till the Saturday.

Mr.----- Bell said, That the Sitting Member asked

Vol. 29.

125

him for his Vote; that he told him he thought it extraordinary that a Stranger should come, and that he was engaged to his Neighbours; — that Mr. Burt said he was determined to (land the Poll, if it cost him £.10,000, and that he could have ministerial InfluenceThe Witness further said. That Harman had never applied to him.

To prove Partiality in the Returning Officer, and that he hadadted as an Agent for Mr. Burt-,

The Counsel for the Petitioner called in

John Dormer, who said. That he knew Simon Ranee, and that he was One of the Returning Officers, and that he (aw him assist Mr. Burt on his first coming, and that they once canvassed- the Town together; — that Ranee did not apply to him for his Vote, but attended Mr. Burt the First Time of the Canvas.

John Branfcomb said. That he saw Ranee and Mr. Burt, at the Time of the Canvas, about the Town to alk for Votes; — that Mr. Burt asked him for his Vote; but that Ranee was not at his House, though he (aw biril in several Places in Company with Mr. Burt: And being asked whether he knew that RaneescSktd for any Votes? He said he heard so.

John Dean said, That he saw Ranee and Mr. Burt together on the Canvas; and being questioned. Whether Ranee asked any one to vote ? He said. No, not in hiS hearing.

Mr.----- Bell, being called in, and asked whether he

remembered that the Returning Officer refused the Oath of Bribery, when required by Mr. Moore ? said, That there was a Debate in the Hall, that he was not on the Hustings, and that one Newbury said he would swear for no one; but being asked whether the Man had not named the Candidate when he was desired to swear, he said he could not tell; — that the Oath was offered to most People; that some would not take it, but that there was no Refusal in the Returning Officer.

Robert Lawrence said, That Ranee told him, if he' would be of the Side of Mr. Burt, he would save him, Ten Guineas.

The Counsel on the Behalf of the Sitting Member rested their Defence on the Evidence of the Witnesses produced by the Petitioner, and infilled, that neither the Agency of Joseph Hannan, nor the Partiality of Simon Ranee, the Returning Officer, was any ways proved

by the Evidence, on the Behalf of the Petitioner; and therefore thought it needless to call any Evidence.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; videlicet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Matthezv Burt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve for Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in this present Parliament, Joseph Harman was guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Mr. Burt withdrew.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made; and the Question being putj That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

' Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty’s Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tiipc.

li The

26° Januarii.

Great

Marlow

Ele&oa.

Encouragement if

Seamc*.

LitcWMd

Ele&iom

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Privilege.

116 i6° — 27°

The House,: according to Order, proceeded to the further hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugo Meyuell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, examined a Witness in order to justify the granting of a Scrutiny by the Sheriff of the said City, and to prove, that, upon the said Scrutiny) no Votes were rejected, till Proof had been made that Notice had been given to the Voters intended to be objected to, and tijl Evidence had been heard upon such Objections; that foine of the Votes objected toupon the Scrutiny, had never been objected to at the Time of taking the ifoll; and that others were rejected upon Objections which had nor been made at the Time of taking the Poll; and that the Sheriff, through the Course of the Poll, and- allb upon the Scrutiny, acted with great Candour and Impartiality.

And the said Witness being withdrawn;

And Objection being made to some Part of the Examination of the said Witness, as being contrary to the Resolution of the House of Friday last, " That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, do " confine themselves at present to the Matter of the Rc-wturn;"

The Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon. Then the said Witness was again Called -in.

He was again "directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were likewise directed to withdraw.

They were, again called in.

And the said Witness was again called in, and further examined.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the said Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, examined sevenil other Witnesses, in relation to the several Matters concerning which the former Witness had been examined.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House being informed that there had been a great Riot this Day on the Stairs leading to the House, and that the Constables in waiting the re had been assaulted and abused by one Innys, and other Chairmen; and that the said Innys having been apprehended by One of the said Constables, had been refeued by others of the said Chairmen;

The said Constable was called in, and examined at the Bar in relation thereto.

And the House being informed that anqther Person attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information with respect to the said Matter; lie was called in, and examined at the Bar in relation thereto.

' And then the said Constable and the said other Person Were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said-Innys be taken into the

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And, then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JanuqriL A. 17 5 2.

Mercurii, 2 7° ydnuarii\

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

R*AYEBS.

MR. Onfioiti reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance ofi an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act . made in the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sifiex, to its ancient Goodness; so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rje;was referred; That the Committee had examinee! the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the ioth Year of the Reign of King George the First was read; whereby the said Commissioners are impowered to make a new Cut or Channel from Winchelsea Water to the Sea, and heighten the Walls of the Channel of Winchejeaand Breads, from the said

new intended Cut to the Town of and from the said Cut to the present Harbour of; and to do . all other Works necessary for effecting the Purpose of the said Act: And,

Mr. William Green, Engineer, being examined, laid, That a Cut is already made from Winchelsea Wall to the Sea, Part of which is planked or wharfed, and the rest rice-headed or faggot-headed; and that Two Piers are erected, and a Sluice made, and the Walls of the Cut are wharfed, and that the Sea may now be let in without any Danger to the adjoining Lands: That the Walls are-Three Feet above the highest Spring Tides, and where lpweft, are higher than the highest Part of Wall; and that the highest Spring Tides don’t come over the Winchelsea Wall: That the Walk are 90 Feet broad in the weakest Part, and extend to Feet above High Water Mark at the highest Tide: That the Wall is of Earth dug from the Canal, which is the properest Material, and that they are quite sufficient to keep out the Sea, being able to bear Nine Times more Weight than will be against them.

That the Stone Piers are 36 Feet wide, 60 long, and about Two Feet above the highest Tide: That there is a wooden Pier at the Head of the western Pier, which ip nearly finished, the same Width of the Stone Pier, and which will be 200 Feet long.

That the Sluices and Flood Gates are completed, and; that there is a Stone Dam cross the Harbour in which they are fixed, 1 Rods from the Stone Pier Heads: That there are Two Stone Piers to the Gates, Forty Feet Five Inches long; and another in the Center 24 Feet wide and 58 long; which, with the Timber upon, them, are 10 Inches above the highest Tides.

That the Sluice Gates are 35 Feet wide, and the Water on the Sill of the Gate 16 Feet deep at Neap Tides, which is sufficient to carry in Merchant Ships of above 300 Ton Burthen, and Government’s Ships of 400 Tons.

That the Gates for scouring the Channel are 30 Feet wide between Pier and Pier: That they arc divided into rive Gates, and that the Bottom of them goes to the Bottom of the Sluice.

That 256 Sail of ryelTds may lay entirely safe in the Canal, and have funicient Room to swing with Safety.^ That there is Six Feet Diffe.cncc between Neap Tides juid Spring Tides; the Neap Tides riling Two Fathom, and the Spring Tides Four; and that there will bp con-?

sequently

fcye

Harbour!

1 Geo. III.

if Januarii.

127

lequ'ently 22 Foot' Water on the Siil of the Gates at Spring Tides.

Mr. Robert Cooper, Director of the Works at Rye

starbouf, confirmed Mr. Green's Evidence.

Th^n aClause in the said Aftt of the ioth Year of I£ing George the Fii ft'was read; w'he:ebv the Commissioners are rt'straihed from Jetting the Sea' into the said Cut of Chart riel, until all the Works in the said Act mentioned are fully completed: And,

Mr. Queen and Mr. Cooper, being again examined, laid,

the Petitlofi of Joseph Browne, D. D. Vice Chancellor of the University of Oxford, and John Esquire,

.Mayor of the City of Oxford, w^s referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pea tit ion j and had directed him to report the fame; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place > m l afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j vi±.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

kWtoft

Kotdi

That the othet Works, diYefted by the said Act, will the Agent for the Petitioners produced the several Acts tgke up a considerable Time, and are not necessary at mentioned in the Petition; which were read: And, present, as it is only pfopoled to Jet the Sea in as far as Mr. 'Thomas produced an Extraift out of the

Wihchelsea 'WrA", Books of the Vice Chancellor and Mayor, containing art

And that the present Works will loon decay, if the Account of Monies, collected on the Eatlern Division, £ea is not let into the Cliann’el. which amounted to 53/. 2i. zd. annually; and’uport

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring irt a Bill, to the Northern Division there has been collected 38/; 8

impower the Commissioners and Trustees, named aiW annually.

appointed by, and1 in pursuance of, an Act of Parlia- And said. That in the Northern Division there ^re Two ment, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Mileways leading to and Woodstock'-, 'and in.

Majesty King George 'the First, for making more effectual the Eastern Division there are Three Mileways leading" an Act made in the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, to IVheatley, and Littlemoor. — That-the Super-

intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the vifors of the said Roads have annually expended.several Harbour oiDover, in the County of Kent, and for re- large Sums of Money upon the Repairs, thereof; and, storing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to that the Funds, as they now Hand, arc not sufficient id ils ancient Goodness;. lb far as the same relates to the provide proper Persons to survey and repair the said Harbour of Rye; to Jet the Sea and Tides into a new Roads effectually: That the Wear of thf laid Roads Cut or Channel, made in pursuance of the said Act of have been greatly increased within thele Ten Years, and the Tenth Year of His laid late Majesty’s Reign, as far are very ruinous and in bad Repair: as a Wall'called WinchefeaPNail: And* that Mr. Onflozv, And that there was, upon Rating the Account last

Mr. Thomas Townflienll, junior, Mr. Gybbon, and Mr. Year, a Balance due to the Supervisors of the Eastcrtt Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the larpe. Division of 120/. is. id. and to the Supervisors of the

Northern Division a Balance of 21/. 1 1 id.

A Petition of several of the Gentry, Merchants, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee; Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near unto the to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual leverql Town of Liverpoble, in the County of Lancaster, was Acts passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the he First, and the 13th Year of his late Majesty

Petitioners are informed that a Petition hath been pre- King George the Second, for repairing the Roads Ijom lenfed for Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting One or the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to and the

more Turnpikes for the Repair of the Road, from the Road leading from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of Town of Bolton iii the Moors, through Chowbent, and Ox on, by Begbrook, to New Woodstock, in the County of the Town of Leigh, to Newton, in the said County; Oxon, except the Mile way on each Side of the said City; and the Petitioners apprehending that it might be of and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse to

Very great public Utility to extend the said intended Turnpike Road, from Newton, directly by Parr Stocks, in the said’ County, as far as the Guide Post in Parr aforesaid, where it falls into the Turnpike Road leading

the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and fdr widening several Parts of the said Roads; is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for putting the Repairs of the several Mileways, leading from Ajfhloii to Prefect and Liverpool, being about Four from the City or Oxford toward Woodstock ana Wheatley,

Miles: The Petitioners therefore pray, That the House in the County of Oxford, under the Care and Manage-vyill take the Preijiifes into Consideration, and give such ment of the Trustees of the said Turnpike; Roads, and Relief therein, 25 to the House shall feecn meet. for Payment of the Sums collected for the Repairs of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the said Mileways (after Repayment of the Monies now Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- due and owing from the same) to the said Trustees, with mine the Matter thereof i and report the fame, as it shall such Powers as are now vested in the Vice Chancellor

appear to them, to the House:

., And jt is referred to Sir , Ellis Cun/ijfe, Mr. Cholmley, Mt.CuJl, Mr. Townjh'end \Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Lord

Klidleton, Mr, Kynaston, Sir Charles Mr.

Oxford

Xl:< Wiy$t

and Mayor of Oxford, by Authority of Parliament^.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor and Impropriator of the Great Tythes of West Haddon, in the Blontagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. ftidway, Mr. Cholmon- County of Northampton, of the Patron, Vicar, and In-

>t r, n-'r.- ,r, si ~ cumbent of the Parish and Parish Church there, and of

the Freeholders, Land Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Commons, in the Common and Open Fields and Heath of West Haddon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners fevera) Estates in the said Fields and Heath lie intermixed and diiperfed over the whole Fields in small Parcels,

____ . — ... ..... . j., by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and

Sir. Rlackflone, Mr. E'ozvndes, Mr,. Bertie, Mr* Glover, alleging, That the said Fields and Heath are very fit and Mr. Pater [on, Admiral'CWr, Mr^ Etarvcy, Mr. Nugent-,proper to be inclosed, and would thereby be of great ‘and all the Members who serve, for the Counties of Profit and Advantage to the several Freeholders and

tajler, York,. Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Northum- Owners thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave

jerfaud: And they ar<p to meet this Afternoon, at Five may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and di-of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have viding the said Common and Open Fields and Heath Power to, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. of West Haddon aforesaid, according to every Person’s

v ' Right in the fame.

Mr- Blackstone reported froth die Committee, to whom Voi. zrj. Ordered,

West

Haddon

ludosure#

deley, Mr. Ardernian Dlckinson, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ohgley, Mr. Bacon, Sir ‘ John Philipps, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cle^land, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore,'Mr. J-honflinfou, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Morton, General "Cornwallis, Mr. Alderman . Mh Grant, Mr.

pole General. Bofcawen, Mr,. Honywood, Sir Thomas Pqhner, Mr. Medlycojt, Mr, tfanfittart, Mr. Pye, Mr. Tfilbraham Bboile, Mr. Parker, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

128 27 Januarii.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Thomas , and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Privilege. The House being informed, that,

and another Perl'oti, attended at the Door, who could give the House some further Information with respect to the Riot that was Ye Herd ay on the Stairs leading to this House, and to the refeuing of the Chairman who had been apprehended by the Constables in waiting;

They were severally called in, and examined with ^Relation thereto.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

And it appearing by the Evidence of the said Witnesses, that Vaughan, Mailer of the Royal Oak

Alehouse near Westminster Hall Gate, was concerned in "obstructing the said Constables in the Execution of the Orders of this House;

Ordered, That the said Vaughan do immedi-

ately attend this House.

Navy Debt; The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the mvy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1762: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Supply Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to faifinea resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, certain Sum tipon the Bill for railing by Annuities, in Manner therein byAoouitiei. mentioned, a certain Sum to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this -Session of Parliament; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord North took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Vaughan at* Privilege,

tended at the Door, according to Order, he was called in, and Christopher Chester*ittending likewise at the Door,.

he was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching the Information given this Day to the House, against the said Vaughan.

And the said William Vaughan was likewise examined,' touching the same Matter, and confronted with the said Christopher Chester.

And the Hqufe being informed that Fleury Settree, the Constable, from whole Custody the Chairman was Yesterday refeued, attended at the Door, he was called' in, and examined at the Bar, touching the Manner of the said Rescue, and was confronted with the said Vaughan.

And then the said fVilliarn Vaughan, Christopher and Fleury Settree, were directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that Edward Liddard attended at the Door, he was called in:

And the said Three Persons were again called in.

And the said Edward Liddard was examined at the Bar, in relation to the Condition in which he found Lewis, the other of the Constables, who Were Yesterday assaulted and abused in the Riot upon the Stairs leading to this House; and the said Witness also informed the House, that one George Duff may be a material Witness to be examined in Relation to the said Matters.

And then all the said Persons were directed to withdraw.

And the Order made by the House, upon the

13th Day of November last, "That the Constables in " waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or " other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of the Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen,

" Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts," being read; '

Resolved, That William Vaughan having Yesterday obstructed Fleury Settree, and Lewis, Const-blef

for the City and Lib r.y of Westminster, in the Execution of the said Order, is guilty of a Contempt of the said Order, and of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said William Vaughan be, for the said Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred from the 24th November 1761 to the 24th of 'December following, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the I louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they frad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, 17

Ordered, That Robert Tracy, Efonire, be at Liberty to Worcester withdraw his Petition, complai ng of an undue Election Ele<aion' and Return for the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That the several Persons, Freemen of the City of Worcester, whose Names are lubkribed to a Petition presented to this House, on behalf of themselves and several other Freemen of the said City, complaining, of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petitions.

It appearing to the House, by the Examination of the Privilege, several Persons who were this Day examined touching the Riot that was Yesterday on the Stairs leading to this House, that the Person who was Yesterday refeued from the Custody of the Constables in waiting, and who was then ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, is named fames Ennifon, and not Inttys, as was mentioned in the said Order;

Ordered, That the said Order for taking into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the &id antes Ennifon be tnktn into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered,

2 Geo. III. 37° — 28°

Ordered, That Georg} D do attend this House To-

'morrow Morning.

Fmikp. John Wilkie was, according to Order, brought to the

Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mid and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to >W-oui. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up-?!* on the Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to makeSatiffaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the ' bad Consequences arising from mad and other mifehie* VOUS Dogs;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day seven-!i night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways ' llie Order of the Day being read, for the House to udMeaai. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning hex., resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Price of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the tag Beer, whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, reading within the County of and City of West-

imnfter.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinfou took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That, the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

‘ And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Januarit. V 29

livered it.in at the Clerks Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, ’James Brindley said, That the Road leading from in the County of Derby, through the Towns, of , in the County of Stafford , and in the County of

Chester, to Middlewich, in the said County of Chester; and

a Branch out of the said Road, leading from Hanging Bridge to the Turnpike Road from tp Newcastle

under Line, at a Place called Spat ft, in the County of Stafford; ana another Branch out of the said RoaH, leading through Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at Blyth Marff, in the County of Stafford-, and another Branch out of the said Road leading through Macclesfield to the Turnpike Road at Bullock's Smithy, in the County of Chester; and also another Branch out of the said Road leading by Blore, in the County of Stafford, over Bridge,

to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in the County of Derby-, are, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, and Waters in Ibme Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, and the Rocks and Stones therein, become so deep, watery, rough, and founderous, that Carriages, cannot pals without great Danger: That Materials lie near the said Roads; and that the putting the feme into good and sufficient Repair, would tend to the Improvement of Trade and Commerce in those Parts of the Country; but that the same cannot be done by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ref-pairing and widening the High Road leading from Ash~ borne, in the County of Derby, through the Town, of Leek, in the County of Stafford, to Congleton, in the County of Chester-, and also, the Road leading from Hanging Bridge, near Ashborne, to the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle under Line, at Spath, in the County of Stafford; and also, the Road leading through' the Town of Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at Blyth Marsh, in the said County of Stafford-, and also, the Road leading by Blore, in the County of Stafford, over Coldwall Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in ihe County of Derby: And that Mr. bert and Mr. Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jovis, 28° die Januarii\

Anno 2* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

PRANCIS Rodolpk Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry at*. * Cafenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff, took the Oaths i*; appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

Lender’s Mr. Hottb/onpresented to the House, according to Mat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing James Repinder: And the feme wa* received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Htrliwough Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in

Somdon Repair, the Road from the North End, or Side, or the 06 ‘ Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the , Turnpike Road, at or near the Town of , in the said County: And the same was received, and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

AMwiw, Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to

I 4c- whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold-. I ers, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Der-

by, Chester, and Stafford, redding near, and usually travelling the High Roads thereinafter mentioned, lying in the Countiesaforesaid, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

’ Vot. 29.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sahdon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from to Draycott, in

the Moors, and from Wet ley Rocks to Fean, in the said County of Stafford; and alleging, that Application has also been made by the Petitioners, and others, for a Bill to repair the Road from Ashborn, in the County of Derby, through Leek and Congleton, to Middlewich, in the County of Chester, and other Roads in the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Chester; and that Persons travelling the said Road from Ashborne to Leek and Middlewich will be obliged to travel on a small Part of the said Road leading from Sandonto Bullock; and, if they , are obliged to pay the full Toll for the fame, it will be a grievous Burthen upon Persons using the said Road from Ashborne to Leek and Middlewich, as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from , in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Drayeott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford, is committed. f

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Lojl-.

% K k withiel

Sandon,

&c.

Road.

Tregony,

See.

Road.

13®

28° Janu

A. 1762.

Viithitl Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in the County of Cornwall, through Tr'egony, to Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill,-in the Parish of Saint JuJl,

in the said County' And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be lead a Second Time.

Supply Bill] The Lord North, according to Order, reported from fa the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill certain Sum for railing by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, a ty Annuities, certain Sum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors; and allb, the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquofs, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

- -

ini

Phtllimore’i

Bftate.

Supply.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Groves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have raffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece or Pieces Of Ground in in the County of Middlejix, Part of thi settled Cllate of Robert

Philiimhrt, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Limas, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now Hands settled; to which the Lords desire the Concur* rcnee of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and arterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Fifty-eight thousand Three hundred Eighty-four Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 24th Day of November 1761, to the 24th Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no common or other Brewer, Innkeeper, Victual-ler, or Retailer of Beer and Ale, shall be allowed to mix any Strong Beer, Ale, or Worts, with arty Small Beer,

Ale, or Worts, after the Gauge thereof shall have been taken by an Officer of Excise.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time-, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Third "Ale":

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That no common or other Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Hefailcr of Beer and Ale, shall be allowed to mix any Strong Beer,

Ale, or Worts, with any Small Beer, or Worts, after the Gauge thereof shall have been taken by an Officer of Excise.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Cooke, General Cormvallis, the Lord Pulteney, Kir. Alderman Harley, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved', that the Oause in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majffiy an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, and for-failing the Sum of Twelve Millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty; 'and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; whereby certain Provisions, formerly enacted, with respect to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, were extended to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for repealing the said Clause.

A Petition of William Vaughan was prefen ted to the Privilege. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in Custody of the S rjeant at Arms attending the House, for obstructing the Constables in the Execution of tire Orders of the House; acknowledging his laid Offence, and expressing his Sorrow for the fame; alluring the House that he never wHl be guilty of any Offence against the House for the future; and representing, that the Petitioner’s Confinement" will be of the utmost Detriment to himself.and Family: Aqd tlrerefore praying, that he may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said William Vaughan ht this Day brought to the Bar of thi$.House, 'in order to his being difehatged. '

Supply;

Duty on Strong lkcr, Stc.

Price of Strong Beer.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according tQ Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the fevtfal Victuallers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of Middlesex and City of Westminster, the Resolutions which the Committee had direct-,£d him so report to the House; which he read in his Piafe; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow^th;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler, or other Retailer of Strong Beer or Ale, shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, or molested, by Indifttnent, Information, popular Action, or otherwise, for advancing, or having advanced, the Price of Strong Beer or Ale; any Law or . Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. ’

The House being infbrnjftd, that the Constables who were assisting One of the Messengers of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in the Execution of the Order made Yeftctday, for. taking James Ermifon into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, had been obstructed in the Execution of the Aid Order, by Thomas Crosby,a Chairman, now in Cuf- tody of the said Constables;

The said Constables were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in Relation to that Matter.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

The said Thomas Crosby was called in, and the said Constables were again called in.

And the said Thomas Crosby, being confronted with the said Constables, denied his having obstructed the said Constables in executing the said Order.

And

Ditto*

VI

tra

Vj

W

41

V,

i Geo. III.

28’ — 2 90

#F:

£2:.

roi

ti.

Armjr; Murmy ind Oetortion.

Porteffram I Jociofure.

, ' . .»

And then the said Thomas C/ofby, and the said Con- 1669, an A# of the Privy Council of 5 made

stablej, were directed to withdraw. in 1704., for allowing certain' smalt Polls and Customs

Refolded, That Thomas Crosby, having obstructed the to be levied and uptafcen at the said Bridge, to bfe ap-Constables who were assisting One of the Messengers of plied repairing and upholding the same which the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in the Exe- Act expired upon, the 12th Day of this cution of the Order of this House of Yesterday, for And that the said Bridge being upon the Poll Road betaking James Etmifon into the Custody of the said Ser- twixt Carlisle and is necessary for the Commu-

jeant, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of nication betwixt England and the South and West Parts' this House. of Scotland, and betwixt England and Ireland by thenar-

Ordered, That the said Thomas Crosby be, for his laid row Sea; and that the ordinary Revenue of the said Bur-Offence, committed Prisoner to the Prison of the Gate- row is insufficient for answering the Expencs of raain-house; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant ac- taining and repairing the said Bridge, which, by reason cordingly. of the late high Floods, requires an. immediate Repair

and that, by the Flatnefi of the Grounds to the Westof William was, according to Order, brought the said Bridge, the Ascent to the same is not ooiy steep to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Re- and difficult, but, by the Overflowing of the said Grounds

in Spring Tides, all Passage to and from the Bridge is at those Times rendered impracticable; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for t enabling the Magistrates and Council of the said burrow to repair, and keep in Repair, the laicf Bridge; and to make the Passages to and from the same more accessible and commodious for PassengSrs; and f&t granting; to them, and their Successors, for those Purposes, iucR Tolls and Customs, for such Term , of Tears, and in such Manner, as

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coti-^deration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '. ’ ’

And it is referred to Lor^'Aovocate of Scotland, Mr.

Wilkes, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Tucker, S)f Francis Vincent, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Grants Mr. Buller, Mr. OA mius, Mr. Hume, Mr. Mr. Mawbey, Sir

Charles Mr. Lord Mr.

Kynafhn, Sir Turner, Mr. Lord y

Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Mr. , Sir

J)AUL Met bier, Jacob Wolffe, and James Reminder, Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. , Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lord

took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Natu- Molpas, Mr. Mills, Mr. Lane, Mr. Sewell, Mr. ralization. well, Mr. Mr. H. Mr. John

Mr. Brydenell; and all the Members who serve for North A Petition of Essex Bifcoe, Esquire, Joseph Hardy the Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Younger, Esquire, Thomas Gilbert, John Trenchard, Wil- the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Powef Ham Riccardthe Younger, Gentlemen, John Ward, Gen- to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, tleman, and Mary his Wife, and Joan Gould, Widow,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, A Bill for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Patio’s That great Part of the Lands in the Parish of Portefkam, Coy, John Henry and Henry Peler Kuhjf, was (and others)

in the County of Dorset, consist of common arable Fields, read a Second Time. Nat.

called the East Field, the Middle Field, and the West Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkes,

Field; and of several Commons, common Heaths, and Mr. Tucker, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mor~

waste Grounds, called the Black Down; which lie open, daunt, Mr. Tozvnshend, Sat Edward Turner, Mr. Prozvfe,

intermixed, and uninclosed; and, in their present Situa- Mr. Wilkinson,.Mr. Harvey, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. tion, yield but little Profit to the Proprietors thereof; Serjeant Hewett, Sir James Dashzvood, Mr. Houblon,

- , ----- — 7 — -- — — ——

primand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upoo the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi tneris, 29°;

Anno if Georgia W1'Regis, 1762. Praters.

and that it would be advantageous to them, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Arable Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House 1ball seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Olmius and Mr. Tucker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Annto

Aidge,

Mr. Upton, Mr. James Buller, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Bull, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Smith, Sir Robe ft Ladbroke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr]Sergifon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More/on, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Mills, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sezvell, Mr. Cholntley, Mr. Brudenelf, Lord Macduff, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Mr.

ton. Lord Midleton, Mr. Ellis, Sir Edward Mr. Walsh, Mr. Glover, Mr. Grant, Mr. Lowndes: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

A Petition of John Johnffon, Esquire, Provost; Robert Johnfone, and John Anderson, Baillies; and John Ander- in the Speaker’s Chamber, son, junior, Treali irer of the Burrow of Annan; for them-

selves, and in behalf of the Town Council a nd Com-

munity thereof; was presented to the House, and read;House, and read; Setting forth. That John Lombe of Setting forth, That the Magistrates and Council of the Melton, in the County of Norfolk, Clerk, gave his Estates said Burrow, about the Beginning of this Century, erect- to his Sifter, Mary for her Life; and, at her De-

ed a large Stone Bridge, of Five Arches, over the River cease, to the Petitioner and his Heirs Male, upon -At.non, and ;>aid the whole Expence out of the Funds dition that he should take upon him the Name of Lombe; belonging to the Burrow; and taking Notice, that, in laid has given the

pursuaace of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in lion of Part of the said Estates, and is desirous that he Von. 29- should

tbfe’i

Name.

112 2o° Januarii. ' A. ij02.

should now take the Name and Arms of Lombe And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take and use the Surname and Arms of L

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Armine Widehouse and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Merton . Ordered, That the BiH for dividing and inclosing the 0 0 ure- Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, be read a Second Time, upon Monday Sevennight, the 8th Day of February next.

Ordered, That Counsel be then admitted to be heard in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the Rest or and Scholars of Exeter College in Oxford.

City of Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to l^xidon whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and treeu' Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act of the 33d Year of his late Majesty, whereby the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of are im-

powered to widen and render more convenient several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, described in a Schedule annexed to the said Act; and also to make and open such new Streets, Ways, and Passages, as are described in another Schedule annexed to the said Act: And

Mr. George Dance, Surveyor to the City of London, informed your Committee, That he was employed to make Designs for opening the Streets in pursuance of the said Act, and that some Progress hath been made therein; but that the Powers of the Act have been found deficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; — that they proceeded to make a Street from Crutched Friars to the Minories, which was ordered to be Fifty Feet broad, but found they could purchase no more Ground than was necessary to be laid into the Street, and consequently could not build Houses on each Side thereof; and that they are always limited to the intended Breadth of the Street, without any Regard to the Houses on each Side.

And that the said Act is also deficient, or doubtful, with regard to laying Timber in Party Walls.

That if the Powers of the said Act were extended to > the opening of a new Street from to the Man-

Jion House, it would be of great public Utility.

That the Ground on which the said Street is intended to be made, is a great Part of it covered with Rubbish; that the Owners of lome Part of it are not known, and is a Receptacle for Persons of ill Fame.

Mr. Robert Taylor, Surveyor, confirmed Mr. Dance’s Evidence, and said. That he should have purchased Ground in some of the intended Streets, had not the City been so confined that they had not Power to fell enough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the feme; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets and Passages within the said City and liberties thereof: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. T1 icier, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir

William Baker, and Me Palerson, udo prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, stoken church to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual several Acts, paHTed in the 5th Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and the 13th Year of his late Maj<*fty King George the Second, lor repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enjlozv Bridge, and the Road leading from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of

Oxon, by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock, in the Cotinty of Oxon, except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Ale-house to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill afo refold, and for widening several Parts of the said Roads; was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House;. and he. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the - Bill", with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, I/mAm Gardeners, and other Inhabitants within the Counties of &e‘ Surrey and Kent, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been many times greatly obstructed, in passing over London Bridge, into and from the City of London, by the Stoppage of Carts and Carriages; and which have been occasioned by the collecting and receiving the Toll upon the said Bridge; and that the Petitioner* and many others have, at several of such Times, been in great Danger of their Lives, not only on the said Bridge, but in the Streets adjoining thereto; and that several of the Petitioners deal in such Goods as are very ncccHary to the Public in general, and to the said City in particular; but on account of their low Circumstances, and the small Profits

arising from such Goods, find themselves aggrieved by the said Toll: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners ’

such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

T*

A Petition of James Earl of Lauderdale, and tire humble Petition of George Baillie, and others, whole Br"°e

Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be edameam. presented to the House;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command,;

acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been i

informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. A

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; ’ll.

Setting forth. That the Road from Carfrae Mill, through i

Newbiging, Therlfiane, and Greenlau, in the County of ;'y

Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, which is a Part of the strajt Road, and nearest and belt Commu- r

mention, between Newcastle and Edinburgh, is at pre- ';

lent in a ruinous Condition, and impassable for Troops {

and Carriages in the Winter Season, both on account of the Badnels of the Roads, and the Want of a Bridge at Coldjlreatp over the River Tweed, which is attended with great Inconveniency to the Troops and Carriages; I p

and that the Charges of making the said Road, and /,

building the said Bridge, cannot be defrayed in the Course l

of many Years, otherways than at the Expence of the 1 y,

Public, and by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, and building a Bridge ;c

as aforesaid; and that such a Sum may be granted lor -jv

those Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered.

ci.

iti r r

hi

tva

a Geo. III.

29" Januarii.

133

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the with the greatest Distrefe: And therefore praying. That Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa* he may be discharged from his Confinement, mine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fast con- Ordered, That the said Thomas be this Day

tained in the said Petition: brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being

And it is referred to Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Harvey, fjifchafged; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Forrefler, Sir John Philipps, accordingly.

Mr. Morton, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr. West,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Serjeant Hewett, Mr. Ckelwynd, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Price, Mr. Grant, Mr. Mills, Lord Bandores, Mr. 7horoton, Mr. Upton, Mr. Thomas 7'own-jknd, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Dowdeswe/l, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Luttrell,

Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. West, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

And a Motion being made, that the several Accounts and Estimate, which have been presented to the House

Supply.

Alderman Bechford, Mr. Watjh, Mr. Sewell. Mr. Bul/er; in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted the Counties of Durham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, young Children, be referred to the said Committee; Northumberland, York, and Lancaster: And they are to The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends

hrh

DU

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

l/mfo!i Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, hiJge. upon Tuesdaynext, to proceed upon the Petition of the

Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, Gardeners, and other Inhabitants within the Counties of Surrey and Kent, (this Day presented to the House and ordered to lie upon the Table) after Two of the Clock.

Supple Bill;

for nifing a cmain Sum

to the Confederation of the House the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which

An ingrafted Bill, for railing by Annuities, in Manner therein mentioned, a certain Sum, to be charged on

the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of cer- they had directed him to report, when the House will liiiuitiM. ,a'n Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Monies please to receive the same.

arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday by an Act of this Session ol Parliament; was read the Morning next.

Third Time. Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that An Act for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein they may have Leave to fit again, mentioned, the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be charged Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Mo- whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted nies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, to His Majesty. granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fcpptr Bill; D«if> on H'lajovrs.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the An ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty several Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Way* and Mmq*>

And the said Order being read accordingly} Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed, That Lieutenant Colo-

Ratesand Duties upon Windows or Lights, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting ro His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the nel Boyd, Commissary for mustering the Troops

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. in the Pay of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, % Debt. A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum pursuant to their Order, several Papers, containing of Money, towards paying off and discharging the Debt Muster Rolls taken by him of the said Troops, of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year And then he withdrew.

1762, was read a Second Time. And it appearing ro the House, that the said Papers

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. were written in the French Language, the said Lieute-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee riant Colonel Boyd was again called in, and examined xt of the whole House. the Bar, in relation to the said Papers. 0

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- And he being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Papers be re-delivered to the said Lieutenant Colonel Boyd.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Boyd do lay before rfftjc. A Petition of Thomas Crofhy was presented to the this House, an Abstract of all Muster Rolls taken by fJoufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is him of the Heftian Troops, from the ift Day of now a Prisoner in the Gdtehouse, for obstructing the 1761, to the ift Day of January 1762, specifying the Constables in the Execution of an Order of this House; respective Times when the said Muster Rolls were taken. and alleging. That the Petitioner is truly sensible of, and

unfeigned lyfurry for his Offence; and begs Leave to act Mr. Grenville presented to the House, by His Ma-sure the House, that he will be careful to avoid incurring jesty's Command,

their DUplealure for the future; and that the Petitioner’s Fxfraft of a Letter from Mr. Pitt to the Earl of Bris-DeaHh is very precarious, and his Circumstances such, to/, dated July 28th 1761,

that the Continuance of his Confinement will be attended Copy of a Memorial relating to Spain, delivered to

Vol. 39. LI Mr.

Account;

HeBitu

Troop*.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloute, upon the said Bill.

Paper*

Papers relating to Cifcuiiions with Spain.

tjA 29° Januariu A. 1762*

Mr. Pitt by M. deBuJfy, Jtdy 23d 1761; and Transition.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. to M. de dated July 24th 1761} and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to' Mr.

Pitt, dated Segovia, August 31st 17615 received September nth; inclosing,

Paper, marked A. and Translation.

Paper, marked B. (Copy.)

Translation of a Paper delivered to the Earl of Bristol by General Wall, at St. August

28th 1761, marked (C).

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Pitt, dated Segovia, September 14th 1761; received October 5th.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Pitt, dated Segovia, September 21st 1761; received October 16 th.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Pitt, dated Segovia, September 28th 1761; received October 20tfi.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Pitt, dated Segovia, October 5 th 1761; received October 27 th.

Copy of a most secret Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated October 28th 1761.

_ Copy of a Letter from the Earl of to the

Earl of Bristol, dated October 28th 1761; secret and confidential.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated October 28th 17615 ieparaleand secret.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Pitt, dated. EJcurial, October 12th 17615 received November 8 th.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl

of Egremont, dated EJcurial, November 2d 1761; re-

ceived November 14th.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated November 19th 1761.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated November 19th 1761; most secret.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated November 19th 17615 separate and secret.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated EJcurial, Nov 9th 1761; received December 3d.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, November 16th, 1761; re-, ceived December 8th.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, November 23d 1761; received December 14th.

Copy of a Paper delivered by the Count de Fuentes to the Earl of Egremont, December 21st 176x5 and-Trans-lation.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Egremont to the Earl of Bristol, dated December 22d 1761.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, December nth 17615 re-' ceived December 24th, inclosing,

0 Paper, given 6t’n December 176x5 (Copy) marked A.

r Paper, given 8th December 1761; (Copy) marked B.

General Wail, B. R.eliro, 10th December 17615

(Copy)-, marked C.

General Wail, B. Retiro, xoth December 1761; (Translation) marked D.

Private, General Wall, B. Retiro, 10th December

1761; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl oiEgrammt, dated fiiadrid, November 30th 1761; received December 23th.

Copy of a Note- delivered to the Earl of by

the Count de Fuentes, December l 1761 and Tranl-

lation.

Copy of a Lettelf from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, December 7 thf 1761; received December 29th.

Copy of the Answer delivered to the Count de Fuentes by the Earl of Egremont, December 31st 17615 and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the EarT of Egremont, most secret, dated Madrid, December 6th 17615 received January9th 1762.

Copy of a Letter from the b’arl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, secret and confidential, dated Madrid, December 6th 1761; received January 9th 17625 inclosing,

Paper, delivered the 18th. November 1761, Copy, marked (A) and Translation.

Paper, received 3d December 1761, Copy, marked (B).

Paper received 3d December 1761, Translation, marked (C).

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, December7th, 9th, nth, 1761; received January 9th 17625 inclosing,

Paper, given 6th December 1761, marked (A).

Paper,’ given 8th December 1761, marked (B).

General Wall, B. Reiiro, xoth December 1761, marked (1).

General Wall, B. Retiro, xoth December 1761, marked (2) and Translation.

General Wall, Madrid, 10th December 1761, marked

(3) and Translation.

To General Wall, Madrid \December 10th 1761,

marked (4) and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, December nth 1761, most secret; received January9th 1762.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Madrid, December nth 1761, separate and secret; received January 9th 1762.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Egremont, dated Elvas in Portugal, December 26th 1761; received January 9th. 1762.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the 1 Joule.

The laid Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

, - t,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mount agu and'

Mr. Lane: .;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 'Wyndham’* Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, 11 tes‘ in the Pariflxes of Wit ham Frayr, Marston, or Nunny, in

the County of SomerJ'et, devisedi and limited by the Will I of Sir William Wyndham, Baronet, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Pur- r* -chafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Ul’es, except as therein mentioned 5 to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the s Litchfield further hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugo £led<o«> Meyneil, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and

Return for the City of Litchfield. T

And the Counsel were called in - '

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned^ ;: »! against, examined a Witness, in order to prove the fm--partiality of the Sheriff of the said City, in taking the f Poll, and to justify his having granted a Scrutiny. '

And the said Counsel having proposed to examine the said Witness concerning certain Lands, out of which it had been admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioner,- Mr.

Meyneil, that several Annuities had been granted by Mr.'

Cobb i.

The

J

a Geo. III.

290 Januariu-^i*'

135

Marine

forces.

The Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. objected

to their examining the said Witness in relation to the Title of those Land?, as contrary to the Relohition of the House of Friday lait, " That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, do confine them-4‘ selves at present to the Matter of the Return.'*

And tire Connie! for the Sitting Member, petitioned (against, having infilled upon examining the said Wit* nels, in order to prove, that Mr. Cobb did not appear to the said Sheriff’-to have been the Owner of the Lands out of which the said Annuities were granted, at the Time the said Annuities were granted;

The Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell, were . heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, beat present restrained from examining Witnesses, as to the Right which Mr. had in the Lands out of which iie granted the said Annuities.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. "Speaker acquainted them with the said Refofution.

And the said Witness was again called in, and further examined, in order so prove the Impartiality of the said Sheriff^ at the Timb. of taking the Roll, and also upon the Scrutiny.

The laid Counsel for the Sitting Member, petitioned against, also examined several other Vyitncftes, in order to prove that the said Sheriff behaved with great Candour and Impartiality, through the whole Course of the Poll.

And then the said Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the said Sheriff having proposed to examine Witnesses in Defence of the said Sheriff, against the Charge contained in the Petition of Mr. Meynell;

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell, having declared, That although the said Sheriff had, in many Respects, behaved partial> yet, as upon the Evidence already laid before the House, there does not appear sufficient Ground for confuting or punishing the said Sheriff, the said Petitioner does not desire to proceed criminally against: the said Sheriff The Counsel for the said Sheriff thereupon informed the House, That he should decline producing any Evi-

dence in Defence of the said Sheriff but humbly fub-rn it ted the said Sheriff’s same to the Confederation of the House.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Marter of the said Petition be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

to

Swindon

Road.

Lung) i° die Februarii\

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1764 PltAVERSi

A BILL for amending, widening, and keeping in Marlborough Repair, the Road from the North End, or Side, of the Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, in the said County, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, Thai the Bill be committed to Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Butler, Mr.

DowdesweH, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Mr. Harris,

Mr. Craven, Mr. Bid/er, Sir Charles Mr. Ful-

ler, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Price, Mr. Gore, Mr. Henniker,

Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Staunton, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Ash-bumham, Sir John Philipps, Mn Foley, Lord,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Abercromby, Sir

Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Vernon,

Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Sir Edmund Thomas ', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Glmcejier, and Somerset; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Wharfingers, Traders, and other Inhabitants within the an* cient Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and in Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, whole* sale Traders, and other Inhabitants within the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and City of London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Toll collected for the Passage of loaded Carts, Drays, or Waggons, over London Bridge, is a very considerable Charge upon the Petitioners, and others} and that the Manner of collecting the same oc- cations great Obstructions on the said Bridge, and in the Streets contiguous thereto, to the great Interruption of Trade, and manifest Danger of the Lives of Persons passing that Way: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein ps to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to take the said Petitions into ration

after Two of the Clock.

London Bridge

Ditto.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Stourbridge, holders, principal Inhabitants, and Manufacturers of Scc-the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, and Town

of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whole Names

Road.

House, t’tpon the Bill for the Regulation of His Ala - aiding or neat the Road,

,i , V. r- r- f,. ..01 0 and Places therein after mentioned, was presented to the

House, and read , Setting forth, That the Road lead-

----- 7 _ O--

jesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Privilege. Thomas Crosby was, according td Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody,'paying his Fees.

And then the' House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine the Clock.

\ af" a p:

ing from the Market House in Stourbridge, in the said County of Worcester, through the Lyt by the Hayes in the Parish of Old Swinford, and Collygate in the Tdwn* ship of Cradley, to the Market Town Halesowen, in the County of Salop, in the Turnpike Road leading to Birmingham aforesaid; and the Roads branching out of the fame, from the Lye aforesaid to Pedmore, in the Turnpike Road to Bromf grove in the county of ;

and by the Lye Forge, across the Thorns in the Pari Hi of Kingswinford, in the laid County of Stafford, to Holly. Hall, in the Turnpike Road leading to Dudley, in the said County of Worcester; are, in most Parcs thereof, fb ruinous and deep, that Carriages, or Persons on Horse-back, cannot pah without great Danger} and that the said Roads are, in many Parts thereof, deep,

sod very narrow and incommodious and cannot, by

the

Metivier’s

Nat.

Wolfe’*

Nat.

Eepinder’s

Nat.

136

1* Februa

A. 1762.

the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act w£J.tlham'* for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Ulev ments, in the Parishes of Witham , or

Nuntty, in the County of Somerset, deviled and limited by the Will of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, deceased;

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DMr. , Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Craven, Lord Clive, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clive, Mr. , Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, except as therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according to

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Price, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road Jarrit Smith, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Henniker, Mr. leading from Afliborne, in the County of Derby, through Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Grant, the Town of Leek, in the County of to Congleton,

Mr. Towtfliend, Lord Tilney, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Lut- in the county of ; and also the Road leading

trell, Mr. Wynne, Sir George Montgomery Meiham; and from Hanging Bridge near Ashborne, to the 'turnpike all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Road from to Newcastle under Line, at Spath, in

Salop, Stafford, and Warwick-, and for the Principality the County of; and also the Road leading

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five through the Town of Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Blyth in the said County of Stafford-, and also the

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Road leachng by Blore, in the County of Stafford, over

Cold Wall Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne A Bill for naturalizing Paul Metivier was read a Se- to Buxton, in the County of Derby: And the same was cond Time. received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Ih borne,

&c.

Rioui.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Salter, for the Sermon by him p cached upon Saturday last, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, and that lie be deli red to print

the fame: And that Sir William Beauchamp Prolior, Mr.

worth, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Town-

Otend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Oimius, Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr, Barrow, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ful- Bacon, and Mr. Cooke, do acquaint him therewith. ler, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Craven, Mr.

Price, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Sir John Phi- A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act

lipps, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Houb- of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating Ion, Lord Strange, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Egerton, Mr. to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Ma-whey, Sir "James Dashwood, Mr. Murray, Lord Midle- Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time. ton, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Resolved, That the'Hill be committed.

Prtwfe, Sir George Montgomery Metham: And they are Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

T)r. Ssl-er thanked.

Militia.

Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing "Jacob Wolffe, Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolffe, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Beauchamp Prolior, Mr. Harris, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Grosve-nor, Mr. Bootle, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Price, Mr. Wedder-burn, Mr. Houblon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Montagu,

A Motion was made, and the Queflfon being put, that the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and , do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be laid by him before this House, Accounts of all Qualifications left with, and registered by them, of Deputy Lieutenants, and of Officers serving in the Militia, dillin-

Milra

Qualifications;

Mr. Walsh, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Murray, guilhingeach Officer’s Name, the Date and Rank of his Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Commission, and the Nature of the Qualification;

Smith, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Town- It passed in the Negative.

Jhend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Henniker, Sir Edmumd Thomas,

Mr. Staunton, Mr- Craven, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mor- The House being informed that Lieutenant Colonel daunt, Mr. Paterjon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Egerton, Boyd attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Lord Strange: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order

Hessian

Troops.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Se-

A Bill for naturalizing James Repinder was read a cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. DoiMr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Barrow, Lord Strange, Mr. Butler, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Houblon, Lord Midleton, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Murray, Mr. Craven, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harris, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Buller, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Price, Mr. Ward, Mr. Henniker, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Stanhope: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloak, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Hejfian Troops, as " mullered in 1761.’!

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it" was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Qofnmittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

Supply.

a Geo. III. i° Februa 157

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His jVlaj.'lly, upon account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed arid deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thet House.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, pursuant to DiCcot-erv their Order, an Account of what Money has been issued - *hJ;Ie by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to *"1 several Acts of Parliament made, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals nude for the dif* covering the Longitude.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Navy Office, the a 2d January 1762.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen A me. intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Pei (on or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; also pursuant to an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Surveying the chief Ports, and Head Lands, on the Coastsot Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exact Determination of the Latitude and Longitude thereof; and likewise pursuant to an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the aforesaid Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for the discovering the Longitude; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 20th January 1762.

To whom, and upon what Account.

Sum.

To Mr. John Harrison, for enabling him to make an Experiment of a Machine invented by him, in the Nature of Clock-work, to keep Time at Sea; and to make another of the same Nature, but smaller Dimensions, according to a Certificate from the Commissioners of the Longitude, dated the 30th 1737 -

To Mr. William IVhiston, for procuring a new Set of astronomical Instruments for finding out the Longitude on the Coasts of this Kingdom, with the Variation of the Needle; and for enabling him to make Observations with them, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 16th January 1741 - - -

To Mr. John Harrison, on account of his making a Machine, with Improvements upon Two others before contrived by him, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 16th January 1741 ——

To Mr. John Harrison, on account of bringing his third Machine to Perfection, according to a

Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 4th June 1746 -

To Mr. John Harrison, on account of improving and completing his third Machine, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 17th July 1753 -

To Mr. John Harrison, on account of adjusting his third Machine, and making Two Watches, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 19th June 1753 To Mr. John Harrison, on account of further adjusting his third Machine, and completing the Two Watches, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 28th November 1757

To Mr. John Bird, for Two Instruments, proper for taking the necessary Observations on Shipboard of Mr. Professor Mayor's new invented Table of the Moon’s Motion, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 24th July 1759 - - - - 7

To Mr. John Harrison, on account of bringing to Perfection his third Machine, and completing a large Watch, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 18th July 1760 ——

To Mr. John Harrison, for enabling him to fit himself for a Voyage to Jamaica, to make an Experiment of his Watch, according to a Certificate from the said Commissioners, dated the 13th October 1761 ——

£. s.

250 — —

500 — —

500 — —

500 — —

5°°-----

500 — —

500-----

5°-----

500-----

200-----

4,000-----

The whole amounting to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds.

G. Cokburne. R. Osborne. 77/0. Slade, R. Temple. E. Mason, T. Brett.

You 29. 1 M m Ordered*

i38

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill j Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Navy Debt, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 176a, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Litchfield The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Eleduon. Matter of the Petition of Hugo Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Lilchfield.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. were

heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counselon both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And several Parts of the original Poll, taken at the said Election, of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, were read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be called in, and that the Counsel for the Petitioner, Mr. Meynell, be now directed to proceed upon the Merits of the Election;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, fata Y,* } ,.

Tellers for, he Noe, J

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That John Levett, Esquire, is duly returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

field-,

it passed in the Negative.

Refolded, That Hugo Meynell, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lite.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Litchfield, by rafing out the Name of John Levett, Esquire, and inserting in dead thereof the . Name of Hugo Meynell, Esquire;

And the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Litchfield; and also the Order made by this House, upon the 17th Day of November last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House; were read.

And Part of the Journal of the House of the 23d Day of February 1741, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon hearing the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Denbigh, was read.

And the Journal of the House of the 14th Day of December 1708, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon hearing the Merits of the double Return and Election for the Borough of , in the County of York, was also read.

20

1762.

And the Journal of the House, of the nth Day of January 1708, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon hearing the Merits of the double Return and Election for the Shire of Stirling, was also read.

Then the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j JJj; } ' ? 7-

Teller, for the Noe, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Litchfield, by rafing out the Name of John Levett, Esquire, and inserting instead thereof the Name of Hugo Me, Esquire.

Then the House being informed, on behalf of the Petitioner, Mr. Meytiell, that he had nothing further to offer to the House;

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the City of Litchfield, be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° dieFebruari’r>

Anno 2* Georgii III. U Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Common pr;neet(,orp Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosure. Common Grounds, Commonable Lands and Tythes, lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Precincts, and Hamlet of Princethorp, in the Parish of upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in the said Liberties One large open and common Field, called Princethorp Field, confiding of Fourteen Yard Lands and an Half, or thereabouts; and also a certain large Piece of Pasture and Wood Ground, called Princethorp Heath, and other odd Parcels of Land; which Premises contain together One thousand Acres, oc thereabouts; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and of others. Land Owners and Proprietors of the said open and common Field and Heath, are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement; and alleging. That the dividing and inclosing of the said Field, Heath, and other Parcel of Lands, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Common Field, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Treeony Lofiwithiel Turnpike Road in the Parish of Creed, in the &c. County of Cornwall, through Tregotty, to Ruan Lane- Road. home-, and from Demis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Potle, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Whitworth,

i° — 2° Februarii.

2 Geo. III. 2° Februarii’ 139

J Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. CWe, Mr. , Lord

4 Strange, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sir Armine Wode-

house, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Mr. HuJJey, Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Foley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Craven, Mr. Butler-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hale’* . Sir Armine Wodehouse presented to the House, accord-Name, ing to Order, a Bill to enable John Hase, Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

NfU.ton Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to Rwd. whom the Petition of several of the Gentry, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near unto the Town of Liverpoole, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fjlloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ralph Taylor, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Newton by Parr Stocks to the Guide Post in Parr, that the same is in a ruinous Condition, and can-notbe repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

That if Provision was made in the Bill for repairing the Road from Bolton to Newton, in the County of Lancaster, for repairing the said Road from to the Guide

! Poll in Parr, it would be of great public Utility, as it

would complete a Communication by a Turnpike Road between Liverpool and Yorkshire.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place [ near Bolton in the Moores to Leigh, and thence to the

| Guide Post near Golborne Dale, and to the South End of

Newton Bridge; and from the ft id Guide Post to Win-

wick, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Newton by Parr Stocks, as far as the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

i TniJock Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several n,«li Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles MMr. Harvey, Mr. Olntius, Mr. Bacon, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Mr.

Legh, Mr. Smith, cavendish, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Heivett, Lord Dungarvon, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Mr. Honywood,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Digby, Mr. Gore, Sir George Montgomery Metham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fi;io Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom {>a<lothers) d'c Bill for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Na Coq, John Henry Caxenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Adams reported from the Committee, to whom Salufh the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tre- Roads. rule Foot to Landrake, and from thence to Culver Park Gate, within the Borough of Saltash; and from Saltash Passage to the Corner of the Meadow, at the East End of the Bridge by the Lower Grift Mills, within the Borough of Plymouth; and from the North Stile of Saint Stephen’s Church Yard to the Alms House of the said Borough of Saltash; and from Bor at on Lane End to the Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of BotusFlemming, in the Coun-tiesof Cornwall and Devon-, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Litchfield" ing ro Order, amended the Return for the City of Election.

Litchfield.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Army» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mutioy upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and *nd for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, De eniofl-be now read.

And th said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfclt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, in pursuance of the Order of Londoa Friday last, That Leave be given to proceed upon the Bridge. Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, Gardeners, and other Inhabitants, within the Counties of Surrey and Kent-, it being after Two of the Clock;

And the House being also moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to take into Consideration the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Wharfingers, Traders, and other Inhabitants within the ancient Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and in Parts adjacent; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Whoselale Traders, and other Inhabitants within the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and City of L; The said Petitions were again read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Fin-cent, Mr. Onglty, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Of-wald, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wedderbttm, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Prefcot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shelley, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Archer, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Townjhtnd, General Cornwallis, Mr.

’ Secretary

140 a* — 3 Februarii.1762.

Secretary at War, Lord John Mr. , Lord

Bateman, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Kynajlm, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.; and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the City of London, and the Counties ' of Suirey, Kent, Middlesex, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into the State of the Bridge House Estates, and into all Grants of such Estates or Tolls for the Purpose of keeping London Bridge in Repair, and into the Application of the Revenue arising therefrom, from the Year 1700. x

Litchfield Ordered, That John Levelt, Esquire, be at Liberty to Election, petition this House, touching the Election for the City of Litchfield, within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported

Na»yDebt, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 1762, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk 'Fable.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Tamworih T-he House, according to Order, proceeded to the Election, hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Simon Luttrell and William Abney, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and

- And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the lad Determination of the House, made upon the 23d Day of January 1722, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth,(whereby it was resolved that the Right of

Election was in the Inhabitants, being Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms) was also

read.

And the (landing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, That John

<Hra tier foil and William Norton did, at the Time of can-

vaffing the Town of Tamworth, previous to the lad Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town, ad as Agents for the Sitting Members.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined another Witness to the same Points, in relation to which the former Witnesses had been examined.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Marine The other Order of the Day being read;

Forc's‘ Refohxd, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself- into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

The Order made this Day, for taking into Considera- Supply Bill; tion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Navy Debt, to whom the Bill for enabling Mis Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in the Year 176a, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Ee ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 3* dieFcbruarii \

Anno 2° Georgii III*1* Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for rendering more cffeiftual several stotencimrch Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Thirteenth Year of his 01 late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokeuchurch Hill to Enjhw Bridge, and the Road leading from Wheatley Bridgt through the City of Oxon, by Bcgbrooke, to New flock, in the County of Oxon, except the Mile Way on each Side of the said City; and for repairing the lload from the Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hillaforesaid; and for widening several Parts of the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Trustees to put the Act in execution, to insert " the Right honourable George Simon Harcourt, commonly called Lord Newnham, the Right honourable Philip Lord Viscount Wenman, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Honourable William Harcourt."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refcived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enflow Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by Bcgbrooke, to New WoodJlock, in the County of Oxon; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stokeftchurch aforesaid; and for repairing the Mile Ways on each Side of the said City, as therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee to whom Hinckley the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and thro' other principal Inhabitantsinand near the Towns of Hinck-®ur^e» ley, Burbage, Smockington, Claybrooks, Billefwell, Lv.ttc7 worth, and South Kilworth, in the County 01 whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behall of iliemselves and others, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame,.as it appeared to them, to the

House;

a Geo. III. 30

141

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Holled, and Henry Si/cox severally said. That they know the Roads described in the said Petition, that they are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty-Mile Stone in Field, in the County

oi Northampton: And that Sir John Philipps, Sir Thomas Palmer, and Mr. Edward Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the lames

Dringto, A Petition of Hugh Bet hell, Thomas Acklom, Thomas Ik. H'tdson, Esquires, Robert Grinijloti, Esquire, an Infant, lodofure. under the Age of One and Twenty Years, by William OJhaldeston, and John Gri Esquires, his Guardians, Jonathan Acklom, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in the several Town ships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough, in the I’arish of SkipJea, in Holderness. in the County of York, and Mercy Widow,

Lessee, together with the said Thomas Acklom, for Three Lives, under his Grace the Archbishop of Owner, in Right of his Archbishopric, of the Rectory of Skipfeaaforesaid, of all the Tythes of Com, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, and other Tythes and Offerings, arising within the said Townshipsor Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough aforesaid, Part of the said Rectory, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said TownshipsThirteen several open Fields, Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and Commons, containing together 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, That if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very beneficial to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the same several Fields, and Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground and Commons, in Manner as aforesaid, and for other the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Newton and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

Mod-brook, A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in *c. execution an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead-brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurck and Mangot’s , in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford , in the County of

Wilts-, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds on the Credit of the said Act, which Money hath been duly applied in repairing the said Roads; and alleging, That by a Clause in the said Act, the Petitioners are restrained from erecting any Gate or Turnpike, upon any Part of the Road between a Place called the Salutation Inn and Christian Malford; and that by

reason of such Restriction the Tolls now collected upon the said Roads are not sufficient to keep the same in good Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money already borrowed; and that by another Clause in the said Act, Two Third Parts of the Tolls are to be applied in repairing, and keeping in Repair, such Part of the Road Vol. alp.

only as lies between Mead-brook, and the , in t..e

Parish of Castle Combe, and also between and the Coal Mines, in the Parish of Pucklechurch-, and the remaining third Part in repairing, and keeping in Repair, such Part of the Road only as lies between the said Salutation and Christian Maljord Bridge-, and representing to the House, That the aforesaid Provisions have been found very inconvenient, and that the said Act is, in some other resptfts, ineffectual to answerthe Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bull, Mr-Craven, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harris, Mr,

Eger ton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mr. Price,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bejl, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Byde, Lord Grey, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wilkes,

Mr. Prowje, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Buller, Mr. OIncites, Mr. Foley, Mr. Legh, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Townshend, General Whitmore, VIr. Newton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Dashwood-, and all the Members who servefor the Culuv-ties of Wilts, Gloucester, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the' Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- Wltham ers, and ethers, in behalf of themfrlves and the rest of Drainage, the Owners and Proprietors of the Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides the River Wit ham, between the City of Lincoln and the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, containing 100,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and bounded as follows; that is to say, by the High Grounds of Lincoln, Canwick, and Washing-borough, from Lincoln, through Washingborough, and thence by the Car Dyke from Washingborough to Thorpe Tilney; and by the High Grounds of Thorpe Tilney and the Car Dyke from Tilney aforesaid to Billinghay Skirts, by the High Grounds of Wallcott and Billinghay aforesaid, Digby, Dorrington, Rnjkington,

Howell, Heckington, Great Hale and Little Hale; from

Billinghay aforesaid, to Helpingham Fen on the West, by the Common Fens of Helpingham, Bicker, and Dorrington-, and by the Southern Boundary of Holland Fen, from Helpingham Fen aforesaid, to B'ston on the South, by Hammond Beck. Boston, West Sibjey and from

Boston aforesaid, to Stickney Bar Green, East; and by the High Grounds of llagnaby, East Kirkby, Revejhy,

Mareham, Tumby, and Coningsby, from Stickney Bar Green aforesaid, to Tattershall-bane, and the High Grounds of Tattershall, Kirkjlead, Towery Moor, Wood Hall StickJ-would, Horjmgton, Bucknall, Tupho/m,

Stainfield, Barlings, Fijkerton, Willingham, Greetje/l, and Monks-, from Tattershall-bdne aforesaid, to Lincoln on the North-East and North, and from the River Wit ham to the High Grounds of Lincoln Common, by Sind I Dyke, on the Welt; and also of several of the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Estates adjoining to the said Low Lands, and of the Mayor and Corporation of the said Borough of Boston-, and of several Merchants and Inhabitants, within the said Borough, and of several Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, and the Country adjacent to the said River, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Out-fall of the said River Wit ham through Boston, to the Sea, being much lilted up, and in Danger of being loll, the said Low Grounds, called the Fens, are frequently overflowed, whereby a great Part thereof is much damaged, and other Parts thereof are rendered almost useless and unprofitable; and that

N n from

Duke of Bridgewater’ Canal at

Longford

Bridge.

J42 Februarii. A. 17

from the present bad State of the said Out-fall, and the said River being tilted up for several Miles, the Navigation thereon, between Brayford , in the said City of Lincoln, and the said Borough of Baston, is totally destroyed; and that the said Out-fall and Navigation are capable of being restored, and the said Low Lands, called the Fens, are Capable of being drained and*greatly Improved; but as the necessary Works for effecting the good Purposes aforesaid, cannot be made without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for restoring the said Out-fall and the Navigation of the said River, and for draining and preferring the said Low Lands, called the Fens, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bertie, Mr.

-Hobart, Lord Grey, Mr. Newton, Sir George,

Met ham, Mr. Byde, Mr. Legh, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Northey, Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barre, Mr. Craven, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Price, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Staunton, Mr, Egerton, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Buller, General Whitmore, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Henniker-, and all the Members who serve for tile Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, Nottingham, and Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are s thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mersey and Irwell, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, on behalf of themselves, and sundry other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, in carrying into execution an Act of the 7th Year of King George the First, for making the Rivers Mersey and Irwell navigable, the Petitioners and others, and those through whom they claim, have expended £. 18,000 and upwards, whereby the said Rivers have been rendered completely navigable; and taking Notice of Two Acts, one passed in the 3ad Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the 33d Year of his said Majesty, authorizing the Duke of Bridgewater to make, at his own Expence, a navigable Cut or Canal, from a Certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near WorjleyMill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley-, and to or near Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from or near Worjley Mill, over the River Irwell, to the Town of Manchester, in the said County Palatine; and to or near Longford Bridge in the Township of Stretford: And also taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, to enable the said Duke to extend the said Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge to the River Mersey, at. a Place called the Hemp-jiones in the Township of Ha in the County of Chester; and also alleging. That the Petitioners have great Part of their respective Fortunes engaged in, and depending upon, the Navigation of the said Rivers Mersey and Irwell, which will be extremely hurt, and the Petitioners Estate and Interest therein rendered of very inconsiderable Value, should the said Duke be authorized by Parliament to make the said navigable Cut or Canal: And therefore praying the House to take the PrCmiles into Consideration, and to permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law; and that they may. have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

l0

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit,

A Petition of John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, and of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, Farmers, and Tradesmen, in and near the Towns and Ports of Lewes and and the l’arilhes

of Bishopston, and Newhaven, in 1 he County of Snjiex, Whose Names are thereunto lhbscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petition, ers, John Woods, William Woods, and Challen, are, by virtue of a Lease made and granted to them by the Lord of the Manor of Bishopston, in the County of Snjjlx, for the Term of Five hundred Years, commencing t om Lady Day 1761, possessed of, and entitled to, a Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh or Waste Ground, covered with Water at the Time of high Tides, situate within the Manor and Parish of Bishopston aforesaid, and extending from the Mark Poll crested at the Fall End of the Manor of Metidling, alias Newhaven, to the Esflernmost Part

of the Manor of Bishopston, next to Hletchington Marsh and abutting on the Sea Wall or Mound, against ston Marsh, and the Road leading from Bishopston, to Sea-

ford towards the North, and on the Shingle or Stone Beach against the Sea towards the South, and of the Use of the Water (lowing and reflowing over the said Ground, Creek, or Channel; and the Liberty of creating and fotting up a Mill or Mills on the Pre mills, for grinding Corn or Grain; or of making Sluices, Dams, Flood Gates, Locks, Quays, Walls, and other Buildings and Conveniences for the lame; together with several other

Liberties and Privileges, and under and subject to such

Provisions and Restriduons as are therein mentioned; and that there is a Creek or Channel of Water passing through, or lying in the said Salt Marsh or Waste Ground comprised in the said Lease, which extends from a Dock, Wharf, and Warehouse, erected at the E-ft End of the said Marsh, at the Distnnce of about a Mile from the Town of Seaford, to the West Part of the same Ground, where it runs into, or communicates with, a Cre.k called the Old Haven Creek, and winch also communicates with the River running from Lewes to Newhaven; and which Creek is navigable for Boats or Barges at Spring Tides only: And that the Petitioners, John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, do propose to build One or more Mill or Mills in or upon the said Creek or Channel, for grinding Corn, and making and manufacturing the same into Flour, as well for Home Consumption as lor Exportation; and for that Purpose to -make.and build a Dam aerol's the said Creek, with proper Flood Gates or Sluices therein, to be opened with the Flux, and (hut with the Reflux, of the Tide; and thereby to culiedt and reserve a sufficient Quantity, or Head ot Water, for 'working the said Mills during the Time of such Reflux; and they also propose to make a commodious Whailj or Quay, at the said Mills, for loading and unloading of Corn and Goods, and a convenient Road to and trom the fame: And, as the Country' near and adjoining to the said Creek abounds with Corn and Grain, it is apj re-hended that the building such M IL will not only facilitate the Sale off he* Produce of the Lands there, 'out also fender the Navigation of the said Channel moie practicable: But, as she erecting such Mills and Work-', !;: the Purposes aforesaid, will be very expc.ufnc to li e Petitioners, John Woods, William Wc»M, and /h r and they may be liable to be disturbed in ih p: 'Iv-.uing the lame, by Persons claiming a conltaiit Navigation in and upon the said Creek, the said Proposal cannot be dFe&ually established‘without the SaiNbon of an Act of Parliament; And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Petitioners to'erect and build such Mill or Mills, in and u- on the

Bishoprton Tale Mels.

2 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

said Creek or Channel, as aforesaidj with and under such Provisions and Restrictions, as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered,^That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall apoear to them, to the House:

143

Monies which are contained in the Accounts laid before Parliament, of the extraordinary Services incurred and not provided for; and also of the Monies contained in the Accounts of the Sums issued pursuant to divers Acts of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray the extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred; and to take such Measures as might be necef-

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mn Sutler, Mr. fftry to defeat the Enterprizes of His Enemies, and as Gore, Mr. Protvfe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Harris, Mr. the Exigency of Affairs might require; distinguishing

Craven, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Price, Sir Charles the several Services to which the Money has been ap-Mordaunt, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Parker, plied, the Authorities by which it has been i due cl, and lord Grey, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Morgan, the Persons to whom it has been paid, during the Years Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Northey, Mr. Oltnitis, 1757, 1758, 1759, 1760, and the present Year, to the

Sanson,

kC.

Road.

Mr. Best, Mr. Legh, Mr. Foley, General Whitmore, Mr.

Henniker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sir James Dajjn

wood, Mr. Buller, Colonel Berkeley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, and Sur-

rey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to

24th of June last.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabid, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

appointing Commissioners for putting in execution an !lnU a*' Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year 1.762 Smithy, in the County of Chester-, and from Hilderstone to And that Mr. West, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Dravcott in the Moors; and from Wctley Rocks to Fean, in the said County of Stafford; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Fitherington, Butley, Adlinpon, Pointon,

and Norbury, and Places adjacent, whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all

and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill, for enabling His Majesty to raise a Supply Bill; Certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharg- Ivavj Let)t‘ ing the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services in

other the Inhabitants of the said Townships; and also the Year 1762, was read the Third Time, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants residing in and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, near the Road lying between the Market Town of Mac- An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum clesjicld and Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, whole of Money towards paying oft' and discharging the Debt Names ard thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year

of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of and; were fe-

verally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed tho Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Boyd do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gore reported from die Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion*

Sccthampton

YVri'.

The House, according to Ordcf, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Simon Luttrell and William Abney, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of -

Amount;

Army

fyenditure.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ekAing of a Knight of the Shine to fat*in thjspte- 3.

{ft Par'"!"'.nt ,orC/the C°unty of " yAnd the County were oiled in.

Room of Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of one of the Chamberlains of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Tamworth

Election.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several other Witnesses, in order to prove that John Watterson and William Norton did, previous to the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, aft as Agents for the Sitting Members; and the said

A particular Account of the Expenditure of the Mo- Counsel having proposed (in order to prove that the said nies which have been granted towards defraying the John Watterson and William Norton did corrupt several Charge of Forage, Bread, iAc. and other Contingencies of the Voters for the said Borough, in favour of the of the Combined Armies in Germany, and also of the Sitting Members) to produce the Records of Two Ver-Vol. 29. dists

144

3* — 4° Februarii. A. 1762.

dists found against the said John Watterson and William Norton, at the last Assizes for the County of Warwick, upon Two several Actions brought upon the Statute of the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, one against the said William Norton, for corrupting Thomas More to vote at the said Election for the Sitting Members, and the other against the said John Watterson, for corrupting Thomas Dones to Vote for the Sitting Members;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members objected to the producing of the said Records in Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard in Answer to that Objection;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Petition of Simon Lnttrell and William Abney, Esquires, was again read.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be restrained from giving in Evidence the Records now offered.

And the Counsel were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted theiji with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove that the said John Watterson did actually bribe one of the Voters of the said Borough to vole for the Sitting Members.

And the said Counsel having examined another Wit* nets, in order to prove that the said John Watterson and William Norton acted as Agents for the Sitting Members;

The said Witness was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and examined to the same Point.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Mad and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

"§*« night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °&S' House, upon the Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad, and other raisehievous Dogs.

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* bb4 Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Mean*. ing next^ ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviSj 4* die Februarii \

Anno 2® Georgii III*11 Regis, 17/S2.

Prayers.

Fatio* A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Rodolph (and r,t: cr») Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and

Henry Peter Kuhff, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of Liver- urc '

poole, in Common Council assembled, and of the tteftors, Churchwardens, and Parishioners of the said Parish of Liverpool, whose common Seal and Names are thereto affixed and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Number of Inhabitants within the said Town of Liverpool, is of late Years so greatly increased, that the Four Churches in the said Town are not near sufficient to contain the Inhabitants of the said Town; and alleging, that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to have Two new Churches built in the said Parish, by a Rate arid Assessment to be paid by the Petitioners and the Parishioners of Liverpoole for that Purpose; and for the purchasing Ground for the Sites of the said Churches, and for Cemeteries or Burial Places for the Use of the said Parish, which are also greatly wanted; and also for the Endowment of the said Two Churches: And alleging, That the Pavement of the Streets in the said Town, and the Repairs thereof, are attended with a great Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Town; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to the said Inhabitants, if. Carts, and other such Carriages used in the said Town, were constructed and used with Wheels of wider Breadth than at present; and that it would also be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if Provision was made for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid to Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, working or plying in the said Town; and for regulating the Behaviour of such Carmen, Coachmen, and Chairmen: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for all or any the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred, to Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Smith, Mr Whitworth, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Med-lycott, Mr. Clive, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Byde, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Mm on, Mr.. Vane, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Harvjv Mr. Wed-derburn, Mr. Harris, Mr. Craven, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Wilbraliam Bootle, Mr. Price, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pelham, Lord Grey, Mi*. Hume, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pent on-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Fork,

Chester, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Northumberland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Goore, John Blackbume the Sanker

younger, and Richard Trafford, was presented to the Brook

House, and read; Setting forth, That, by1 an Act Navigation, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the Petitioners, together with James Crosbie and John Ashton, since deceased, weie appointed Undertakers, and were impowered to make the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, in the County of Lancaster, navigable from the River Mersey to Board* manftone Bridge, Gerrard's Bridge, and Penny Bridge respectively, on several Branches of the same Brook; and to extend the said Navigation in the said Three Branches, or any of them, for any Distance above the said Three

Bridges*

2 Geo. III. 48 FebruariL 14$

Bridges, respectively, not exceeding Eight hundred Gate between a Place cklled the Salutation Inn and Yards; and alleging. That the said Undertakers have Christian Malford Bridge; and that the Tolls collected accordingly, at their own Expence, carried the said upon the said Road are directed to be applied as follows;

Navigation frotn the said River Mersey, below Sankey vizTwo third Parts upon the Road between Bridges aforesaid, up to the said Bridges called Gerrard's and the said Salutation Inn, and between and

Bridge and Penny Bridge, except in the Time of Neap the Coal Mines, in the said Parish; and the remaining Tides, when the Navigation, as well of the same Brook, Third Part between the said Salutation Inn and as also of the River Mersey, between the same and a Place Malford Bridge: And,

called Fidler's Ferry, is impracticable; and that the Mr. That the Trustees, being restrained

making a navigable Cut or Canal from, or near, the low- from erecting any Gate between the Salutation and Chris-

eft Lock, on such Brook, to join or communicate with tiaMalford Bridge, the Tolls are inefficient to pay off

the said River Mersey, at, or near, Fidler's Ferry afore- the Money now owing, and to keep the said Roads in

laid, and the extending the Navigation of Sankey Brook, good Repair; and that the appropriating the Money ill

from, or above, the said Three Bridges for the further Manner aforesaid hath been found very inconvenient;

Space or Length of Twelve hundred Yards, would, re- and that the said Act hath been found, in other Respects; spectively, be a Means of procuring not only a more cer- ineffectual to answer the Purposes thereby intended, tain Navigation, but also of furnishing a greater Quan- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to tity of Coals for the Use of the Town of Liverpoole, and amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 29th the Parts adjacent; but, as the improving and extend- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act ing the said Navigation cannot be effected unless the said for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions therein from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of contained, be further extended and explained by Autho- church and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to rity of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of ; and be given to bring in a Bill, for the amending and explain- also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in ing the said Act, and making the same more effectual, for the said Parish: And that Sir Robert Long arid Mr. Daniel the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House Bull do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God, Eav?h*oo<i

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine R Lord Bishop of Durham, Lord of the Manor of Inclosurt, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- Eavenweod, in the County of Durham, and of the several pear to them, to the House: Freeholders, Copyholders, and Leaseholders, within the

Ar.d it is referred to Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Staunton, same Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. behalf of themselves, and of several other Persons who Vane, Mr. Penton, Lord Midleton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. On- are Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said flow, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Maw- Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting bey, Mr. Webb, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Byde, forth, That there is a large Common, or Moor, or Tract Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Harris, of waste Land, situate within the several Townships of Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Waljh, Mr. E and West Auckland, and ill the Manor of Blackstone, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Price, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Eavenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen Auckland, being Prowse, Mr. Clive, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Craven, Mr. Part and Parcel of a very large Moor, or Common, com-Adams, Lord Grey, Mr. Houblon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, monly called, or known by the Name of, Fell, in

Mr. Stanley, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. De Grey, Sir the County containing together, by Estimation,

Francis Dashwood, Mr. Willy, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Luttrell; 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, the Soil whereof belongs to and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lan- the Petitioner, the Bishop of Durham, in Right of his (after, Chester, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, West- Church and See of Durham, as Lord of the Manor of

tnoreland, and Durham: And they are to meet this After- Eavenwood aforesaid; and alleging. That the said Bishop, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and the rest of the Petitioners, and other Owners and and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the several cords. Townships, in order to improve their Estates, are desirous

that, after the reserving a proper Equivalent to the said toad Brook, Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Bishop for his Right in the said Soil, the said Common,

-kc* whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put or Tract of waste Ground, may be let out and allotted

w in execution an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign among the several Owners of Lands and Tenements, en-

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An titled to Right of Common on the fame: And therefore

Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of the Purposes aforesaid.

Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts-, and suant to the Prayer of the Lid Petition: And that Mr.

also, from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines, Vane, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Robert Shafto, do prepare; in the said Parish, was referred; that the Committee and bring in, the fame, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, pjafeMm to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, wood, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: living in, and near, the Road leading from the White tee.

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Post, on a certain Place called Hafelden's Wood, in the

viz. Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent, to and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. through a certain Street, called Mi/khouse Street, in the Wm. Pittneger, Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, said Parish of; and from thence, to and

produced to your Committee an Extract from the through a certain Lane, called Chappel Lane, in the Lid Books belonging to the Trustees, by which it ap- Parish; and from thence to Golford Green, in the said peared, that there is now due and owing, upon the Parish; and from thence, to and through the Town of Credit of the Lid Act, the Sum of £.2,500, which Tentetden, in the said County of; and from thence, has been applied pursuant to the Directions of the said to the White Hart in Reading Street, in the Parish of Act. Ebony, in the Lid County of Kent; and from thence down

Then Part of the said Act was read; whereby it ap- a Lane, called Brewhouse Lane, in the said Parish of Appeared, that the Trustees are restrained from erecting any ny, to the first Bridge in the Road leading to Appledore,

Vol. 49. O o in

4° Februarii.

A. 1761.

in the said County of Kent; and also from the Bull Inn, for increasing the Tolls, and giving such further Powers in Milkkonfe Street aforesaid, to the Market House in the to the Petitioners, the said Trustees, as may enable them Townof Bid Jen Jen, in the said County; and from thence to effectually to carry' the same into execution, under such Castleden's Oak, in the said Parish of Bidden Jen; and also. Regulations as to the House shall seem meet, from Go,ford Green aforesaid, to Tanners Vent, in the Parish Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-of Benenden, in the said County of Kent; was presented to sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the House, and' read; Setting forth, That the said Road is the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear very ruinous, and cannot be amended by the ordinary to them, to the House:

Course of I aw: And therefore praying, That Leave may And it is referred to Mr. Byde, Mr. Houbton, Sir Ellis be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said lload, in Cunliffe, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr Mr. such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. A Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Lord Strange, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Mr. Mr. Upton, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir Mr.

the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall ap- Berkeley, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Staunton, pear to them, to the House: Mr. Elliott, Mr. Foley, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Price, Mr. Gray,

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Philipps. Mr. Mr. Craven; and all the Members who serve Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Byde, for the Counties of Hertford, Huntingdon, Essex, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, General Whitmore, Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Legh, Mr. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Berkeley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Power to fend for Per Ions, Papers, and Records.

Foley, Mr. Clive, Mr. Henniker, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Bull, Vicar and Whiflendine for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and Middlesex;Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church of Whijfen- Jndofure. and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this dine, in the County of Rutland, the Honourable and Re-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Cham- verend Robert Sherard, Clerk, John Mason, Abraham ber; and have Power to fend for Persons Papers and Hack, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields,

Records. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly Mnivier’* Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable the Bill for naturalizing Paul Metivier was committed, of Improvement; and alleging. That, if the same were That the Committee had examined the Allegations of divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each the Bill; and found the feme to be true; and that the Proprietor and Person interested, according to his Pro-Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the perty and Interest therein, it would greatly improve their House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the several Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. laid Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the

House shall seem meet.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom N«. the Bill for naturalizing Jacob Wo/ffe, Esquire, commonly called ^teton Wolfe, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

RepinJer’s Mr. Whitznorthreported from the Committee, to whom

Nat. the Bill for naturalizing James Repinder, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Wadrftnill, A Petition of the Trustees appointed by Two several t/c Atts of Parliament, of the 6th and 16th Years of His Road. iate Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Wadef-miil, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, and several other Gentlemen, Clergymen, and others, living near, and usually travelling, the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Acts, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road; and alleging, That, from the great Number of Broad Wheels using the said Road, the Tolls, which arise chiefly from Waggons, are so much reduced, and the Roads (which formerly were in good Condition) are now lb much injured, by the excessive Weights carried upon the Broad Wheeled Waggons, that they cannot be amended and kept in good and sufficient Repair, nor the Money owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, be repaid, without a further Continuation of the ’Term granted by the said Acts, and an Increase of the Tolls thereby given: And therefore praying, That Leave niay be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term given by the said former Acts, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that- Mr.

Bayntun and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Molt noble Henry Duke of - Swanfe* fort. Lord of the Seigniory of Gower, in the County of Inclosure. Glamorgan, a Minor, by Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Beaufort, his Mother and Guardian, and the humble Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea, in the said County, a Member of the said Seigniory was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there is, within the said Borough, a Parcel of open and uninclosed Land, commonly called the Town Hill, otherwise Graig Llwyd, containing 70O Acres, or thereabouts; and also, One other Parcel of open and uninclosed Land, called the Burroughs, lying between the said Borough and the Sea, consisting mostly of Sand Banks, and containing about Fifty Acres; and alleging, That the dividing and inclosing of the said Parcels of Land will be of great Benefit to the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Parcels of Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Berkeley and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Lanchester Richcrd Lord Bishop of "Durham, Lord of the Manor of Inclosure. Lanchester, in the County of Durham, and of the several Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Persons who are Owners of Lands or Tenements within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Common, Moor, or Trad: of waste Ground, lying within the said Manor of Lanchester, and

commonly

1.

’! - Army; Mutiny aiMt Defmioo.

Reprindng Journals.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Taraworth

Election.

, JL*

2 Geo. III. 4 0 Februar^ 147

commonly called, or known by the Name of Middlewood The Lord was heard in his'rlacc;

Moor, or U/haw Moor, containing 600 Acres, or there- Andtthen he withdrew. v' abouts, the Soil whereof belongs to the Petitioner, the Nemine , That the Right ho-

Lord Bishop of Durham, in Right of his Church and nourable George BuJJ'ey , commonly called Lord

See of Durham, as Lord of the Manor of Lartchester is duly elected a Burge is to' fetve in this present

aforesaid; and alleging, That the Petitioners, in order Parliament for the Borough of in the Coun*

to improve their Estates and Properties, are delirous ties of and

that the said Common, or Trad: of waste Ground, should A Motion was made; and the Question being probe divided and inclosed; and that after the reserving a posed, That Sir Robert Baronet* is duly elected

proper Equivalent to the said Bishop, for, and in relped a Burgess tofervein this present Parliament for the Bo-to his Interest in the said Soil, the said Waste or Com- rough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and mon may be let out and allotted to, and among the fe- IV; veral Owners of Lands and Tenements, intitled to Sir Robert Burdett withdrew.

Common Right on the fame: And therefore praying, Resolved, That Sir Robert Burdett, Baronet, is duly That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur- elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for poses aforesaid. the Borough of , in the Counties of Stafford

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and Warwick. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Vane and Mr. Robert Shaflo do prepare, and bring Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given in, the fame. to bring in a Bill for keeping distinct and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, in all the Pa- Mr. Gore, according to Order, reported from the Com- rilhes within the Bills of Mortality: And that Mr. Fuller, mitteeof the whole House, to whom the Bill forpunish- Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philips, ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment and Mr. Harris of Christ Church, do prepare, and bring of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the in, the fame.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the ' A Complaint was made to the House, That the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Names of Two of the Members of this House had wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the been counterfeited in the Franking of Letters sent by Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once the General Poll.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; And the House being informed. That. Mr. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Majkal, Inspector of the Franks at the General Poll agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made Office, attended at the Door, he was called in, and at by the House to the Bill. the Bar produced a Letter franked with the Name of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be a Member of this House; and also another Letter ingrafted. franked with the Name of another Member of this

House, containing Two Papers franked with the same Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, who were Name; which Letters and Papers the Witness informed appointed to consider of the Re-printing a sufficient the House, had been shewn to the said Members re-Number of the Journals of this House, for the Use of Ipedively, who severally declared that their Names, with the Members thereof; That the Committee had confi- which the said Letters and Papers are severally franked, dered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him are not of their Hand Writing.

to make a Report to the House; and he read the Re- And the said Letters and Papers were delivered in at port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the the Table.

CJerk’s Table. And the said Mr. John Majkal withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. And the Superscription of the Letter, franked with

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the the Name of the first of the said Members: and also the Committee who were appointed to consider of the Re- Name of the Person who signed it, was read, printing a sufficient Number of the Journals of this And the said Member being present, and the said House, for the Use of the Members thereof. ' letter, ligned Thomas Haddock, and the Superscription

thereof being shewed to him, he declared that the Frank; Mr. prefen ted to the House, according to Order, was not of his, the said Member’s Hand Writing, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in exe- Ordered, That the said Thomas Haddock do attend this cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, House upon this Day levennight.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Then the Superscription of the other Letter, con-Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of taining in it Two other Papers, franked with the Name the Year 1762: And the same was received; and read of the said other Member, and Two Letters; and also the First Time. the Name of William Pinkney, the Person who ligned

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. One of the said Letters, and who appeared to have

sent the said Franks, were read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the further Ordered, That the said Pinkney do attend this

Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Simon Luttrell House upon this Day levennight. and William Abney, Esquires, complaining of an undue Ordered, That the said Mr. John do attend

Election and Return for the Borough of Tamworth, in this House at the same Time, the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing

One of the Petitioners (being elected a Burgess to of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Muilman and serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thomas Parker, Esquires, complaining of an undue

Wigan, in the County of Lancaster) informed the House, Election and Return for the Borough of , in

on behalf of himself and the other Petitioner, that they the County of Surrey,

declined giving the House any farther Trouble upon the That the Matter of the said Petition be

Matter of the said Petition. heard at the Bar of this House, upon next, at

A Motion was made; and the Question being pro- Twelve of the ClocK. posed, That the Right honourable George Buffey Villiers,

commonly called Lord Villiers, is duly elected a Burgess And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick;

Yot. 29*

* v

Poor

Account*,

Privilege.

Hasten e e Eletiion.

i48 5’

Veneris, 50

Anno a* Georgii III*" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Bolton A yT Shuttleworthpresented to the House accord*

in the 1V1 Jng to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton the Moori 0i to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near

Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge; and from the said Guide Port to; and from

by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in in the County

Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chamaod’i A Petition of Jean Charnaud was presented to the Nit; House, and read; praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Linwood and Mr. Tucker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

puk« «f Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to y. whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of " Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the Bridge. County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River at a

Place called the Hempjlones, in' the Township of in the County of Chesteris committed, be received upon Wedrtefday Morning next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors or Owners of Shares of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mersey and Irwell, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and on

behalf of themselves and sundry other Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, upon Wednesday next, to proceed upon the said Report, after Two of the Clock.

ehumacher's A Petition of Philip Schumacher was presented to the Nat, House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturafization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jarrit Smith and Mr, Blatkflont do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

I,<"*,*?routh A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to 0 put in execution an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the said Act into execution, agreeable to the Powers therein granted, but find the same cannot be effectually done, unless the said Act is further continued, and made more effectual; and setting forth, That the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at or near Coleorton Church, and leading from the Town of Cole-orton over Coleorton Moor, through the several Parishes and Liberties of Worthington, Breedon, Newbold,

Jion, Osgathorpe, Belton, Shepshead, and

Hatherne, in the County of Leicester, and Sutton, Bonington, Normanton, Stanford, and in the County of Nottingham, to Rempjion aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law:

Februarit. d. 1762*

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee I And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Adams, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Nor they, t

General Whitmore, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Hermiker, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. K Mr. Mr.. Price, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Lord Strange,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Wheatley, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Fand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northamp- J

ton, Derby, Warwick, Nottingham, and York: And i

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Shukbrugh Ashby, Esquire, Lot*d of the Hunserton Manor, Impropriator of the great and small Tythes, inckfurt. and Patron of the Vicarage of in the County r

of Leicester; and also a Proprietor of nearly Five Parts in Six of the open Fields of Hungerton; and of the Reverend George Ashby, Bachelor in Divinity, Vicar of F

the said Vicarage, and others, whose Names are there- ‘

unto subscribed. Proprietors of Land in the said Fields, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Pro- 'r

prietors and Persons interested in the fame; Was pre- 1

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the -

Lands of the several Proprietors, in the said Fields, lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, inespa- 1

ble of Improvement; and alleging. That if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts T

thereof allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested,

according to their Interest and Property therein, it would - ’

improve their respective Estates in the same Fields: And i:

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in t

a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. E

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- 1

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Edward Smith, and Mr. Lowndes, i.

do prepare, and bring in, the feme. C

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Helket j Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of - Newmarket ‘

land and Wef mor eland, was presented to the House, and R®*1* read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Market Town of Hejket Newmarket, in the said Comity r

of Cumberland, by Yewes Bridge, to the Borough of Cockermouth-, and from thence by Lortou, over Whin-latter, to Keswick, in the said County; and from Kef- r

wick, by Dummail Rays and Amblejide, to the Borough si

of Kirkby in Kendale, in the said County of - ,

land: and the Road from Plumgarth's Cross, near the ’

said Borough of Kirkby, to the Lake called Windermere,

or Winnandermere, in the said County of Westmoreland , [

and also the Road leading from Keswick aforesaid, over

Hutton Moor to Penrith, in the said County of land-, are so narrow in many Places, and in others for J-1

very ruinous, that it is impossible to repair the same by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, 1

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for widening, repairing, and amending the said Roads, in

such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the '

Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James , Mr. Upton,

Sir Charles Mor daunt,1 Mr. Hume, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynajhn, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Fmersaut s

Mr.

Salta fh Roads.

Marlborough

to

Saliftniry

Road.

Avenue

to

London

Bridge.

*1 Geo. III. 50 Februarii, 40

Mr. Lowtldes, Mr. Thomlinfon, Sir furrier, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lane, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. BMr. Whitworth, Mr. 7 'ownjhend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Bull, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brudettell, Lord Midleton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Glover, Mr.;

and all the Members who i'erve for the Counties of Cum. her land, Westmoreland’, Northumberland, Durham, and

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An iogrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from TrernleFoot to Landrake\ and from thence to

Culver Park Gate, within the Borough of Saltash; and from Saltash Passage to the Corner of the Meadow at the East End of the Bridge, by the lower Grift Mills, within the Borough of Plymouth; and from the North Stile of Saint Stephen's Church Yard to the Alms House of the said Borough of Saltash; and from Boraton Lane End to the Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botus Flemming, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. I.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Marlborough, and other Places in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the North End or Side of the said Town of Marlborough, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, in the said County; and setting forth, That the Road from the Town of Marlborough, to Salisbury, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, from the said Town of Marlborough, to the said Town of Salisbury, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repdrt the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Brudenell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Brudenell, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Woodley, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Waller,. Mr. Northey, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Black/one. Lord Middlesex, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thomlinfon, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Bull, Lord Strange, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gray, Mr. Berkeley, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Townshend, Lord Clive, Mr. Abraham Hume, Lord Brown/ow Bertie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Clive, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Wynne, Sir John Barrington, Lord Ferney, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, Somerset, and Gloucester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House

A Petition of tjhe Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Vol. 29.

Commons of the City of Londo, iri ComtnOn Council assembled.

And then they withdrew,

And the said Petition was read Setting forth, That in conseqtlenCe of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge; the Passage over the said Bridge is already, on the Eastern Side thereof, secured by a Balustrade, which, in order to avoid the Water Works of London Bridge, and preserve, with Regularity, the Connection of the Passage of the said Bridge with Fish Street Hill, ranges Northward upon the Parish Church of the united Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret's, New Fish , at the North East Avenue of the said Bridge, almost in a Line with the Arch of the Steeple of the said Church, which forms an elegant and spacious Passage through the said Tower, from North to South: And alleging, That the good Ends of the said Act cannot be effectually answered, unless a Part of the Fabric on the North and South Sides of the said Tower is taken down as far as the East Side of the said Steeple; and so much of the Site of the said Church, with a Passage through the said Tower, laid into the North East Avenue of the said Bridge: And that when the Westerrl Walls of the said Church, on the North and South Sides of the Steeple, are erected in a Line with the East Side thereof; and a convenient Vestry Room and Engine House built in the Church Yard, neither the Body, nor the Steeple of the said Church, will be injured; but as the Alteration proposed cannot be made witbo.ut the Authority of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging and improving the North East Avenue of London Bridge, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That several Butchers, not only keep open Shops in the public Streets, within the said City and Liberties thereof, but daily llaughtef their Cattle, to the great Annoyance of the neighbouring Inhabitants, and all Persons passing the said Streets; and that the said Practice is not only inconvenient, but detrimental to the Health of the Inhabitants of the said City; and alleging. That the Petitioners conceive, that the foie Exercise of the said Trades ought to be confined to the several public Markets; and representing to the House, That the Practice of driving live Cattle through the Streets of the said City, has of late Years become an intolerable Grievance to the Petitioners, and all other Persons passing the public Streets: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the fiaughtering of Cattle, except in Places appointed for that Purpose, and for confining the Exercise of the Trade of Butchers to the several Markets, and for regulating the driving of Cattle within the said City and Liberties, under such Provisions and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That by the present established Rule of Evidence no Freeman can be admitted as a Witness on the Part of the Corpo-

P p ration

London; Regulation

Butchers,

&c.

Corpontigns;

Ad mi nihility of

Evidence.

150 5° — 8° Feb 1762.

Dr, Barton to preach on the Fail Day,

ration of which he is a Member, in any Action that concerns the said Corporation; and alleging, That to remove this' Inconvenience, the Courts of Law admit Witnesses who have been free, but have been disfranchised in the Mayor’s Court by a fictitious Judgment, and the Witnesses are again admitted to their Freedom, after they have given Evidence; that this Method of obtaining Witnesses in every Cause, where the City is concerned, is attended with great Trouble and Expence to the City, and that it often happens, that the Witnesses necessary at the Trial refuie to be disfranchised, and consequently are set aside, as not being legal Evidence; and that the Interest of the Freeman, in an Action brought by the Corporation of which he is a Member, is so very trifling, that it cannot in the least influence his Evidence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for admitting Freemen of the City of London as competent Witnesses on Trials, in which the Corporation of the City is concerned, under such Regulations and Exceptions as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr, Barton, Warden of Merton College in Oxford, be desired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's, upon Friday

the 12th Day of March next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a general Fall: And that Mr. Cocks and Mr. Blackstone do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Meins, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; ....

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of th^said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun<£) 8* die Februarii \

Supply Bill; A Bill for appointing Commifiiatiers for putting in Land Tax. execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1761, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Anno 2* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Swanlmrne Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Szvanburne, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

«-«!» Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other omm Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Force* ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tucker took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tire Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning nextl resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Withmt to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Drainage. Freeholders, and others, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of the Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides the River between the City of Lincoln and the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, containing 100,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and bounded as follows; that is to say, by the High Grounds of Lincoln, Canwick, and -ingborough, from Lincoln, through and

thence by the Car Dyke from Wto Thorpe Tilney; and by the High Grounds ot Thorpe Tilney and the Car Dyke, from Tilney aforesaid, to Billittghay Skirts, by the High Grounds of Wallcott and aforesaid, Digby, Dorrington, Rujkington, Ewerby,

Howell, Heckington, Great Hale, and Hale; from

Billinghay aforesaid to Helpingham Fen, on the West; by the Common Fens of Helpingham, Bicker, and ton; and by the Southern Boundary of Holland Fen, from Helpingham Fen aforesaid, to Boston, on the South; by Hammond Beck, Boston, WestSibfey, and; from Boston aforesaid, to Stickney Bar Green, East; and by the High Grounds of Hagnaby, East , Revesby, Mareham, Tumby, and Coningsby; from Stickney Bar Breen aforesaid, to Tatterfball-bane, and the High Grounds of Tattershall, Kirkstead, Towery Moor, Wood Hall, Stickfwould, Horfington, Bucknall, Tupholm, Southrey,

Bardney, Stainfield, Barlings, Fifkerton,

Greetfell, and Monks; from Tattershall-bane aforesaid to Lincoln, on the North East and North; and from the River William to the High Grounds of Lincoln Common, by Sincil Dyke on the West: And also of several of the Lords of Manors, and Proprietors of Estates adjoining to the said Low Lands, and of the Mayor and Corporation of the said Borough of Bqfton, and of several

2 Geo. III.

8° Februarit.

*5*

veral Merchants and Inhabitants within the said Borough, and of several Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, and the Country adjacent to the said River, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

Horseback, cannot pals without great Danger; and are in many Parts very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leav$ may be given to bring m a Bill for the more effectually

laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, repairing and amending the said Roads.

as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, Table.

That the said Petition do lie upon the

Road.

in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of to

the Sea: And that Lord Brownl Bertie, Mr. Abraham

Hume, Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mitchell, and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hase’i

Name.

Sandro,

&c.

Road,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Freeholders Wmrhetoy 0 0 * of the Borough of in the County of South- &c*

9 atnpton; and of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgesses

0 0 0 the Borough of Andover, in the same County; and

0 0 0 * aff° of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, and others, residing near to, and usually travel-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ling the Roads therein after mentioned, whose Names draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House,

Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, in the the Navigation of the said River, from Brayford Meer, said County, over Worthy Cow Down, through

church North Litchfield, and Whiteway, to Newtown River, at the Extremity of the County of Southampton, on the Road towards Newbury, and also the High Road branching out of, and leading from, the first mentioned Road at Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, along the present High Road through Wherwe/l Town, to the present A Bill to enable John Hase, Esquire, and his Heirs Turnpike Road at Andover aforesaid; are, by the Nar-Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe, rownels and Steepness thereof, in several Places very in-was read a Second Time. convenient; and in other Parts so deep and founderous,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Amine that Travellers and Carriages cannot pals without great Wodehouse, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lane, Mr. Smith, Mr. Difficulty and Danger; and alleging, That the said

DowdeJ'well, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Townjkend, Roads cannot be effectually altered, widened, amended,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Popham, Sir George Savile, Mr. and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Buller, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Philipps, Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Mr. Hume, Mr. Ward, Mr. Morton, Mr. Glower, Mr. given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, and Hewett, Mr. Wedderbttrn, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wheatley, amending the said Roads, and keeping the same in good Mr. Thoroton, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Berkeley, Lord and sufficient Repair, by such Ways and Means, as to

the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas junior,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Montagu, Lord An ingrossed Bill, for repairing, widening, and alter- George Cavendish, Mr. Boone, Lord Frederick ing the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Mr. Robinson, Lord Midleton, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hil- Long, M Colonel Hozve, Mr. Mills, Lord derfione to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wet ley Rocks Robert Bertie, Mr. Penton, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. to Tean, in the said County of Stafford; was read the Hume, Lord Villiers, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Jen-Third Time. *dngs. Lord Brome, Mr. Hewett, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Townshend, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Knight, General be. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Townshend, Mr. Wheatley, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Deer-Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock ing, Lord Brownlowe Bertie, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Smithy, in the County of Chester-, and from Hiiderfione, Garlics, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham-, and all the to Draycott in the Moors-, and from Wet ley Rocks to Tean, Members who serve for the Counties of

Berks, Oxford, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

George Cavendish, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Brownlowe Bertie, Mr. Jennings, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Boone, Lord Grey, Mr. Webb, Colonel HoSir Matthew Lambe:

And they are ,to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

in the said County of Stafford,

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whrid|

it.

Rotd.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Manufacturers of the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, relict-

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Nottingham Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Streets< County of the Town of Nottingham, whole Names are

ing in or near the Roads and Places therein after men- thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and tioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting read; Setting forth. That the enlightening the Streets, forth, That the Road leading from the Market House in Lanes, and Railages, in the Night Time, within the Stourbridge, through the Lye, by the Heryes and Cradley, said Town, will be of great Utility, and tend to the along Pig Latte, Waterfall Lane, over Blackheath and Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the In-

by Causeway Green, to the Two Mile Stump Tollgate in habitants thereof, and of all others resorting thereto, the Turnpike Road leading to and near the Town of and which cannot be effectually provided for by the Birmingham aforesaid; and the Roads branching out of ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That the fame, from the Lye aforesaid to Pedmore, in the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening Turnpike Road leading to Bromsgrove, in the said County the said Town, in such Manner as to the House shall of Worcester; and to Holly Hall, in the Turnpike Road seem meet.

leading to Dudley, in the "laid County of Worcester; are Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

fe ruinous and deep that Carriages, or Passengers on fideratwnof a Committee; And that they do examine Vox,* 29. the

L3

152

8° Februarii.

A. 1762.

the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall ap- for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Sussex: And pear to them, to the House: they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

And it is referred to Colonel Howe, Mr. Montagu, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Gtey, Mr. Robinfou, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, relating to the improving of an Avenue of London Bridge, (which was West, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Heivett, presented to the House upon Friday last) might be again

Lord Villiers, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Howard, read.

Lord Midleton, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Deering, Mr. Mills, Mr. Craven, Mr. Penton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Knight, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Price, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fuller,

Doctor Hay, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hume, Mr.

Avenue

10

Londoa

Bridge

General Cornwallis, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Stanhope, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Banbury, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Sir Rogpr Newdigate, Mr. Lifter, Sir Edward ‘Turner, Mr. Upton, Lord Strange, Mr. De Grey, Sir Wyndham Knafthbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nottingham

Streets.

A Petition of those whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Petition is intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting Lamps to enlighten the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Town; and alleging, that if the same should be carried into an Act, it will be a heavy Burthen upon the Town in general, and upon the Manufacturers in particular: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee t® whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Gascoync, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Willy, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Lane, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Harris, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr - Rest, Mr. Cust, Wx. Alderman Harley, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Reckford. Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Byde, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Henuiker; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and Counties of Surrey,

Eft'ex, Kent, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

London; Regulation

Swtnfca

Inclosure.

Hill and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mead Brook, &c. Road.

re-

ef Wilts; and also from Pucklednirch aforesaid, to certain

Coal Mines in the said Parish: And the same was ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wyt

x.

ndham’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act statej. for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Witham Frary, Marston or Nunny, in the County of Somerset, devised and limited

by the Will of Sir William Wyndham, Baronet, deceased; fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be set- The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord tied to the same Uses, except as therein mentioned; Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London,

A m ______3 nr: — — . :._ r_r 1 ./tl li . j — — n. — _ 1^. niv^/L,

11

tt

a

fi

N

ir

t

C

it

d

: tl

*s

ti:

,1

lit

p;

w

pc

ft.

t»;

R

if:

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, relating to certain Butchers,4c. Inconveniences arising from the Practices of Butchers,

Colonel Berkeley presented to the House, according to and of Drivers of Cattle within the said City, (which

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosingTwo Pieces, or was presented to the House upon Friday last) might be Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands called the Town again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act Philipps, Mr Mr Sir Charles Mor daunt,

made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ward, Mr. intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, Proivfe, Mr Mr Mr. Whateley, Mr.

the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Staunton, Mr. Willy, Mr. Sharpe, Sir George Parishes of Pucklechurchand Mangotsfield, in the County Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr. Thoroton, Sir Thomas

of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County Stapleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Glover, Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Mr. Gift, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Lovett,

Mr. Honywood, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. byde, Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Be/l, Mr. Webb, Mr.

Henniker, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Morton-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Sussex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five ot tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

was tead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Thomond, Mr. Thynne, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

Lord Macduff, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr Mitchell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fane,

Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Houblon, Colonel Howe, Mr. Lovett, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lane, Mr. Glover-, and all the Members who serve

in Common Council assembled,' relating to the Testi mony of Freemen of the said City, in Suits concerning the Corporation, (which was presented to the- House upon Friday last) might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir

Charles

Freeiren’*

of

Corpoiaiiotit-

Evidcucc.

Twetd

Bridge

at

Colditream.

a Geo. III. 8° Feb153

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Lord Grey, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Glover, Mr. Hume, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Brude-

nell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Lane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whately, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Lutttel, Mr. Rohinfon,

the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. eoyne, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Grant, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Harris-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and Counties of Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Erjk'me reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Earl of Lauderdale, and the humble Petition of George Baillie, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of FaCl contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

By the Evidence of Robert Reid, Engineer, it appeared, that the Road from Carfrae Mill, through New-biggin, 7 her fane, and Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick, is much the nearest, and best Communication between Newcastle and Edinburgh; and that the present

Road from Newcastle to Edinburgh, through Berwick is almost impassable for Carriages, and absolutely so for Artillery; but that, in order to render the said first mentioned Road of Use to the Public, it is necessary to build a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near;

for, without such Bridge, it is impossible that the Road should produce a Toll sufficient even to keep the same in Repair.

And the said Mr. Reid, and Mr. Smeaton an Engineer, severally produced to your Committee Designs for the said intended Bridge, with Estimates of the Expence of perfecting the fame, which they had severally drawn, and computed, without any previous Communication with one another: and Mr. s Design amounted

to £.2500 and Mr. Reid’s to £.2583 1 od.

Then an Act passed in the 33d Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Deatiburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Cold-fir earn, was read.

And the said Mr. Reproduced to your Committee an Account of the whole Produce of the Tolls, from the 29th Day of September 1760, the Time of the Commencement of the Ad, to the 3d Day of January 1762, by which it appeared that the Tolls had produced £.283 ior. nd. and that the Money disbursed was 1,370 1 os. 8 d.so that there remained a Debt of £.1000 to certain Persons who had advanced the said Money on their own private Credit, besides a Debt of £.86 19J. 9 d.and, considering the necessary Expences of gathering the Toll, it would be Six Years before the Debt could be paid off, without producing any thing towards the Repair of the Road or building the said Bridge.

Then Mr. Reid produced to your Committee a particular Survey of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, together with an Estimate of the Expence of repairing the same; by which it appeared that the Sum of £.3140 14 s.6d. would be necessary to repair the said Road, which is 25 Miles in Length; exclusive of the Expence of building 17 small Bridges thereupon, of which Bridges he produced an estimate to the Committee, amounting to £.954 u. od.

James Pringle, Ei'quire, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Reid, as to the Road from Edinburgh to Morpeth, by

VOL. 29.

Coldstream, being much hearer, and more convenient, than the Road through Berwick; which was likewise confirmed by l'everal Members present at your Committee.

It appeared by the Evidence of Colonel Caulfield, Inspector of the Roads in Scotland, that the present Road by Berwick is very difficult to be passed for Troops and Carriages; and that feme Part of it, particularly from Berwick to Bellford, and at a Place called the he thinks almost impassable for heavy Carriages, or Artillery; and that it would require a very large Sum of Money to put it in tolerable Repair.

Major Roy, Engineer and Deputy Quarter-master General, said. That the Hill called the Pees, on the Berwick Road, is one of the worst Pafles for Artillery that he ever saw.

Major Stewart laid, He had often made out the Routs for T/roops from England to Scotland; and that he always understood that the drawing Artillery by the Pass of the Pm, was almost impracticable; and that One Day’s March in Six is laved when the Troops can march by Coldstream.

And all the Witnesses concurred, I hat the completing the Road by Coldstream, and building a Bridge there over the Tweed, would be of great public Utility, particularly in the March of Troops, and the Carriage of Artillery; which was confirmed by several Members present.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, be now read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year 1760, on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills. Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the ReClor and Scholars of Exeter College, in Oxford, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard.

And the Counsel for the said Bill was also heard and examined a Witness in Support of the Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to with-d aw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made. That the Bill be committed;

The House Was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 6th and 24th Days of February, in the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Grounds, called Norham Infields, and the Common or Waste called Norham Moot, within the Township of Norham, in the County of Durham, might be read.

Q q And

Merton

Inslofur*.

Supply Bill Sinking Fund,

Merton

Inclosure.

154 8° — Q 0 Februm 1762.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, be committed,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Te.lersf,r,heNo«.|^«"^ )50.

So it passed in the Negative.

Marin* The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

orcci. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followed);

Toprovethe Allegations of the said Petition, Carptain Goddard informed your Committee, 'That great Part of the Road between A/ffr/ftonwg/rand / particularly

between Marlborough and Evcis very bad; and that

the same cannot be effectual! j amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That it be an Iniiruction to the Committee, t.o whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End, or Side, of the Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of *S in

the said County, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill lbr amending and widening the Road from the said Tow n of to the Village of Ever lei/, in the Road leading towards

Salisbury. i

1

0

Ob

B*

i»l

A

In

U

1

p1

it

if'

E

Militia

Laws.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 90 dieFebruarii;

Anno 2.0 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1762.

A Petition of the most noble William Duke of Devon- Barrowby Jhive, Lord of the Manor of Burroicbu, in the Coinin' of inclosaic. Lincoln, and a Proprietor of a contiderable Part of the Arable Lands, Meadow and Paliure Grounds, in the Open and, Common Fields of Banvivby aforesaid; and of James Menfeathy Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Pari fh Church of Barrozcbij; Sir John Thorold, Baronet,

James Hurjt, Robert Kvlham, Mark Jenkinson, JehnLunn% Catherine Mor is, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lauds there, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitionersvin the said Fields, 1 ie intermixed and dispersed; and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging. That it would be for the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Fields, to have a general Inclosure, Division, and Allotment made thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Dividing and Inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and allotting the same to and Amongst the Proprietors thereof, in l’uch Manner as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. 7 /

roton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prayers. A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of

the Parish of//ac/i7iei/, and Parts adjacent, in the County Bolton A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from a of , was presented to the House, and read;

in the lT certain Place, near Bo!/on in the Moores, to Ix/gli, Setting forth. That the said Par ilh, and several Parts Roald* find thence to the Guide Post near Golborne Dale, and to adjacent, are not at present sufficiently funplied with the South End of Newton Bridge; and from the said fresh and wholesomeWater; And alleging, That thelur-Guide Post to Winwick; and from Aciv/on, by Parrnifliing thereof would be great Convenience to the Peti-

/SfocA’jgto the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine tioners, as well as great Ad« ntage in same of Fires; of Lancaster; was read a Second Time. and that the Petitioners are informed, that several Gen-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttle- tlemen are willing to undertake the Furnishing a fufii-worth, NLr. Kynuston, Mr. If ebb, Mr. Fuller, Sir CharlescientQuantity of Water, at a reasonable Expence: And Mordatmt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Medlycott, therefore praying. That the said Undertakers may be Sir William Baker, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ba- fumished with such Powers for that Purpose, as to the got, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Honyzvood, Mr. Craven, Mr. House shall feemmeet.

Burrell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Price, Sir William Meredith, A Petition of several Adventurers and Undertakers,

Mr. Smith, Colonel Brudenell, Mr. Montagu, Lord whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also pre-Strange, Mr. Hume, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Townshend, fented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Pe-

Atr.G/or<?r, AIr. Alderman J/ar/rt/, Mr. Cufl,'S\r.ProivJ'e, titioners are willing, at their own Expence, to under- Mr. Willy, Mr. Pater foil, Mr. Forrcjicr, Air Staunton, take the Furnishing a fuflicienf Quantity of good and Air. Sharpe; and all the Alembers who serve for the wholesome Water, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Counties of York, Lancaster, CInfer, Derby, and Sluf- said Parish and Parts adjacent, which may be brought ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of from that Part of the River Lea near the New Bridge, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber called I.ea Bridge, which lies in the said Parish of Hack-

ney, without any Detriment to the Navigation of the Marlborough Colonel Brudenell reported from the Committee, to said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate the Peti-6 wind oil of Marlborough, and other Places in the County of Witioners, and others, the Adventurers; and for granting was referred; That the Committee had examined the them thenecessary Powers for effecting the said Under-Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re- taking, port the fame, a* it appeared to them, to the House;

Ordered,

Hackney

Water-

works

A

- -o

hi

0

hi

h

G-

1 Geo. III.

f Februarii.

155

in

7

r*

k

Ordered, That the fai<l Petitions be referred to the to the great Western Road, between Thorne, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- leading from the down of Bland ford

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in the County of ZA;//?7, to the Citvof New S a rum,

shall appear to them, to the House: in the County of was to be made a separate and

And they are referred to Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, ditiinft Division, with Power to erect a Gate on the said Lord Can/sf/rt, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Meredith, additional Hoad between the great West-

Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Griffin, Mr./ Sir

Matthew Lambe, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Craven, Mr. Price,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Mr.

Bavkes, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Doicde/kell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Core, Mr. HSir Mr. Sewell, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Banbury, M r. Webb, Mr.

Mazcbey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Mr. Upton, Lord Strange, Mr. De Grey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, Bucks, and Berks: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the CIock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I - yik A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, fcc. and Inhabitants of the Counties of Southampton and

Kwf redding near, and usually travelling on, the high Roads thereinafter mentioned, lying in the Counties aforesaid, whole Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at in

the County of Southampton, through Shoddefdon and plejhaw, in the same County, and through East Everly, West Everly, and Uphaven, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at Lydcioay, in the Parish of Urjhfont, in the said County of Wilts, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Repairing, Amending, Widening, or Altering the said Roads; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House llta.Il seem meet, i Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

! Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House.

I And it is referred to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Jen-

i nings, Mr. Olmius, Mr. BMr. West, Mr. Harris,

Sir William Meredith, Mi-, Smith, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

( Mr. Leigh, Mr. Medljcott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Webb; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Berks, and Surrey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

W^,c.Gi"’ A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free-

kuad. holders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and of several Trustees for carrying the Act thereinafter mentioned into Execution, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; Taking Notice of the Act passed in the Year 1759, for repairing and widening the Road from Ox-doion Gale, in PophamLane, to the City of and from the said City, through Hurjley, to ford; and from IfurJIcij aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey; and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset;

and Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed for executing the said Act have found, that the carrying the Roads, as ordered in the Fourth Division of the said Act, from Ringwood to Longham Bridge and Winborne 3/fe//traforesaid, by Palmers Ford, cannot be done with-

out greatDiflicultyar.d Expence; and that a much nearer way may be made, by or near Leonard, to the said Longham Bridge and Waforesaid; and also reciting, That, by the said Act, another additional Road from Woolsbridge, to be carried through Horton Vot. 29.

ern Road atWelaid: and alleging, That, if the intermediate Road lying between Ringwood Gate, and bridge aforesaid, was to be repaired out of the Monies arising from the several Gates at Ringwood,

mon, and Longham Bridge, as contained in the former Act, it would be lor the public Convenience; and Setting forth. That the several Roads through the l’ari(lies of Ringwood, Cranborne, Horton, Statu /bridge,

Saints, Middle Gu ffage, Moor Grid, ell, Long Cricked to the said Turnpike Road near Cq/h m are very had

and narrow, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Rendering more effectual the said Act, and for the Repairing and Amending the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall l’ecni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. Sturt, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bnidenell, Mr: Webb, Mr. A'ynafton. Lord Dungarvoii, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Whitworth,

Sir William Codrington, Mr Popham, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Holborne, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Griffin Mr. Shafto, Mr Olmius. Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Sir John ElwillMr. Mr.

Vanjittart, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Sir

Gerrard Napier, Mr. Burrell, Sir jEt Hawke, Mr. ’

Townshend, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr.

Woodley, Mr. Clive, Colonel Montgomery; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, ampton, Wilts, Devon, and SomerJ'et.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Francis Earl Quormton of Huntingdon, Hugo Meyneil, Edioard Farnhum, Ef- Inclosur# quires, Thomas Chupninn, and of the other Persons whose Names are thereun to subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, within the Lord-ftiip of ftluorndon, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Lordship, there are several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable of little Improvement; and alleging. That, if the same were divided and inclosed, and speeific Parts thereof allot ted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be a great Advantage to them, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in l’uch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Olmius do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Torocester, with Towcester, the Hamlets of H ood Burcott, and Culdecote, in the Pa- . rish of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, and of "C ° Wre* the several Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and EstatesintheOpen and Common Fields of Wood Burcott, and Caldecoteaforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

read;

BHhopfton Tide Mills.

!56

9° Februa.

A, 1762

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners’ Estates and Properties in the said Fields lie intermixed anddifperfed, and are incapable of Improvement, in their present Situation; and alleging, That it would he of great Adian-tage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the said Fields if the same were inclosed and divided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of To:ocester, with Wood Bur colt, and -

cote aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant. to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Meredith and the Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, and of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, Farmers, and Tradesmen, in and near the Towns and Ports of Lexces and Seaford, and the Parishes of Bishopjion and Newhaven, in the County of /whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

Wolffc’i

Mat.

Pelham and Mr. Butler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill, for Naturalizing Paul Metivier, Mem-in*, was read the Third Time. Nat.

ReJ'olvThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Paul Metivier.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitioorthdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ah ingossed Bill for Naturalizing Jacob Wolfe, Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolfe, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for Naturalizing Jacob Wolfe, Ei'quire, commonly called Baron Wolfe.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, for Naturalizing James Reminder, Rrpinder'i was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing James Repinder.

Orcfem/, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Agent for the Petitioners produced a Lease granted to be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and them by the Lord of the Manor of Bishopjion, for the for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-Term of 500 Years, commencing at Lady Day 1761; ters-

jal

I*

h

Ik

0

0

T!

Army; Mutiny and Desertiojw

y,

whereby it appeared, that they are possessed of a Piece of Saltmarlh, or Waste Ground, covered with Water at t he Time of High Tides, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishopjion, described as in the Lease is mentioned: and also to the L'fe of the Water flowing and reflowing over the said Ground; and the Liberty of erecting Mills for grinding Corn and Grain, and of making other Works, under such Provisions and Restrictions as are therein mentioned: And,

Lancelot Harr if on, Esquire, William Michell, Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Swaine, being severally examined, informed your Committee, That there is a Creek or Channel of Water passing through the said Salt Marsh, which extends from a Dock, Wharf, and Warehouse erected at the East End of the said Marsh, about a Mile from Seaford, to the West Part of the same Ground; which Creek or Channel is navigable for Boats or Barges, at Spring Tides only:

That the Country adjoining to the said Creek or Channel abounds withCorn and Grain; and the erecting such Mills will facilitate the Sale of the Produce of the Lands, and render the Navigation of the said Channel more practicable, and will be of great Advantage to the Country, and to the Public in general

Ordered, That Mr. Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tucker, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee hadmadeto the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House, being informed that Mr. Home, (from the Commissioners of Greenwich H o fp i tal, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Der-

Marine

Forces.

Greenwich

Hhospital

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 1 veEstate, between the lit December 1760 and

authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills, for grinding Com and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel in the Manor and Parish of Bishopjion, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr.

the 30th November 1761; and of their Proceedings in the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

In

Googh

a Geo. III.

9° FehruariL

*57

9th February, 1762.

In Obedience to the Directions ofan Act of Parliament passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders oijamts jateEarl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe; —

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agre* with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substantia] Manner, on theeafiefl and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, respectively; —

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly Report as followeth;

Sr -

‘ I

ii

1-

V

I,

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the lit of 1760 and the 30th

November 1761, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, viz.

On Account of the annual Rents. On Account of the Lead Mines

As to their Proceedings in the Building,.

The Keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Roads, Drains, Pipes, Brewing Vessels, and other Works, for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the ill December 1760 and the30th November 1761,00 Account of Repairs -

8,184 14

2>315 5 5«

10,500 o o

£. & rf.

1,784 17

1,642 14

By Order of the Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

I. Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Committeebe iltFish appointed to examine and consider the Laws now. in ferteu force, relating to the Buying and Selling of Fish, and by what Means the City of London and Westmin may be better and cheaper supplied with Fish, and report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed’of Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Mtdltfon, Mr. Kynafi ton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Prnvfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Town-' Jbend, M r. Dtdaval, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Edicortt

Hawke, Mr. Bunbury, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Whateley, Mr. Bagot, Sir Edtward Wmnington, Mr.

Hcteett, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Clive, Mr. Popham, Sir Robert Long, MY. Mr. Dowdef-

rveil, Mr. Sewell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Lord! Carysfort, Mr. Grerj, Lord Macduff1, Sir William Mere* dilli; andaW the Members who serve for the City o f/-»«-dim, and Counties of 3fiddle/er and Surrey , and foraH the Maritime Counties; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber-, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford'and Mr. Lane-:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jt’ forraifing by Annuities, in Manner therei anient ion ed, cminSom the Sum of Twelve Millions, tobecharged>onliieSmk-hAinumei. ing Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors; and also, tire Monies arising' from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Vpt. 29.

Act of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navy for enabling His Majesty toraifea certain Sum of Mb- Debt,

ney, towards paying oil' and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1762, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties *n for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties Windows, upon Windows, or Lights, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hearing A (h burton of the Matter of the Petition of Laurence Sulivan, Ef- ®le&lon* quire, and also, of the Petition of the Freeholders of the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Freeholders having Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; be now read.

And- the said Older heing read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitionsbehear^ at the Bar of this House, upon this Day sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter Haflemer* o.f’the Petition'of Richard Minim an and Thomas Parker,

Eftjuircs, gomplaining ofan undue Election and Return for the Borough of H’ajkmere,.in the County at Surrey.

And the ConnfeI were called in.

And the said Petition was read'.

And the lait Determination of the House, made upon the 20th Day of May, 1661,concerning the Right of . electing Bu rgefles to serve i n Parliament for the Borough oflfajlemere in the Countvqf Surrey, (whereby it was re-

ll r solved.

>s*

9* — 10* Februarii.

A. i

fblved, that the Inhabitant freeholders there, have only Voice irt Elections) and also the Resolution of the House, of the 24th Ffay of April 1755, that by the Word "Free-

holders" in the said last Determination, is meant only Freeholders of Messuages, Lands-, or Tenements, lying within the Borough and Manor of -, whether

the same pay Rent to the Lord of the said Borough and

And it is referred to Sir Wy

ham, Sir William Maynard, Sir Mr.

Bade, Mr. Gore,; Mr. Kynafon, Sir ’Verge Mr.

Plumptre, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Sir.// , Sir Gt’erre

goinerit Me/kam-, Mr. Harm:. Mr. Wynne, Mr. Toil ':- Jhend, Lord John Cavendijk, Mr. ‘Smith, Mr. Mr.

Rigby, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr.

Manof, Or not, exclusive of any Lands or Tenements Mr. tiercelt, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Boynton, Mr. L/if-which are, or have been, Parcel of the Waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, or any Messuages or Buildings which are, or shall be, {landing, or being thereon; \vere read.

And the {landing Order of the House, made the 16th X)ay of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque

cedes, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr.

Colonel lloue, Kir. Bootle, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ruder, Mr. Grant, Mr. Mills, Lord Mr. Harris,

Mr. Cooke-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and and for the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, 4t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend ibr Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according

Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the House of Commons, was also read. in Repair, the Road front at the End of

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard. the Town of 11 ink to End: and

And the original Poll taken at the last Election of from or near the Guide Post at Town’s End,

Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough in the County of to the Eighty MileStone in

Hlnktey,

through

Burgage,

Road.

being produced;

The Total Numbers of the Voters were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and . examined several Witnesses, is to the Conduct of the Bailiff of the said Borough, previous to the said Election.

Wolford Field, in the County of Northampton: the same was received; and read the First Time. Rrfolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'lime.

Aud

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving the Duke of

They also examined l’everal Witnesses, and produced Report from the Committee, to whom the Billto enable

Evidence, in order to requalify the Votes of several Performs who voted for the Petitioners, but were afterwards disallowed by the Returning Officer.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. -

Te.tefor.heY

»r 11 c .1 xt {The Lord Midle ton. 7 Tellers for IheNoes. FnM. Moatagu\

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

71*

33-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Fivtrfham,

tcc. Road.

the Mod noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of cqfier, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the ft ones, in the Township of Holton, in the County of Chester, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next to proceed upon the said Report,

after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of

Liverpool, in Common Council assembled; and also of several Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Ships ami Vessels, trading toand from the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town,

whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed; waspresented to the House, and read; Reciting, That by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of t lie Reign of Queen Anne, for making a convenient Dock Bason at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships

Navigation

at

Longford

Bridge*

at

0

0

);?

fff

fci

b*

ft?:

fc

fa

Jf

fa

it

A»

\a

iyt

1',-t

p

h

V,'

Hr

tty

0,

C;i)

f-

yi

l\

F

T

1

‘ I

Ditto.

Liverpool,

Harboir.

Mercuriiy 10° die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, or

principal Inhabitants, Farmers, and Tradesmen of trading to and from the fair! Port of Liverpool, several Afford, in the County of Kent; and also of the Gentle- Powers were granted to the Corporation, and certain Du-mcn, Clergy, Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Farmers, tieslaiduponSUippingtrading tothe said Port, to be ap-livingin, near, and usually travelling, the Roads therein plied for the Purposes expressed in the said Act; which after mentioned, whose Handsarethereunto subscribed; Duties, except One Fourth Part thereof, which is to was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, continue as longas the Bafonand Works {halJexist, were That the Road leading out of the great Post Road near to have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years; Faverfiam, in the said County, through Afford, to and that by an Act passed in the Third Year of King llythe, in the same County: and also the Road leading George the First, the said Temporary Dutiesand Powers from the Market Place in the said Town of Afford, to were continued for the further Term of Fourteen Years; Kemp's Comer, in the Parish of Boughton Aluph; and and that by another Act of the Eleventh Year of King from thence through Godmerfiam and Chilham, in the George the Second, the said Temporary Duties were fur-said County, to the City of Canterbury sare ruinous ther continued, from the Expiration of the Term grant-in several Parts, narrow, and cannot be amended and edby the said last mentioned Act, for the further lerm widened by the present Means provided by Law: And of Thirty-one Years; and several Powers were granted therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring to the said Corporation for enlarging their Wet Dock,

in a Bill for amending and widening the said Roads, by such Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnfuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hous

and erecting a Pier in the said Harbour, all which le-veral Works, the Petitioners allege, have been performed, pursuant to the Intention of the said several Acts, and have greatly’ tended to the Advancement of Trade, and the Security of Shipping; and representing to the House, That the Trade of the said Town is 01 late

Year*

'£ -r?

i Geo. Ill

to'

,7m.

*5$

Years greatly increased, and that it is necessaryto erect , That the said Petition be referred to the

a new Wet Dock, with proper Piers, and other Works; Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

and that the Navigation into the said Harbour is very mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

dangerous, byreasonof the many stuffing Sands that shall appear to them, to the House:

lie off the Entrance; and that if Light-houses were And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Sir John

erected, or Lights put up in proper Places, and a fuf- lipps, Sir William , Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore,

ficient Fimd el'tablished for the Support of such Light- Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Rigbif, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, t

houses or Lights, it would greatly tend to the Preserva- Mr. Smith, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

tion of the Lives and Properties of all Persons trading Mr. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Ilnme, Lord

by Sea to the said Town and Port; and that many Ob- Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Mr.

strufrions to Navigation have been erected in the River Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Dashxcood, Mr.

Mersey, within the Limits of the said Port, for Preserving or recovering Lands for catching Fish, or oil other Pretences, which rendertheNavigation dangerous, and tend to destroy the Fishery; which Obstructions the Laws in being are insufficient to prevent or remove:

Byde, Mr. Watjh, Mr. Houblon, Sir Eduard Hawke, Mr. Fonereau, General IFhitmore, Mr. Thomlinfon, Sir

James Dq/hxvood, Mr. Lane, Mr. Linivood, Admiral Cotes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ' of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, '

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to Westmoreland, Lancaster, and: And they are

bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the by the Three several Acts of Parliament aforesaid, and Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to foncf for Per5 for erecting and maintaining Light-houses, or other proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the greater Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the said River Mersey, and the Port and Harbour of Liverpool, under such Rules and Regula-

fons. Papers, and Records:

A

tions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Petition of the Cdmpany of Proprietors of the ^u|i Navigation of the River Dun, iiuder their Common Navigation; Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting several Prdvisions in Three several Acts, made in the 12th and 13th Years of the Reign of King George the

w

Iti

1!

M

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- First, and in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Ellis Mr. Fuller, Sir

George Savile, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vane, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of ‘ York; and alleging, That in or about the Year 1751, the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said several Acts, at great Expence, finished and completed the said Navigation up to Tinflef/; and that the only Work eroded, and

d

rx

Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Byde, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. in being, upon Holm gait, at the Time of making the Hume, Lord Grey, Mr. Montague, Sir Charles Kemyssaid Adof theiath Year ofKing5VergetheFirfl, andiintil

Tyn/e, Mr. Mills,l ord Tilchfield, Mr . llenniker, Mr. thefinifliing of the said Navigation up to Tinjlcy, was an

Egerton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Whitmore, M r. Nefbit, Mr. ancient Slitting Mill; and the Petitioners foiindthat the Cocks, Mr. Pye, Lord Jo/agCavendish, Mr. Honyiooood, Water of the said Riverwassufficientto serve tJifeUfesof

Yovd George Cavendish, Mr. Ilarbord, Mr Delaval, Mr. the said SlittiugMill, and the Navigationalfo; butabdut

Molyneux, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Staunton, Admiral Pocock, Three Years fines the Earl of or hisLefiees,

Mr. Philip Carteret Webb, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sharpe, eroded upon Holmgoif anew Slitting Mill, a RollingMill,

Mr.Shifner, M v.Keppel, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wynd- or Tin Mill, instead of the ancient Slitting Mill, and ham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of much greater Power; and have further erected on of Lancaster, Chester, York, Northumberland, Cumber- the said Goit a Blast Furnace, for melting down Ircirt land, Westmoreland, and Durham; and for the Principa- from the Stone or Ore, and also a Grinding Wheel, or lit y o {Wales:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Engine for grinding of Iron Wares; and at the fame

Time made a navigable Cut from the Tail of the said Works into the Petitioners Cut at Ickles Dam: so that although the Use of the Works In dry Seasons prevented Water from running over Dam into Ickles

Dam; yet after such Water had served the said Works, the same by running down the said new navigable Cut or Goit kept up Ickles Dam to a Height that was continually

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; andall who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

lotlwhim A Petition of the Trustees nominated in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Ilartcliffe Hill, in fit for Navigation; and the Petitioners found no Incon-the Parish of Penijton, in the County of York-, and of venience from the Enlarging and Multiplying the Works the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Trades- on Holmgoit for the Space of One Year, or thereabouts Inen, and Inhabitants, living and residing in the several after the same were begun ;but that afterwards tliel.efiees. Towns and Places adjoining, or near to, the said Road, or Owners of the said Works at Holms^ ended Flood, and travelling in, and using the fame, whose Names re- Gates upon the before mentioned new navigable Cut or j spectively are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the Goit, and kept the same continually closed during the

House, and read; Setting forth, That by the said Act Summer Season, except when they had Occasion to 11a-several Tollsand Powers.were granted for repairing the vigate up Or down the same t.o or from the said Works, Road from Doncajln- to Salter's Brook-, and also separate which prevented the Water running down the said Cut and distinct Tolls for repairing the Road (romRotherham Into Ickles Dam, and diverted the Current of the Stream to Hartcliffe Hill.; and alleging. That the Trustees ap- down the old Tail Goit into Rotherham Dam; so that in

.pointed for repairing the said Road from Rotherham to the dry Seasons of the Year, for about Four Months or Hartcliffe Hill, have taken up at Interest the Sum of Upwards, during the Two last Summers, the Naviga-. 1000, which Hill remains due; and that although the tion of the said River, from Rotherham Dam to Jonlan

Dam, has been almost continually obstructed, to the great Loss and Damage of the Petitioners, and to

loney so borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Road, yet it cannot beefteduall v repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be renewed and enlarged, and the Tolls augmented: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and

Damage

Hinderance and Di fad vantage of Trade; and that the Petitioners areadvifrd, that they caiinotdraw Water in: dry Seasons through their Lock at Dam, to keep

tip Dam to a sufficient Height of Water, without Injury to the said Works at unless the said Works

Powers, granted by the said former Act, so far as the are Handing stilt; nor can they lawfully open the said same relate to the said Road from Rotherham to Hart- Flood Gates without being liable to Actions or Suits, disfe Hill as aforesaid. nor any ways obtain the U 1'e and Benefit of the said

Vol. 29. Water

Sptrrows

Herne,

c*

Road.

i o® Fehrmm. 1762.

Water into Idles Dam, without the AssistftHfce of- Parliament: And 4 erefore praying, That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill for the Improving, Perfecting, Iaintaining, and Preserving the said Navigation from Rotherham into Jordan Dam, by such Ways and, Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred-to Sir George , Mr. Plnmptre, Mr. G ore, M r. Hume, M r. L M r. Sewell, Sir

Cunlif/'c, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Mr. Iffidderburn, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Si r Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harvey, Mr , Utoton, Mr. Rice, M r. WUltra ham, Mr. M

Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Maynard, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Thoro/on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Houblon, Lord Strange, Mr. Smith, Mr. Webb, Mr. Moreton, Sir Charles Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bootle, Sir John Wynne, Mr. T0101ijhend, Colonel Berkeley, Mr.

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bagott, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hony-Wood, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fane, Lord Mr.

let), Mr. Wynne, Mr. ForrejMr. Lowndes, Mr. Sharpe, Sir William Bakei', Mr. Buller, Mr. Craven, Mr. Bull, Lord Verney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Egee/on, Mr, Price, Mr. Pater-

fin, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pitt, lx>rd Clive, Mr. C

Mr. Lultrell, Sir Wyndham; ami

all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chan?her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Land Owners, and Inhabitants, refulingin and near the several Parishes and Vills of Watford, Abbots

Langlet), King’s Langley, H

Jted Saint Peter’s, North Church, and 7'ring, in the county of - Hertford; and also in and near AfionClinton, Weslon Turvile, and in the County of Bucks', was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road Herne,

through Bu/hey, to Watford, thro’ Part of the Parish of Abbots Langley, and thence to King’s Langley, likewise to and thro’ certain Places called Two Moor; and also through Berhhampjted Saint Peter's, and thence through North Church and , all in the County of Hertford-, and: from thence, through Part of the Parish of Buckland, through Ajlton Clinton, and Part

of the Parish of Wefion Turvile, to a Turnpike Gate at Walton, in the Parish near, and leading to, Aylesbury, all in the County of Bucks-,is become very ruinous, in

many places narrow, and in Time of Floods- are, in some Parts, impalfable: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, t\ideu-ing, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it js referred to Mr. Byde, Mr. Mills, Lord Grey, M r. PI umpire, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harvey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Forrester, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Beckfi>rd, Ml-.

Mr. Harley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. , Mr. On/:

cot/ue, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ol/nius*, Mr. Harris, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fob;//, Mr. Whatley, Mr. Prozv/c, Mr. Cit/f, Mr. Pa-ierson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Staunton* Mr. Bejl, Sir Wijutill am Knatchbull Wj/ndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties; of Hertford, Bucks, Middlesex, and Eff'cx: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Pe.tjtiofrof several Persons, whose Names are tab- Regulation feribed, Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Vessels, arid °j,

other Craft, belonging to and nfing the Port of

and Inhabitants and Occupiers of Wharfs, Yards, and Thieo. Premises adjoining to the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That tire Petitioners frequently sustain great Lodes and Mifcliit-ft, by the Persons navigatingthe Boats commonly called Bumb'

Boats, upon the said River; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Prohibition of the U fe of such Boats, or putting the Owner's, and Persons navigating the fame, under proper Regulations, will ten«^to the Security of the Properties of the Petitioners, and all others having any Trade or Business upon the said River: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House dial I seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Refutation which, upon the 16th Day of January 1761, in the last Session of Parliament, was reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other Craft, belonging to and uling the Port of don; and Inhabitants and Occupiers of Wharfs, Yards, and Premises adjoining to the River Thames, was referred; and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House: might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" llejblved, That many Thefts and Frauds are fir-

" questly committed by Persons navigating the Boats " commonly called Bumb-boats, upon the River Thames,

" and thereby great Lodes are sustained by Masters " and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and other Craft ."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are frequently committed by Persons navigating the Boats commonly called Bumb-boats, upon the River Thames: And that Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, and Sir William Beauchamp

Procter, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom Tee*

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bridge

and other Inhabitants of the Counties of and Dur- Stockton.

ham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was re-tarred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I louta; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the fiiid Petition,

Air. Robert Oakes being examined, said, That the ordinary Communication between upon Tyne,

Sunderland, Hartlepool, Stockton, and the City of Durham, and other Places on the North, and the Towns of Stoke/leu, Gain/borough,

and other Places on the South Side of the River Tees, is by the Ferry between Stockton rmd the opposite Shore, in Cleveland, in the County of York,.

That the Crofiing the said Perry with Carts and Carriages is attended with great Inconveniences; that it is sometimes impalfable, at the Time of high Tide; that the Land Floods and Freflies throw up Sand Banks, which render the Passage very dangerous, and frequently occasions great Delays; and that, if a Bridge was built across the said River, it would not only pre^nt such Inconveniences and Delays-, but greatly afliffc Agriculture, and promote Trade and Com -merce, and he of public Utility.

Mr. Joseph Clax ton confirmed the above Evidence; and added. That he law a Man drowned in attempting to pass the said Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Tees, at or near the Ferry in the Parish of*S?on4fo7i, in the County of Durham:

:5

r,‘:E

1

T

; vft

r.l

id-

l

r-r

V#

Ik

A

V

ns*

ft

rdi

ft

i*i

':.r‘0

llil

An

An

title

It

:k)

Of.;:

1

Ti

Ki!

k

Ai

M

‘A

V;

3

1;

!f

Gooool<

J

2 Geo. III. to" Februarii. i&i

ham: And that Mr. Vane and Sir George do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meflhgc from the Lords, by Mr. Bo/merand Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

ElnfloA The Lords have agreed to the Bilk intituled, An Act Iwlafcre.' forellablishing and confirmingcertain Articles of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Elvaston and 77 utlfton, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also, j,jt.o The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iwd oili(r>) for naturalizing Francis Falio, John Le

N:t. John Henry Catenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff, without

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Halifax Mr. Lafceltes reported from the Committee, to whom lia works. ||)e gj|j for flipply ing the Town with Water,

was Committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Jtoral AITent A Message from H i s \I aj efty, by S i r Sept im us Robinson, Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty,

« And being returned;

; i Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended

"a His Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several

; public and private Bills following; viz.

; An Act for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein

mentioned, the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and also the Monies arising from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying olf and discharging thte Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

An Act for charging certain Annuities, granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, on the Sink-ingFund; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and for makingforth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwisedestroyed i

An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, for the dividing and inclosing federal Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Elvaston and Thulston, in the County of Derby:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fjqtio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Hairy Peter Kuhff.

Halifax Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Water works. Committee, to whom the Bill for fiipplying the Town of Halifax with Water, was committed, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest

Vol. zg.

were agreed to, by the House: And feverakAmendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Haslemere further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Ele&ioai. Muilman and Thomas Parker, Esquires, complaining of ah undue Election and Return for the Borough mere, in the County of Surrey.

Aud the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to re-qua-lify the Votes of several Persons who voted for the Petitioners, but were afterwards disallowed by tire Returning Officer.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify One of the Persons who voted for the Sitting Members.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the Sitting Members.

And the said Counsel having proposed to disqualify Joseph Famdon, who voted for tire Sitting Members, as having voted for a Freehold not within the said Borough;

And having called Richard Bilin order to prove that the White liorj'e Inn, being the Freehold for which the said Joseph Famdon claimed to vote, is not within the Bounds of the Borough of Haf entere;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members objectsdtath© said Witness being examined in relation to that Matter, the said Wijtness being himself an Inhabitant Freeholder within the said Borough.

And the said Witness withdrew.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard in Answer to that Objection;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members were heafd by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that Part of the Report which, upon the aqth Day of April 1755, was made from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Richard BMinghurjt, being a Voter for the Borough of Haslemere, be admitted to give evidence that the said White Hotje Inn is not within the Bounds of the said Borough;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine Contradicente.

And the Counsel were called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the Sitting Members.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence; and alleged. That they had established the Votes of Twenty-eight Persons, who appear upon the Poll taken at the said Election to have voted for the Petitioners, and whole Votes were afterwards disallowed by the Returning Officer; and that they, the said Counsel; had also produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Eight Persons who voted for the Sitting Members.

And the said Counsel infilled, that (the Votes of the Twenty-eight Persons who voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were afterwards disallowed by the Returning Officer, being added to the Poll of the Petin tioners, and the Votes of the said Eight Persons, whom they the said Counsel had produced Evidence to disqualify, being deducted from the Poll of the Sitting Members) the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes.

S s Then

t6i

io9 — 11° Februarit. 17

Then the Cotmfel on loth Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

Then they were again directed to withdraw,

They were again called in.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the farther Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be. adjourned till Frida}/ Morning next,

The other Orders of the Day being Vead*

Mad and Resolved, That this House will* upon this Day Fort-Miichicvou* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad, and other mischievous Dogs.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confaler further of the Supply granted to I Iis Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-nd Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, li° die Februarii;

Anno z" Georgiilll"' Regis, 176a.

Prayers.

Hinckley to A Ration of the Trustees for repairing the Road be-Covemry jt\. tween Hinckley and , appointed by Two Road. several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 27th and 29th Years o-f the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of IINuneaton, and Bedworth, and of other Places lying near to the said Road; and allb the Magistrates and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry* was presented to the House, and read* Alleging, That the Petitioners, the said Trustees, have taken up, at Interest, £. 2,500 and upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls; which Sum hath been wholly expended, and divers other considerable Debts contracted, on account of the said Road, which ft ill continues in many Parts dangerous* and the Tolls already granted, and the Money borrowed, or which can be borrowed upon their Credit, will not raise a fufti-cient Fund to answer the purposes of the said Acts, uu-less some other Tolls, and further Powers, are granted for varying, explaining, and amending the said Acts, and making them more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid* or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House ftiali seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr.

Prowse, Mr. WedderburnMr. Mr. Mr.

Staunton, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Mr. Lee,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. well, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Byde, Mr. Craven, Mr. Knight, Sir 'l'homas mer, Mr. Thomlin/bh, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Price, Mr.

Sewell» Mf. Stanhope, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Mazvbci/i Mr. Smith;ami all t hf* Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, Derby, Northampton, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gen* tlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town whose

Names are thereunto subscribed 5 and allb the iVtitiou of those whose Names arc subscribed, 011 behalf of theru-selves, and many others, the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, were federally referred* That the Committee had examined the Mat* ter of the said first-mentioned Petition* (no Person appearing in Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and lie read the Report in his Place* and afterward!* delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same w as read* and is as followeth viz.

I11 Support of the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. mesFoxcrofl. being examined, said. That the Town of Nottingham is veiv populous, and that large

Manufactories are carried on there that the enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Pafthge.s, in the Night Time* within the said Town, will he of great Benefit to thelnha-bitantsthereof, and all Persons resorting the reto* but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

No Person appeared before your Committee in Support of the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Mr*

Heicett, Colonel Ilowe, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Francis Earl and Earl of War-

zokk, and Sir Edmond Thctnas Baronet, in behalf of themselves, and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Cadoxton

Zully, and Saint Andrews, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Lands and Grounds, being the Estates of the Petitioners and others respectively, littiute upon, or near, the Sea Coast, in the said Parishes, containing together about 430 Acres, and which, for Want of a sufficient Mound, Wall, or Fence from the Sea, are at every Spring Tide overflowed, and thereby greatly-damaged* and alleging, that Thomas Pozvlcs, of Bri/inl. Baker, hath proposed to the Petitioners and other Proi prietors, and is will ing to undertakeat his own Exper.cn, and the Expence of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, to recover and secure the said Lauds and Grounds from the Flux of the Sea, and to erect proper Mounds for that Purpose, whereby the yearly Income of the said Estates will be confident bly augmented, in case lie may have Leases thereof for a Term of Years, at a certain yearly Rent; but as some of the Owners of the said Lands, by reason of Infancy, or other Disability, cannot execute such Leases, the said Proposal and Undertaking cannot take effect without thcAid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for qualifying and enabling the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, to grant to the said Thomas Fozvles such Leases as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall Item proper and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, jmr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And That Mr, Jarrit Smith and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Per

Sirtttk

Cadoxtcm*

&c.

Drainage*

a Geo. III.

} i° Februarii.

A Petition of the several PeiTotiS Whose Name9 are fuantto the Prayer of (lie said Petition: Anri that Mr. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and IV/richcot, Mr. Mr. and Mr.

others, being Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers rick Montagu, do prepare, dud bring in, the fame, of Land in the several Marshes called IVa Hand MurJIu,

Romney Marsh, Guldeford Marsh, and Denge Marsh, . Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the WadeCm

in the Count v of Kents, and other Places thereto adjoin- Petition of the Trustees, appointed by Two several

ing, was presented to the Mouse, and read; taking No- Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of 0

tice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from for Leave to bring in a Bill for a Turnpike Road from Wai in the Count y of Hertford, to Barley and the White Poll on Hafleden's Wood, in the Parish of Royston; and of several other Gentlemen, Clergymen,

Cranbrook, in the County of Kent, through Milkhoujeand others; living near; and usually tratelling the said Street, Goldfor-dGreeUfTenlerdciiyandEbonystothoViift Road; was referred; That t lie Committee had examin-Tridge in the Road leading to Appledorein the said Coun- ed the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him tyofKent; andalleging, that a considerable Part of the to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

Tolls, to be collected by virtue of the said Bill, in case and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-the same shall pafsinto a Law, will be paid by the Own- livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was ers and Occupiers of Lands in the said Marshes; and read; and is as followeth;

that it will be of greater Advantage, if the said intended To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Road be extended from the said First Bridge in the Road said Acts were read: And,

leading to Appledore aforesaid, unto Appledore Heath, Mr. James Oliver, Surveyor of the said Road, being in the said Parish of Appledore:And therefore praying, examined, said, That, from the great Number of Broad That the said intendedTurnpike Road may, in case the Wheel Waggons travelling the said Road, and the great laid Bill shall pass into a Law, be extended from the Weights carried by them; the Road is become greatly said First Bridge in the Road leading to Appledore, to out of Repair; and cannot be put into good Repair, un-Appledore Heath aforesaid. less the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further

Ordered, That the said ^Petition be referred to the continued and enlarged.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Mr. being examined, said; That the

of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts amounts Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in to the Sum of £.6,500, and that the nett Income of the and near the Road leading from the White Poll oh a Tolls, after all Expencesare paid, is£.258 per Annum, certain Place called Hafelden's Wood, in the Parish of to repair the Road, which is Twenty-six Miles in Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent, to and through a Length; that the Tolls have continued to decrease for certain Street, called Milkhouse Street, in the said Parish many Years; and that the said Road cannot be re-of Cranbrooke, and from thence to and through a cer- paired unless the lolls are infcreased. tain Lane, called Chappel Lane, in the said Parish; and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

from thence to Golf ord Green, in the said Parish; and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several from thence to and through the Town of Tenterden, in Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his

the said County of Kent -, and from thence to the White late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads Hart m Reading Street^ in the Parish of Ebony, in the leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to said County of Kent; and from thence down a Lane Barley and Royston-, and for making the said Acts more called Brexchouse Lane, in the said Parish of Ebony, to effectual: And that Mr. Byde, Mr. Fuller, and Mr, the First Bridge in the Road leading to Applcdoi-e,in Houblon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the said County of Kent-, and also from the Bull Inn in

Milkhouse Street aforesaid, to the Market House in the A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Sudhurv t Town of Biddenden, In the said County; and from and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bury St. thence to Cajlleden’s Oak, in the said Parish of Bidden- Edmund's, and the Borough of Sudbury, in the County un

den-, and also from Goldford Green aforesaid, to Tanners of Suffolk, and of the several Towns and Places adjoin-Vent, in the Parish of Benenden, in the said County of ing, or lying near the Road between Saint Edmund's Kent-, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter Bury and Sudbury, through Shelf ord, was presented to of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road to them, to the House. leading from the North End of the Bridge called Bal-

lingdon Bridge, in Sudbim/, in the County of Suffolk, to frintnotw* A Petition of the Right Honourable France1Count - the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the same Iidoforc. efs Dowager of Scarborough-, the Right Honourable County, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be re-Richard Earl of Scarborough, Lord of the Manor, and paired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Patron of the Church of Wintringham, in the County Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave of Lincoln, and Proprietors of all the Open Fields of may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repair-Winlringhavt aforesaid, excepting the Glebe Lands being the said Road, by such Ways and Mean9 as to the longing to the Rector thereof; and the Reverend Mr. House shall seem meet.

Thomas Adam, the present Rector of the Church of Win- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

tringham aforesaid; was presented to the House, and Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do exa-

read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the said Propri- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

etors, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, shall appear to them, to the House:

and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Im- And it is referred to Mr. Holt, Mr. Buller, Sir Fran-

provement; and that the said Proprietors have lately cisPoole, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lafcelles, M Mr.

entered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and Cuff, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vunfit-

inclosing the said Fields, and for allotting specificShares tart, Mr, Smith, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Price, Mr. Grant,

to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Mr. Mr. De Grey, Mr. Montagu, Sir

Interests therein, and for the better and more effectual . Wodehoitfe, Mr. Mr Mr.

Payment of the Tythes to the said Refctor: And there- . Whichcot, Mr. Fuller, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Wynne, fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bill to confirm and establish the said Articles, and the folk, Norfolk, Essex, and Cambridge: And they are to Divisidns and Allotments to be made of the said Fields, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the and the better Payment of the said Tythes, in such Man- Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-ner as to the House shall seem meet. foils. Papers, and Records.

- --Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-

V®l. 29, Mr.-

1

fee.

Road.

\VtyhilI*

See.

Road.

!<$4

li° Februarii.

J. VJ Si.

m

Mr. Thontas Tmnjhend, junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgestes, and Freeliolders of the Borough of Whitchurch in the County of Southampton; and of the Bailiff, Approved Men, and Burgeflesof the Borough of Andover, in the same County; and also of the Teveral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, residing near to, and usually travelling, the Roads therein after-mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petit ion j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Leverfagebeing examined, said. That he knows

the Roads described in the Petition; that he has lately surveyed and measured them; and that the same are, in several Parts thereof, very narrow; and in other Parts so deep and founderous, that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that several of the Parishes, within which the said Roads lie, have been indicted upon account of the Badness thereof; that he does not doubt, that if the Act applied for passes into a Law, it will be very easy to borrow a sufficient Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, to repair the said Roads. — And being asked the Question, he said, That there is no Probability of Want of Labourers to walk upon the Roads.

Mr. Grove confirmed the aforesaid Evidence,

except in respect to the surveying and measuring the said Road.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Wine heft er, over Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Neiv-

town River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton: And

that Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. -her. Sir John Griffin Griffin, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, and Mr. Jennings, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of and Wilts, residing near, and usually travelling on the

High Roads therein after mentioned, lying in the Counties aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Leverfage, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Roads from the Turnpike at Weyhill, through Shoddefden and in the County of Southampton, and through East

Ever ley. West Ever ley, and Uphuven, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the Parish of Urjhfont, in the said County that the said

Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and inconvenient, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being; and that if the said Roads were sufficiently repaired, it would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, as it is the nearest Road from the Devizes to Winchester, and would open a Communication between Bristol and Portsmouth.

Mr. Paul N'ewman, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Leverfage.

And both the Witnesses, being cross-examined, said. That if all the other Roads in the several Parishes,

through which the said Road lies’, should he totally negi leoted, and the Statute Labour, and Six Pence in tiio Pound, applied to this Road only, they apprehend it coilld not be effectually repaired by that Means.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhitt, in the county of f Southampton, to the

Turnpike Road at I.vJe Wav, in the County of Witts:

And that Sir John Griffin Griffin, ?> l r. 7homos ffend, junior, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Jennings, the Earl of Tilntn/, and Sir John AjlLy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the supplying the Town of Halifax with Water, was read the Third Time. "’ater-wurk*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the supplying the Town of with Water.

Ordered, That Mr. I afettles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Salop, S'afford, and War-cester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ilonfe; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Walford, being examined, laid. That the Roads

leading from Kelf tl, in the County of Salop, to Whit-ton Crofts-, and from thence over Barnhill Green, Budge

Ileuth, by the Two New Inns, and to a Place called High Gate Barren, in t he County of Stafford-, is Part of the High Hoad leading from Chest or to Gloucester, Bath, and Bristol, and that the same are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to h’-ing in a Pill for repairing and widening the Road-; ! adin-.r born Keif all in the County of !< _/>; and from

thence over Bum'dr < j t New Inns, and t.» a pi in the County of V . /

Kynaston, Sir John Act-’ey, the Lord Grey, and Mr Doudefwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Kdfdf,

I! .7.

//' tt.-t, by tin1 Two

t r

u e c uiK'i iltgu (joUj Warren, \nd that Mr. Bagot, Mr.

r. Pelha?n presented to the Iloufo, according to

r, a Bill for authorizing and enabling john lizards, Tide-mtfJ*.

Mr.

Order,

William Woods, and John Chalien. Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mil! or Tide Mill*’, for grinding Corn and Grain, noon a Creek or Clmnnel in the Manor and Parish of Biffcyjl m, in the County of Sujffex: And the same was received \ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Leak, in the County of Stafford, to Con-gleton, in the County of CUefler; and also the Road leading from Hanging Bridge, near A/hborne, to the Turnpike Road from Uttxeter, to Sezcccjile under Lyne at Spat/c, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading through the Town of Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at Blyiti Marsh, in the said County of Stafford-, and also the Road leading by Blore, in the County of Stafford, over ColdivalL Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Rcjblvedf

Road.

J

A

n

It'1

sJ

:d

>A

» i

It

!’ e All S'VC U til

aH;

♦v

li^;

Tc

til.

M

H

h:

p

!n

wV

x

Hi

a

ii° Februariu

2 Geo. III.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis PMr. Bootle, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, Lord Mr.

Shufto, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Lord John

vendijk, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wil, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Willy, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pen-

nant, Mr. Ward-, and all the Members tvho serve Ibr the Counties of Derby, Chester, Stafford, Lekefler, and NorthamDton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lMlhborough

Road.

If-;,

I J,

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of L whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Watkinson, being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, have made great Progress in repairing the said Road; and for that Purpose have borrowed the Sum of 2,568, which dill remains unpaid.

That the said Act is defective, in regard to the enforcing the Performance of Statute Work, and in several other Particulars; and that it will beimpoffible tocom-plete the Repairs of the said Road, and pay off the Debt, unless the said Act be further continued, and made more effectual.

That the Road described in the Petition is very ruinous and dangerous, and in many Places narrow; and that it cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Mr. William Re/cA/erbeingexamined, confirmed Mr. Watkinson's Evidence in regard to the last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reignof his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester-, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at ColcortonChurch, over and through Worthington and Sutton Bonrington to Rempston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham: And that Sir Thomas Palmer and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chatod’i Mr. Linzcood presented to the House, according to Naf- Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jean Charnaud: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

vjh

Bn,i k A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Butleigh, in the County of Somerset, of the Vicar of the Parish Church of Butleigh aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Land in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish areTwo Common Arable Fields, called the East /'Ye/dand the West Field-, and that several of the Proprietors of Land in the said Fields have already, by Agreement amongst themselves, exchanged and inclosed some Partof their Properties therein; and alleging, tli&t the Petitioners apprehend it would be an Advantage to all the Parties interested in the said Fields, if the whoie were inclosed and divided Vot. 29.

amongst the several Proprietors, according to each Person’s Right in the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Protije and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare; and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen; Clergy, and Freehdlders Firiiertoit of the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto Bridge subscribed, refidingirtand near the severalPlaces through which the Highways thereafter mentioned do pass; and others frequently passing the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoy; and from Wilton Bridge to tile Turnpike Road at Heitesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish oi'Urfhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton < in the County of Wilts, whereby the Trustees to the said Act were empowered to borrow/.i 0,000 on the Credit thereof; and alleging, That the Three several Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, are very extensive; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the full Sum of £.10,000 will be necefl'arily employed and expended in repairing the said several Roads; and that the Tolls granted by the said Act will not alonebefiifticientto pay thelntereil thereof, and to keep the said Roads in Repair; and un-JeQs more than OneTolllliallbe granted on each of the ' said Two several Roads between Fisherton Bridge and Willoughby Hedge, and between Fisherton Bridge and Heitesbury, a sufficient Sum cannot be raised to repair the said Roads; and that by the said Act, the Tolls to be collected at Fisherton Gate are to be divided into Four equal Parts; One fourth Part whereof is to be applied in repairing the said Road from the Mile Stone near the Western End of Fisherton Street to the Top of Red Hone Hill; and the remaining Three fourth Parts thereof to the Repair of the whole of the other Roads, in Manner therein mentioned; and that intermediate Gates are intended to be set up between the Fisherton Gate and the several Gates intended to be set up at, or near and Willoughby Hedge respectively; and that the Tolls to be collected between Wilton Bridge and,

and between Wilton Bridge and Willoughby Hedge, are, by the said Act, applicable to the Repair of those Roads only; by Means whereof the Tolls at Fisherton Gate will be considerably lessened, unless such Part of the Tolls to be taken at such intermediate Gates lie applied for the same Purposes as the Tolls taken at ri/herton Gate are directed to be applied: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Proviso; and that the Petitioner* may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hairis of Christchurch, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Willy, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Montagu, Nlr. Glover, Mr. Parker, Mr. Duncombe, Mr;

Bunbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. HoublonMr. Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Price, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Byde, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Barr I,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Holt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Cujl, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Upton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr,

Child, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset,

Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham*

T t ber;

166

ii

Februarii.

A. 1762.

Knighton.

&c.

Road.

ber; and have Power to fend for PiJrfons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, residing in, and near to, the several Towns and Parishes of Knighton and Prejleign, in the County of Radnor, and Kington, in t he

are hunted of die fame, in and by the Will of the said William Claphamgforesaid, not already determined;

and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Comity of Hereford, was presented to the House, and for veiling a Piece or Pieces of Ground in Kensington,

read, Setting forth, That the several Roadsleading from the Market House, and el (ewhere from Knighton aforesaid, to Prejleignand Kington, and other Roads leading from the said Market House to Gaie, ami

from thence, by the Hand Poll, over the Hill, by Green, to Norton, and from thence to the said d own of Prejleign, and from the said Market House at Knigh-

ton, by the llofs Gate, to Whand from thence, by Evenjob, to Walton, and so to the Turnpike Road al

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewett., Sir George Savile, Mr.

Plumptre, Nlr.Witkinson, Mr. Rigby, Sir George Armi-lage, Mr. Brudeneil,' Mr. WhitMr. , Sir Francis

Dashwood, Mr. Byde, Mr. O, Mr. Holt, Mr. Laf-teiles, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Wilty, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Chelwynd,

Mr. Burt^lr. Vernon, Mr. Bridgman, Mr Woodley, blr. examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a*

Skrine’s

Eliates.

Butler, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Hottblon; and all the Members who serve for die Principality of Wales, and the Counties oif Hereford, Salop, Worcester, Gbucester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-ibns, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Shrine, of the Parish of Saint

it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr.

Mr. Mr. Byde, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. , Mr.

I.byd, Kir. Bankes, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Harris,. Mr. Grant, Mr. Parker, Mr. Whatley, Mr. Colonel Hotham, Mr. Mr. White, Mr. Stanley,

Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Parker, Mr. Tho-'

roton, Sir Matthew Larnbe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lafeelles; and all the Members George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Sabp, Stctf-F.squire, waspresented totheHouse, andread;Reciting, ford, and Hereford, and for the Principality of That, in pursuance to the Will of William Clapham, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the heretofore of Eltham, in the County of Kent, bearing Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to date the 6fh Day of July 1730, certain Premises, fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

consisting of Wharfs by the River, on the East Side of London Bridge, and old Houses, many Years ago converted into Warehouses, subject to a certain 'Perm of Years, for the Purpose therein mentioned, are become vetted in the Petitioner for Life, Remainder to his Issue in Tail, Remainder to his Siller Elizabeth Cray I for Life, Remainder to her Iffneiu Tail, Remainder in Fee to the Governors of the Royal Hospital at; and al-

leging, That neither die Petitioner.nor his said Sifter, hath any I fine; and tlvat, although very great Sums of Money have been laid out in supporting the said Premises, yet the same cannot be any longer supported, andmuft necessarily be rebuilt; and that the Petitioner, and the said Elizabeth Crayl, being unable to charge the said Premises with aSnm of Money sufficient to rebuild the fame, although it would tend to the Advantage of the Inheritance, and of the several Parties ihterested therein: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Wharfs, Warehouses, Ground, and Premises, in Trustees, to the end that they may take and pull down, and rebuild the fame, in a proper and effectual Manner; and to enable such Trustees to raise Money thereon sufficient for that Pun pose, and subject thereto to such Ufies hud Estates as

Phi Hi more’s Estate.

in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Lfiate of Robert Phillimore, Gentleman, iuTniftees, to be sold;

and for applying the Money a riling by such Sale in the Purchase of Lunds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now Hands settled; was read the Firi'r Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold-

ready leading from the Town of Kington aforesaid; and ers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,\vas presented from Knighton aforesaid to Skyborry, and to Weston, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road

both near to the same Town, and to Mearbrook, in the leading from the Town of C'leobun/ Mortimer, in the said County of Radnor; are, in many Places, very nar- County of Sabp, through the Wall Toiun, in the Parish row, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in of Neen Savage, by the Vicarage, in the Parish of

Repair, by the Laws now m being: And therefore let; and through the Parillies of Billingsley,

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for and by the Cross , to a Village called

repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Morvill; and from the said on the one Side,

Roads, in such Manner as to the House ftiallfeem meet, to Cleobury North, and, on the other Side, to the Liber-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ties of the Town of in the said Count}-;

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- and also from the said Town of Cleobury Mortimer, tnine the Matter tlwreof; and report the fame, as it through and Spirtrce Lane, in the Parish of Bur-

shall appear to them, to the House: ford, to the Turnpike Road, in the Road to

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Proufe, Sir in the county of ; are, in divers Parts.

Clcohurv

Moriiinfr,

Roads.

thereof, ruinous, and, iu many Places, narrow; nor can the same be repaired by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Chfflrr

Poor

And

Streets.

Mr. Wilbrah am Bootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for better regulating the Poor, main-tainingaNightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hail gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendnjents, iu at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Report was read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having A Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the -Declara- takes O ption, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Several

Vfj

iu-

y

Ut

igi

lie,

Ft

A

nil

Vo

Chestcf

Poor

and

Street*.

Privilege.

Militia

Law*.

Shenley

Brookend

lociofuie.

2 Geo. III. 1i° — -12° Februariu

Several of the Amendments made by the Committee veral Open and Common Fields, in the said Manor and to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, Parish, was presented to the House, and read, Setting upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to forth. That the Lands of the several Owners and Pro-by the House. prietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said in fniall Parcels, and are incapable of Improvement: Keport be adjourned till Saturday Morning next. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said The House being informed, that Thomas Haddock, Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Kinian Pinkney, who, in the Proceedings of the House as to the House 111 all seem meet, upon Thurjduy haft, was, by Mistake, called William Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Pinkney, and John Majkal, attended, according to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Order; , Mr. Wilkes, and Mr. Kynaston, do pre-

The said XinianPinkney w’as called in; and the Let- pare, and bring in, the fame, ter, signed with the Name of Xinian Pinkney, and the

Papers, and Letter therein inclol'ed (which were, upon A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Thursday last, delivered in at the Table) being shewn to Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Common, him, he confeft'ed that the Letter signed with his Name, able Places, in the Parish of Swanhurne, in the County and also the said Franks, were of his Haud Writing. of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

And then he was directed to withdraw. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Jour- Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Brudentil, Mr. Core, nal of the House of the i ith Day of February 1739, of Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis

the Proceedings of the House in relation to Cornelius Poole, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

i ypGillicuddymight be read. Bull, Mr. Isnctt, Mr. Lord Mr.

And the same being read accordingly; Hewett, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John

Resolved, Xemine Contradicente, Tlrdtthe said Xinian Mr. Buller, Sir Mr Sir Robert

Pinkney, having counterfeited the Hand Writing of a Long, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. and all the Mem-

Member of this House upon a Letter, and several Covers bers who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, for Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with and Hertford: And they fre to meet

the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House. Chamber.

Ordered,'L\rjit the said Xinian Pinkney be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaol of A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act Neiogate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Ma-acconlingly. jesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in

Then the said Thomas Haddock was called in; and the Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which Letter signed by him (and. upon Thursday last, delivered divides the Parishes of and

in at the Table) being shewn to him, he said, that the in the County of Gloucester, to Chri/lian Malford Bridge, said Letter, and the Direction thereon, wereof his Hand itv the- County of Writs-, and also, from Pucklechurch Writing; but he denied that he wrote the Frank; and aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; was said, that he lad it from one Peter Martin, who, he is read a Second Time.

informed, is gone to Sea. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert

And then he withdrew. Long, Mr. Mawbej, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu,

Lord Mr. Henry Fane, Sir John Philipps,

The other Order of the Day being read; Mr. ProwJ'e, Sir Mr. Northey, Mr.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Smith,

whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Thomas Fane, Lord amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the fe- Strange, Kir. Fuller, Lord Mr.

veral Lai vs now in being, relating to the raising and Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain Mr. Harris, Mr. Bayn/un-, and all the Mem-

called England. bers who serve for the Counties of,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he of Kingston upon and of the principal Inhabitants,

was directed by the Committee to move, that they and Traders, of the Town and County of Kingston upon mav have Leave to fit again. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- fented to the House, and read, Alleging, That the Pro-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole visions, in an Act of the 28th of his late Majesty, for House, to consider further of the said Bill. the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets in the said Town, and preventing Annoyances therein, have And then die House adjourned till Tomorrow proved inefferiual for the Purposes for which they were Morning, Nine of the Clock. intended; and that it is deemed necessary, that One or

more public Scavenger or Scavengers should be aj>-pointed for cleansing the said Streets; and that an annual Assessment should be laid for defray ing the Charges of cleansing and enlightening the Streets thereof; and that some Provision should be made for the better regulating the Carriages, made use of in the said Town, for carrying Goods and Merchandizes from one Part of the said Town to another; and farther alleging. That many Persons, to whom the Traders in the said To\Vn and

A Petition o I Matthew Knapp, F.squire, Lord of the County are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of

Manor of Shenley Brookend in the Parish of Shen-Money, frequently refuse to pay their just Debts; and 'lap in the County of Bucks, and Patron of the RtCtory that the establishing a Jurisdiction in the said Tow n and of Shenley aforesaid, Primatt Knapp, Rector of the said County for the Recovery of small Debts, in a Iels ex Rectory, the Reverend Robert Watson, Robert Emerson, pensive and more expeditious Manner, would not only and William Emerton, Owners arid Proprietors off©- Be of great Advantage to the said Traders, hut so the

VOL.29. '

Veneri$y 12*;

W

Anno 20 Georgii III1*' Regis, 176$. Prayers.

Swanburne

inclosure.

MeadB rcok, See. Road,

Kinjflon upon Hull Street.

iftvanfea

Inclosure.

Private

lufiness.

Severn T%xving Paths.

Chippenfcam

Road*.

12° Februarii.

A. 1762.

honest Poor in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Deficiencies of the said Act for the Purposes before-mentioned, and appointing One or more public Scaven* gcr or Scavengers, for cleansing the Streets of the said Town and Precincts thereof; and laying Assessments for defraying the Charges thereof; and of enlightening the said Streets , and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said Town and County; and other the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George M r- Bocwi. Mr. WilkinJimM rr

Smith.M r, Vane, M r Berkeley, Si Mr

Sir EduardWinnington, Mr. 77 Mr.

Sewell, Mr. L m elt, Mr. Bull, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Alderman Sir Francis

Facie, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Mr.

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Robert Jj>ng,

Mr. Bayntun, Sir Charles MordaunMr. Shi finer, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Fye, Mr. Lonmdes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ohnius, Lord Fa 11 mure, Sir Richard Glynn, Sir

Turner, Lord Carysfort, Lord Midleton; and all the Members who I’erve for the Counties of York, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, and -

caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do report their Opinion to the House, lipon that Part of the said Petition which relates to the Recovery of small Debts within the said Town and County.

A Bill for dividing and inclosingTwo Pieces or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Town Hill and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of -sea, in the County of Glamorgan, was read a Second Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Francis Poolet Mr. Heu tit, Sir Francis Da/hw Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Eger ton, M r. Nor they, Lord Villiers, M r. Prowjc, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Lord Mandeville, Mr. KynaJ-to?i. Sir Alexander Gilmour, M Lord,

Mr. Duller, Sir Robert Burkett, Mr. White, Lord Strange, Mr Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chauncy TownJ'end, Sir Roger Neicdigate, Mr. WiSir James Da/hwood, Mr. Upton, Lord JoknCavendish, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Armine Wodehouse; and

all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and for the Counties of Gloucefe Wilts, Southampton, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the HouseTo-morrow, That any private Business may lie entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock, it being the lall Day of receiving Petitions for private Bills.

Sir Edward Winnington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road or Passage on the Banks of the River Severn, between Worcester Bridge and Bewdley Bridge, for Horses, as well as Men, to draw and hale Vessels on the said River, making Recompence to the Landholders or Occupiers of Land on the Banks of the said River, between the said Bridges: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty, to continue and amend Two Acts, One made in the 13th Year of King George the First, and the other

in the 17th Year of his said late Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as relates to ti:~ Road between the said Bridge and Lancer Stanton, in the County of Wilts; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due; and have caul'ed the greatest Part of the said Roads to be amended and widened; but that, of late, they have been greatly in jured by Waggons and other Carriages; and alleging, that the Tolls now paid for fuel) Carriages, upon those Roads, are by no Means a sufficient Recompeuce for the Damage they do to the Roads; and that, without an IncreafeofToll upon such Carriages, it will not be in the Power of the Petitioners to keep the said Roads in tolerable Repair; and that the said Acts are, in many other Respects, ineffectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render the said Acts more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Sir Roger Mofiyn, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Kynafon, Lord Villiers, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. White, Mr. Harris, Sir William M, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Mr. Townjheml; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Nicholas Styleman, Esquire, Lord of the Manors of Snettisham on the Part of Dame

Cicilys, Rujleis, and llackens, in the County of Norfolk, Elizabeth Cobb, Lady of the Manoro in Snettisham, the Mayor and Burgesses of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for themselves, and on the behalf of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, and intitled to, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Sheep Walks, Warren for Rabbits, Tythes, Right of Common, and Right of Shackage with great Cattle, lying withiiithe Parish of Snettisham, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are in Snettisham aforesaid several whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows, and Commons, containing together about 5,000 Acres; and that the Petitioners, and others, have several Rights of Sheep Walks, Rights of Warren, Rights of Common and Shackage for great Cattle, over the said Commons, at all Times of the Year, and over the Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, and Shack Meadows, at certain Times of the Year, and other Rights of Common on the Commons there; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Lands, Grounds, Fields, Half-Year Closes, and Shack Meadows, may he exchanged, divided, and inclosed; and that all Tythes, Sheep Walk, and Shackage of great Cattle, may beextinguished, and a Part of the said Commons allotted in Severalty, in 1 ieu of the said Righ t of the Sheep Walk in and over the said Commons, and for the said Rabbit Warren, and for the cutting and digging of Firing; and that the Residue of the said Commons may be stinted; and that specific Parts and Shares of the said whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, and Shack Meadows, may be assigned and allotted to each of the said Proprietors, in lieu of their said several and respective Lands, Grounds, Sheep Walks over other Parts of the said Parish than the Commons, Tythes, and Right of Shackage for great Cattle: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given

to

1

if.

Snettifliaoi Inclosures y.

L

y, 3

Hi

lu

y -

i.c

M

1

:.F,

t.J

v ./

'4

s.

5

2 Geo. III.

12" FebfUitrit, 169

to bring in a Pill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Mah- and that if the same was carried by or tlcrir a Place willed ner as to the House thall fecm meet. Si. Leonard's, the same Would he repaired at a much lei's

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Expence, arid will lie a much nearer Hoad than by suant to the Prayer of the said Petition': And that Sir Ford.

John Turner and Sir Armine Wodehoitfedo prepare, iut<f And the Witness laid, That the Hoad leading from

bring in, the famei Gate to and from thence to the great Weltern Hoad (leading from to

Nutlngham Mr. Frederick Montagu p re fen ted to the tioiife, ac- bun/) between a Place called and

Stiecb. cording to Order, a Bill for the enlightening the Streets, is irt a ruinous Condition; and, in many Places,

Lanes, and Passages, within the Town and County of narrow and incommodious lorTravellersand Carriages; the Town of Nottingham: And the same was received; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the and read the First Time. Laws in being.

Rrjblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

amend an Act, made in the 321I Year of the Reign of Deping A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur- his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and Stone Bridge gestes, and other Inhabitants of the Town or Borough of widening the Roads from Gate in Fcpham

I*0"1, Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Land to the City of Winchester; and from the said City,

Owners, Tenants, and Inhabitants of the Towns and through to Chandler's Ford; and from

Pardhes of Deeping St. James, Market Deeping, West, aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at; and from

Deeping, Tallington, and UJfington, in the said County of the said Turnpike Road, through in the

Lincoln; and of Tinu.it'll, Ketton, South Luffenham, and County of Southampton, to and

Morcot, in the County of Rutland; was prel’ented to the borne Minder, in the County o and for amend-

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from ing and widening the Road between and

James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Morcot aforesaid, is in a Woolsbridge, in the County and froth

very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the to the great A', efrern Road, between a Place

ordinary Course of Law': And therefore praying, That called ThickThornandCu/hnnreInn, lem\'m<g from Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual ford Forum to the City of: And that Mr.

amending and repairing the said Road, in such Manner Sturt, Sir Robert Mr. and Mr. Rankes, do

as the House shall think fit. prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition he referred to the Con-f,deration of a Committee: And that they do examine A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farraui’s the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- Clothiers, and others, of Bradford, Holt, Common i-c;

pear to them, to the House: cock, and Places adjacent, in the County of I Fills, was °*

And it is referred to Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Mon- prefenled to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tagv. Sir George Savile, Mr. llarbord, Lord Verncy, Mr. the Highway leading from the Turnpike Road on Fnr-Townfield, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Co- rard’s Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through

renin/, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hcicctt, Mr. Cujt, and Mdk/ham, to Homan's Stile, otherwise Oman's Stile,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Paterson, Lord John Ca- in the Parish of Laycock, in the said County, is become vendish, Mr, Bridgeman, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Henniker, deep and ruinous; and in many Places very narrow, and Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr. Wilkes, Sir in other Partsfrequently overflowed ;andcannot beelfec-Edmund Isham, Mr. Lafctlles; and all the Members who tually widened, altered, repaired, and kept in Repair, by,

serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, Leicester, the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore pray ing, That Rutland, and York: And they are to meet this After- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- effectual repairing, altering, turning, shorteuing, and ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and widening the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

Records. Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the

Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine 0«Wn Mr. Sturt reported from the Committee, to whom the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free- pear to them, to the House:

holders and Inhabitants of the Counties of Southampton And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr. Proufe, and Dorset, wdiofe Names are thereunto subscribod, and Lord EiMr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Vane, Mr. of several Tru flees for carrying the Act therein after Buller, Sir Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Ward, Mr. mentioned into execution, was referred, That the Com- Fane, Sir John Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wynne, Mr. mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. Fuller, Mr. Lewis, Mr. and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Byde, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. White, Mr.

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Jon, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Rigby, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Shijfner, Sir William

'Fable: Where the same ivas read; and is as followeth; Me, Mr. Price, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, viz. Mr. Forrester, Sir Mr. 7c Mr.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, Whitworth, Mr. Colonel Mr. JVII-

pafl’ed in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Jon, Mr Mr. Cooke, Sir George Savile, Mr.

intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoads les, Mr. Upton, Sir George Sir

from Ox dot on Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Richard Gtynn, Sir James Carnegie, Lord Cam sport, Sir Winchester; and from the said City, through Hurjlty, to Edward Turner, Lord General St. Clair; and

Chandler's Ford-, and from Hurjkyafore said, to the T urn- all the Members who l’erve for the Counties of Wilts, Sofiko Road at Romfcys and from the said Turnpike Road, merjSouthampton, Dorset, Devon, and CornwallAnd through Ringwood, in the County of Southamjdon, to they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

Longliam Bridge and Win bor ne M infer, in the County of in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Dorset; was read; whereby it appeared, that the Truf- Persons, Papers, and Records, tees appointed by the said Act are directed to repair the

Hoad betiveenR/rtgtcwc/and Longham Bridge, by a Place A Petition of James of Liverpool, in the Duke of

called Palmer's Ford: And, County of , Merchant, Lessee of Francis MaJ-

Mr. John Willis, being examined, said, That the re- fey, Esquire, late Owner of , aliasHollin's Ferry, at i,on»ford pairing the Hoad from Ringwood to Ijmgham Bridge and in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, Bridge.

Winborne Minster, by the Waters called Palmer's Ford, and read; Setting forth, That Francis Maffey, late of cannot be done without great Difficulty and Expence; Rixton, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, by Inden-Vol. 29. V u ture

170 12° — 130 Febrmrii. . 1762.

tnre of Lease, dated the 18th Day of Jtfne 1745, de-mifed and granted to the Petitioner a House, and 25 Perches of Ground, with the Appurtenances, situate in Rixton aforesaid, and called the ferry, alias HollinFerry, together with the Ferry, and the Profits arising therefrom; and the I^ane leading towards the Boathouse, and ail Toll taken iii the Lane, or from the House down to the Water, subject to the Covenants mentioned in the Petition; and alleging, That the Petitioner hath observed that the Duke of Bridgewater hath presented a Petition to the House, for extending a Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge to the Hempjtones, in or near Halton, below

Warrington, and there to communicate with the River Mersey; and that, if the said Navigation into the River Mersey takes place, the Petitioner apprehends the Tolls, and Benefit arising from his Ferry, will be in great Danger of being loft, and thereby the Value of his Farm greatly reduced, and render the said Ferry ule-less to all Persons but the adjoining Neighbourhood j but that the Petitioner, in order to facilitate the Works of Navigation, so beneficial to this Kingdom in general, is willing, for a full and valuable Consideration, to sell and dispose of his Leasehold Interest in the said Farm and Ferry to the said Duke of Bridgewater, subject to the Covenants in his said Lease contained: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Relief as the Nature of his same merits.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to w hom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgevoatcr to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hempjtones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester, is committed.

suant to the Resolutlons which, upon Thursday the 28th Day of January last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing within the County of Middlesex and City of Westminster; and which were, with

an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for more effectually preventing the re-landing, in Great Britain, any Strong Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, which shall have been flopped for Exportation as Merchandize.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Mailman and Thomas Parker, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of mere, in the County of Surrey;

The House was informed that the Petitioners desire Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Richard Muilman and Thomas Parker, Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 130 Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1762. Prayer*.

Marlborough Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in

Swindon - . _ ——

Read.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, for repairing the several Roads from the Town

Repair, the Road from the North End, or Side, of the Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the County of Denbigh s and also the Road from Knockin the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once in the County of Salop, to Lanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; the County of Denbigh , and also of several Gentlemen, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were. Freeholders, and others, residing upon, or near, the

with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be itt-grofled.

Stokrtichurch

Hill

Roads.

Roads therein after-mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That great Progress has been made in repairing Part of the said Roads; but that the Trustees being prohibited from erecting Gates in some Places, and not having Power to stop the several Lanes leading from Whitehurst's House in Peny A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mountagu and in the Parish of Chirk, to Croefy Street-, and also from

die Sun, in the same Township, to the same Place; little or no Progress has been made in repairing other Parts of the said Roads; and setting forth, that there are several Roads branching out of the Road leading from Wrexham to Oswestry viz. Goe Bowen, through

Mr. Lane:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First,

and the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the over Babby's Wood, to the Turnpike Road lead-

Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top ctf Sto- ing from Ofuajlry to; and likewise a Road

kenchurch Hill to Enjlow Bridge, through the City of from the Cross in Oswestry, through the Willow Street Oxford, by Bcgbrooke, to NewWoodjlock, in the County there, over Pont Vane, to Pont Cyfyllte; and likewise of Oxon; and for repairing the Road from the Crown another Road, from the said Cross in Oswestry, through Alehousetothe Turnpike 011 Stokenchurch /////aforesaid; the said Willow Street, over otherwise Kcfn

and for repairing the Mile Ways on each Side the said Bivch, to Rhydy Croefull; by which Means the Payment City, as therein mentioned; without any Amendment, of the Tolls arising between Wrexham and Oswestry are And then the Messengers withdrew. in a great Measure avoided; but, if Power was given

to the said Trustees to erect Gates on the before men* Price of Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Gentlemen tioned Roads, which, in several Places, are very narrow, itwng Beer, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Rill, pur* and in the Winter scarce patfable, the same may be ef-18 feftua/Iy

Haslemere Ek&ioo.

1

D

I!

S

S,

k

M.

L

tk

Private Bound*. bt

to

Pool

and

Wrexham

Read*

A

.fieri

.ad.

fest she I

liroo

s'o

time

f«rj

tar

Or

&ra 4t\ Scar An

foioi

<.$fr (

H

ip

cord,1

h

vlie

Mi

a tee 'ot

a Geo. III. 13° Februarii. 171

Pi*

ft

1

Pri«2

1

M

' to*

fe&ually amended, and the Payment of the before-men- Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Portioned Tolls secured; and that there are likewise other sons. Papers, and Records.

Roads, which branch out of the said Road leading from

Ofwejtryto Pool, near the Town of Oswestry;viz. the A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Harbour Road to Lttnfyllin, and also the Road to Pentree Channel, of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and the beyond the Coal Pits; by which Means the Payment of Merchants, Mailers, and Owners of Ships, and of the the Tolls arising between Oswestry and Pool are also, in Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of a great Measure, avoided; but that, if Power was given Land, living in and near the said Town of,

to erect Gates on the last mentioned Roads, which info- and of the Trullees appointed to put in execution an veral Places are also very narrow, in Winter fcaree pass- Act made in the 13th Year of his late Majesty King able, the same may be efte&ually amended, and the Pay- George the Second, itbr making more effectual Two Acts ment of the said Tolls secured: And therefore praying, of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge of Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging the Har-the Term and Powers of the said Act, and to render the bour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and same more effectual; and also, that Provision may be for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to made in the same Bill, for flopping up the said Lanes; the said Harbour and Tow n of Whitehaven-, and also of reserving to the Occupiers of Lands contiguous to the the Trullees appointed to pul in execution an Act made fame, free Passage to and from their Lands; and also to in the 23d Year of his said late Majesty King George ere# Gates on, and repair the above mentioned other the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads lead-Roads. ing from Egremont to Dudden , Bridge,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and in the County of was pre-

Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa- fented to the House, and read; Alleging, That by the said miue the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Act of the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, certain Duties shall appear to them, to the House: in Perpetuity, and also certain Temporary Duties, were

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilbraham granted upon Coals and other Goods and Merchandizes, Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Heuietl, ^/Lv.Archer, and upon Shipping, for repairing the said Harbour;

Sir George Armitage,bAt.Butler,^/Lt, Egerton, Mr. Byde, which Act was further continued by the said Act of the

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Bankes, Sir Francis Vincent, Tenth of her said Majesty; and that by the said Act Mr. Tucker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. of the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the Lowndes, \tr.ProuJ'c, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mar tin, Sir George said Temporary Duties were further continued for the

Savile, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord George Lenox, Mr. Term of Twenty-one Years; and the Trullees were Plumptre, Mr. Clive, Mr. Holt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, thereby impowered to mortgage the Rates and Duties Mr. Harris, Sir James Lorother, Mr. Bacon, Sir Lynch granted by all the said Acts, to be applied as directed by Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Parker, the said Act; and that the Temporary Duties were to Mr. Wynne, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham, and all cease at the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one the Members who serve for the Principality of W<ales. Years, or sooner, if the said Harbourlhould be sufficient and Counties of Salop, Chester, Stafford, Worceficr, and ly repaired; but a Moiety of the Rates and Duties, by Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at the said former Acts granted, and by the said Act of the Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and 13th Year of his said late Majesty revived, is to continue have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for ever, and be applied in repairing, cleansing, and

maintaining the said Harbour; and that by an Act of the Coflum A Petition of the Noblemen, and of the Gentlemen, First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Clidefter ^eroY»an^ Freeholders of the Counties of Southampton Temporary Duties were further continued for the Term Road, and Suffer, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was of Twenty-one Years, as also the foveral Powers and

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Authorities thereby given; and that, pursuant to the the Road from Cojhatn, in the County of Southampton, Powers given by the said Act of the 13th Year of his through the Parishes of Widley, Wymering, Farlington, late Majesty, the Trullees have made many very conli-Bedhampton, Havant, and Warblington, in the foidCoun- derable Improvements in the said Harbour; in order to

ty, to the City of in the county of «St^.r, is be- perform which they have been obliged to borrow the

come very ruinous, andnarrow in many Places, andean- Sum of £. 5,985, whereof £. 2,970 remains still unpaid; not be sufficiently repaired and widened by theordinary and that the said Harbour is rendered much more com-Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave modious than it formerly was, yet it is still capable of may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes. further Improvements; and that if another new Pier or Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Mole on the North Eall and furthest Side of the said sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Harbour was still further added, the Limits of the Port the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- and Harbour further enlarged, and other Works made pear to them, to the House: for the further Improvement thereof, it would admit

And it is referred to Lord George Lenox, Mr. Bighy, Ships and Vessels of greater Burthen, and would be a fur-Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Lowther, Mr Ar-therSecurity to the Navigation in those Seas; and further cher, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ileivctt, Sir Armine Wode- alleging. That the Duties and Powers granted by the said house, Mr. Tucker, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Acts of the Seventh and Tenth of Queen Anne, and of Plumptre, Lord Grey, Mr. Blackstone, Sir James Dash- the 13th of his late Majesty, and continued by the First mod, Mr. Meynell, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fox, Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the said Sir John Philipps, Mr. Butler, Sir Edxoard Hawke, Mr. Harbour, have in many Instances been found insufficient, Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and require, in many Particulars, to be enlarged and Mr Fane, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Baynlun, Lord varied; and that a small Rivulet, called the Poe, runs

Midleton, Klr. Smith, Sir Francis Dashwood, M.r. Prowse, through a Part of the Town into the Harbour, and is

Lord Strange, Mr. Egerton, Lord John Cavendish, Sir at present a Nuisance; but if proper Powers were given George Montgomery Metham, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir to the Trullees to deepen and enlarge the said Rivulet, Edward Winnington, Lord Macduff, Sir Matthew Lambe, it would thereby be rendered of great Use towards cleans-

Sir John Griffin Griffin, Sir William Baker, Lord Clive, ing the Harbour; and that by an Act of the Eighth Year Lord Garlics, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and of King George the First, it was enacted, That all Coals all the Members who serve for the Counties of Svffexand carried from Ellenfuot, which is now called Mary Port, Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are in the Port of to Bank End in the River Eden,

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the in the said Port, or from any Creek or Place to any other Vol. 29, Creek

Whitehaven

Harbour,

&c.

i^-

Whitehaven

Harbour,

ice.

172 13° Februarii. A. 1762.

Creek or Place between Ellen foot ami flank End aforesaid, iliould not, in respect of such Carriage, be liable to pay Duty; and that if the said Exemption was particularly declared to extend to the Carriage of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, from any Creek or Place, to all other Creeks or Places within, and Part or Member of the said Port of Carlisle in general, it wotdd remove all Doubts, and be of very great Advantage; and further alleging, That it would be a great Advantage to the said Town, if proper Powers were given for supplying the said Town with Water, and for lighting and improving the Streets, and regulating Persons driving Carriages therein; and that by the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty, the Trustees for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Whitehaven, have proceeded in the Repairs thereof, and that the Sum of £.575, or thereabouts, still remains due upon the Tolls granted by the said Act, and that it will be impossible to repay the said Debt, and to complete the Repair of the said several Roads, without an Enlargement of the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and that by the said Act the Trustees arc only impowered to repair the Roads leading to the said down of Whitehaven, from over Bigrigg

Moor to Sea leg ill, and so to Whitehaven; and from the Town of Saint Bees to Whitehaven; and from Bridge-foot, over Clifton and WmfcalesMoor, to and

so to Whitehaven; and from the at the Ealt End of Harrington, to Disiingt on aforesaid; but that it Would be of great Advantage, if they were impowered to repair several other Roads leading to the said Town of Whitehaven, which are now very ruinous, and can* not be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that by the said Act of the 23d Year of his said late Majesty, Power was given to repair the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthoiij'e, in the County of Cumberland, and that the Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but found it impracticable to execute the fame; and that a Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, leading from C alder Bridge to Egremont, is now very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the Powers of the said Act; that if inch Parts of the said Act, as relate to that Part of the said Road, were repealed, and the Petitioners impowered to repair the fame, under the Powers prayed to be continued to them, they should be enabled effectually to repair the same for the same Toll, as is at present collected on the Road from Whitehaven to Egremont-, and that the Road leading out of the said Road from Whitehaven to Egremont at and

from thence by Keekle to WeddRigg, is also in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired without the Aftiltance of the 'foils arising 011 the said Road, but if repaired thereby, would be of great Advantage; and that the Roads which lead out of the said Road from Whitehaven to Distington, near the present Turnpike

Gate, to the South End of the Town of Par ton, and from the North End of the said Town of Barton till it joins the present Turnpike Road at the Smith’s Shop near MorrejbyHall, are also very ruinous, and cannot be

repaired by the Laws now in Force; and if the Petitioners were impowered to repair the fame, under the Powers prayed to be continued to them, it would be of great Advantage; and that the Road which leads out of the said Road from Whitehaven, by Distington, to from and over Winfcalcs Moor, to II tin day Gate, unto

the Town of Workington, in the said County of berland, is also inavery ruinousCondit ion, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in Force; and if the Petitioners were also impowered to repair the fame, under the present Tolls now collected on that Part of the said Road leading to Whitehaven, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said Acts of the Seventh and Tenth

Years of Queen Anne, and of the 13 th Year of his said late Majesty, and of the I- i rlt of 11 is preii nt Majesty; and for continuing and enlarging the Terri) and Powers thereby granted; and likewise for enlarging the Port and Harbour of U hitehav.cn, and for enabling the Trustees to render the River Poe of use to the said Port of Whitehaven-, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the Exemption in the said Act of the 8th of King George the Firit; and for enab'ingTrnl-tees to bring Water into proper Places v it bin the said Town, for supplying the inhabitants thereof; and also for providing Lamps for lighting up the Streets, and improving the same, and for regulating the Drivers of farts and Carriages within the said Town; and for repealing so much of the said Act of the 23d of his laid late Majesty, as relates to the said Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and to enable the Petitioners to re-

pair, widen, and amend the fame; and for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Scragill aforesaid to Weddiker Bigg; and also the Road which leads out of the Road from Whitehaven, by Distington, to Bridge Foot, over WinjcalesMeor, to H (late aforesaid; in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold, rs, and Customary Tenants, Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ad joining the Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Divisions therein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highways leading from in the "West Riding of the County of to Grecta

Bridge, in the Parish of Tanj/al, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the several Townships of .1 waite, in the Parish of Sedbcrgh aforesaid, Middleton, Barbon, and CaJ/erton, in the Parish of

in the County of Westmoi'eland, and Burrow, Canfield, and Tunjial, in the said County the High-

way leading from the Town of Sedbcrgh aforesaid, to the Town of Kirkby Stephen, in the said County of West-

inoreland, through Son I bank and Frojimv, and and Dozvbegin, in t lie said Pari fl 1 of Sedbcrgthe Pari dies

ofRavenjlondale, Wharton Dykin

the County of IFejbnoreland, to the Turnpike Road at

Kirkby Stephen, HighlaneHead, in the said County of

Westmoreland;the Highway leading from aforesaid to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of land, through Mart hie ait e aforesaid, Killing/on,

New Hutton, Hutton in the Hay, and Kendal, in the said County of U'ejl morel; and also the Highway leading from Sedbcrgh aforesaid, to in

the North Riding of the said County of York, through Soolbankand Fnjl'vw, and Gand in

the said Parish of Sedbcrgh Higher Abbot Side,

Low Abbot Side, and AJkrigg, in the Parish of A if gar t in W?njleydale, in the North Riding of to

Brackenbar Gale, on the Cam Turnpike Road, near AJkrigg aforesaid; are in many Places ruinous, and in other Places rocky and narrow, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, 'I'* at Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, widening, diverting, and altering the Highways aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Upton, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir James Luzcther, Mr. Tucker, Mr Mr.

herbert, Sir C.mi les Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Mr. Morton, Mr. Cujt, Mr Bootle, Sir John Griffin Gnjfin, Mr Archer, Mr. WeddMr Sir

2 Geo. III. 130 Februarii. 173

George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Lord Midleton, Mr. Medly Mr. Mr. Bur-

rell, Mr, Dozcdefzoell, Mr. Lord George Lenox, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Deering, Mr. Kynaston, See Armine Wodelmife, Mr. Fenton, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Knight, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bootup Mr. Mr. Mills,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Jennings-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, land, Cumberland, York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Flirmrell, A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Jtc. Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in, and near, the Road leading from Kent, in the Parish of Ticchin the County of Sujffex, through Ilighgate, in the Parish of Hazokhurjt, in the County of Kent, Cooper's Corner, in the Parish of Sale-hurst, in the County of Suft and from Ilighgate aforesaid, to Tubb's Lake, in the Parish of in the County of Kent; and also from Ilighgate aforesaid, through Sandhurst and Nezvender, in the County of Kent, Northiam, Beckley, Plefemarsh, Rye, and Play dan, to Rye, in the said County of SuJJ'ex; waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is very ruinous and dangerous, and cannot be amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. Sir WyndhamKnatch-

bull Wyndham, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon. Sir Ellis Mr. Tucker, General

Comzoallis, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Webb, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shelley, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grant, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mills, Mr. Doiedefwell, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Bull, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Hume, Mr. Hezvelt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of SuJJ'ex, Surrey, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Snnburne Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is

Iodolure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Szvanburne, in the County of Bucks: Which Bill was Yesterday read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Highdge A Petition of the Land Owners of the Liberty of

klofure. Highedge, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Liberty, a large Tract of Common Pasture, or Land, which, in its present Condition, is of little Benefit to the Petitioners; and alleging, That if the same was inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, it would be of great Advantage to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-VojL. 2g.

Inapt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Armilage and Mr. Hewed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting In Doncaster execution so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of 10 < his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniftoit, Rua(j. in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester-, and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penifton, as relates to the Road from Doncaster to Salter's Brook-, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, for the Repair of the said Road, and which Hill remains unpaid; and that the said Act is now near expiring, and the said Debt cannot be discharged, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Tolls are augmented, and such Part of the said Act as relates to the said Road be further continued, explained, and amended, and additional Powers granted for the more easy and effectual Execution thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Armitage, Mr. Lafcellos, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Archer, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Hezvelt, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman

Harley, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Butler-, and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Nottingham, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Burbach County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Citizens, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, re- *c- *’ siding iu and near the Roads and Places therein after Roadi. mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Alleging, That the Petitioners observe in the Votes, that a Bill is now depending, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Three Pots, along the Watling Street, to Nuneaton Gap, and other Roads therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That it would be of great Advantage, if the Road from Coventry, through Radford, Carjley, and Corley, by Corley Church, and through Fillongley, by Fillonglcy Church End, to New Bridge, by SlolcyHill, in the Parish ofand to the in OverH hit acre and Bentley Lane-, and to Badgley

Common, by the Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Watling Street Road, by Birch Coppice, to Polefioorth, was made good: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to add a Clause to the aforesaid Bill now depending, for repairing, amending, and widening the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of W Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads therein after mentioned, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Bridgetown ' in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in he 32ft *>cmej0/ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Rwd*-Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Hollow Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to Biddaford, in the County of Devon -,

X x axul

Coventry

Streets.

174 130 Febrmrii. 176a.

and Creditors under the said Act; and of the Mayor, were kept in good Order, and properly lighted, and in Aldermen, and Burgesses, and of the principal Inhabit- feme Parts thereof widened, and an able Watch kept ants of the Borough of Totness, Bridgetown Pomeroy, therein in the Night-time; and if the public Wells Berry Pomeroy, Stoke Gabriel, Paington, Mar Ulan, Bovey and Pumps in the several Wards of the said City and Tracey, Dartington, Buttery, and of the Gentlemen, Suburbs were regulated, and the Waters of the River

Clergy, and others, residing near, and travelling on the Sherborne, running through and by several Parts of the Roads therein after mentioned; was presented to the said City and Suburbs, were kept free from Obstructions:

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads lead- And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to ing from the Head of the Borough of Bridgetown Pome- bring in a Bill for those Purposes. ivy, in the Parish of Berry Pomeroy, in the said County, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the through the Parishes of Beny Pomeroy &n<\ Stolce Gabriel, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-to Walton Gate, at the End of Stoke Gabriel-, and from mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Bridgetown Pomeroy to Paington, and from thence to a shall appear to them, to the House:

Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Hewett, Mr. Arts) a Place called Five Lanes, in the Parish of Marldon, cher, Mr. West, Mr. Alderman Hurley, Sir through the Parishes of Berry Pomeroy and Paington; and life, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir George

from a Bridge called Teing Bridge, in the Parish of Tein- Savile, Mr. 77 M Mr. Harris, Mr.

grace, through the several Parishes of Highwcek, Tein- Whateley, M Lord Winter ton, Mr. Hewett, grace, and Bovey Tracey, to Bovey Mills, in the Parish of Lord Dungarvon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. GaJ'coync, Mr.

Bovey Tracey, and also from the Town of Totness, Bacon, Mr. Lcg/i, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr.

through Dartington, to Staverton Bridge; and from Tot- 'Sir. Craven, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

mjs, through Dartington, to Cobbaton Lane, and next to Burrell, Mr. 0/wTM.r, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr

Willing CroJ's-, and from Huxham's Crop to the En;i of Mr. Mr. Wedderburn, Sir. Stanhope, Sir

MarshLane, leading to the Town of Buckfa/tleigh, in tier Gilmour, Mr. Maicbey, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Hie Parish of Battery, in the said County; are so Mr. Lijler, Slr.Kynafon, Mr. Sewell-, and all the Mom-

ruinous, incommodious, and narrow, that they can- bers who serve for the Counties of Waricick,

not be amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Northampton, Oxford, and Nottingham: And

Law; and alleging, That as the Hoadsabovementioned they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

from Bridgetown Pomeroy to Hat on Gate, Paington, and in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for the said Place, called Five Lanes, branch off by several Persons, Papers, and Records.

different Roads from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from the

Totness Turnpike Road, to Newton Abbott, it will bene- A Petition of the Vestrymen, and other Inhabitant St.Jimes\ Cellary to erect a loll Gate at the Head of Bridgetown of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Welp"fter’ Pomeroy, and aSide Gate in the said down; and as there Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on are Two Toll Gatos already erected by virtue of the the behalf of themselves and the roll of the A’eltrymen said Act, One at a Place called Bunker's Hill, about One and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the Mile from Bridgetoivn Pomeroy, and another at a Place House, and read; Alleging, That it would be of great called Fork Green, between Totness and Biddaford, it Advantage to the Parishioners if other proper Provisions would become too heavy aBnrthenon Persons travelling were made for the better Relief, Employment, and Care the said Roads to pay Toll at the said intended Gate, at of the Poor of the said Parish, than are contained in the Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy, and also at the said the general Laws now in being, relating to the Poor; other Gates: And therefore praying, That Leave may and that the cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, and other be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and open Passages and Places in the said Parish, has been keeping ifi Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as greatly neglected by the Scavengers; which might be the House ilia.il think proper; and that Provisions may remedied if Powers were given to the Vestry of the said be made in the said Bill, so that One Toll only may be Parish, to contract annually with proper Persons for paid by Travellers on the said intended Road, from the cleansing the said Streets, and to make Rates for those Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy to Watun Gale, Paington, Purposes; and that it would tend greatly to the Advan-and Five Lanes, and on the Totness Turnpike Road (he- tage of the said Parish, if the Monies to be raised for tween Newton Abbott, and Biddaford) either at Bridge- the Relief of the Poor, and making the Pavements di-rex;/;, Bunker's Ilill, or Fork Green, passing and repairing reeled by an Act of the 20th of his late Majesty, and those Roads, as to the House shall seem meet. also lor cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other open Paf-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the sages and Places in the said Parish, were to be assessed Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa- annually in Two distinct Assessments, to be entered in mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull the same Books, and to be collected together: And appear to them, to the House: therefore praying the House to grant such Relief in the

And it is referred to Mr. Trifle, Mr. Butler, Sir Ellis Premises as shall seem fitting.

Cunlife, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fifzherbert, Sir Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the George Savile, Mr. Pelham, Lord George Lenox, Mr. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Tucker, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Mor- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it daunt, Mr. Btdicr, Mr. Bull, Mr. Alderman Harley, shall appear to them, to the House:

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hewett, And it is referred to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burrell, Ge-

Mr. Bacon; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- neral Cornwallis, Sir.Hewett, Lord Pultency, Mr. Tucker,

ties of Devon, Cornwall, SomerJ'et, and Dorset: And Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Kir. Thoroton,

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Duke, Mr. Hume, Mr.

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Onslow, Mr. Byde, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Persons, Papers, and Records. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr

LafcelleMr. Proufe, Air. , Mr A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Mr GloMr. Bootle, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Serjeant Hewett,

and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabit- Sir Cha Mr. Air.

uats of the City of Coventry, whose Common Seal and Air. Fitzherbert, Lord Air. Banbury, Mr.

Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, June tides. Air. Brudenell, Lord Wintcrton, Mr. Pry/ie in behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants of the Campbell, Lord Mr. Mr. Lord

said City, was presented to the House, and read; Al- CarysJ'ort, Mr. Webb, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Willy, leging, That it would tend greatly to the Safety and Sir EllisCunlife, Mr. Bridgeman, Colonel Fitzroy, Lord Advantage of the said City and Suburbs, if the Streets, Mandeville, Lord Malpas, Lord Clive, Sir John Philipps,

Highways, Cuufcways, Lanes, and Passages therein, Lord Tichfield, Lord Digby, Lord , Sir James

Lowther,

c

t

a

I:

1

2 s

X

k

ai

a

lii

C

,(i

a

ia

r

i Geo. III.

13 — 15'

Februarii.

175

Loxvtker, Lord Dungafthn.Sir WyndhamKnatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and

Kent and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool',in Common Council assembled, and of

the Rectors, Churchwardens, and Parffhioners of the said Parish of Liverpool, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of

Marine

Forcer.

the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House ;and be read An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

Sankey

Brook

Navigation,

Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir EllisCunliffe reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition- of Charles Goore, John Blackburne

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Eyes, being examined, said, That the Number of Inhabitants of is lately so much increased,

that the Churches are not near sufficient to contain them; and that they are desirous that Two new Churches should be built, and Two Cemeteries provided, at the Expence of the Corporation and Parishioners. That the Pavements in the said Town are very bad, the younger, and Richard Tr afford, was referred. That and the Repairs thereof attended with a greut Expence;

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

and he apprehends it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants, if Carts and other Carriages used in the said Town for carrying Goods and Merchandize, were built with Wheels of a greater Breadth.

And that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if the Prices to be paid to Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, were ascertained, and some Provision made for regulating the ir

jesty, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Behaviour, for at present the Carters will not carry any or Brook, called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Loads except they like them.

Liverpool

Ciiurcbei.

Branches thereof, from the River below Sankey

Bridges up to Boardman's Stone Bridge on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge on the Middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof all in the County Palatine of; and

also for adjulling the Measure of Coal, to be brought down the said River or Brook, and fold within the d own of Liverpoole, in the said County; was read: And,

Mr. John Eyes, being examined, said, That the Undertakers of the said Navigation have, at the Expence of £.19,000 and upwards, completed the same from the River Mersey, belo w Sankey Bridges, up to s

Bridge and Penny Bridge, except in Neap Tides, when the Navigation of the said Brook, as also of the River Mersey, between the same and a Place called Fid/ers Ferry, is impracticable; and has known Vessels stopt from 5 to 7 Days, for want of Water; that he has surveyed and levelled the Ground from Sankey Lack to Fidlers Ferry, and beyond the same; that the making a navigable Cut or Canal from, or near, the said Lock, to communicate with the said River is very

practicable, and will save Vessels from being Hopp’d at lead 5 Days every Neap Tide, and will be enabled to make 3 Trips where they now make but Two.

That at the Time the Witiiefs took his Survey, there were 17 Vessels detained by Neap Tides.

That there arc feveraiCoal Mines contiguous to the 3 Branches of Sankey Brook; and that the extending the Navigation of the fame, for about 2,000 Yards above Boardman's Stone Bridge, Gerrard's Bridge, and Penny Bridge, is very practicable, and will be a Means of procuring a more certain and conftaat Navigation, and furnishing a greater Quantity of Coals to the Inhabitants of Liverpoole and Parts adjacent, and tend to promote Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given lo bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County of Lancaster-, and for extending and improving

the said Navigation: And that Sir Cunliffe, Mr. Heuett, and Mr. Filzherbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of die Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs,

Mr. Francis Gildart, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Eye.

Ordered, That'Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, within the Town "of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for the better preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen; and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town: And that Sir Ellis Cunliffe and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Paffhges, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Cheffcr, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ltttteei Anno 2'

I g die Februarii;

Georgii III1* Regis* 1762.

PR

AYERS.

'01.

z9-

?FEANCharnaud took the Oaths appointed, in order J to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End, or Side, of the Town of Marlborough, in the County of ,to

the

Chester

Poor

and

Street*.

hfttlbotough

to

Swindon

Road.

ij6

the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Sivindon, to the North End, or Side, of the Town of;

and from the said Town of , to the Village

of Ever ley, in the County of Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Waltfmill, Mr. Byde presented to the House, according to Or-&c. der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Towers granted Ro»d. by Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and 16th Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadin the County of Hertford, to Barley and Roy; and for making the said

Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the FirflTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Schumacher's Mr. Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according Nat. to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Philip Schumacher: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Haft’s Sir Armine Wodehouse reported from the Committee, Name, to whom the Bill to enable John Haje, Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and life the Surname and Arms of Lombe, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Alton Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ajton upon Trent, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hungerton sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according

Inclosure. Qrc|er> a gjn for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chester An ingrossed Bill, for better regulating the Poor, so°r maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and Sueetr cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chefer, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. ii. to leave out from " mentioned" to " and" in I.23.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chefer.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duke of The House was moved, in pursuance of the Order Nav^tion* Wcdne,(daylaft. That Leave be given to move the at Longford House this Day, to proceed upon the Report from the Bridge.

A. 1762.

Committee, to Whom the Bill to enable the Molt noble Francis Duke of Bridgexaater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hempfones, in the Township of Hatton, in the County of Chefer, was committed; this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Report may be proceeded upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel in the Manor and Parish of B'f in the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Byde, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Buller, Mr. Onjlc Mr. Mr. derburn, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bun-buiy. Doctor Hay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. I.ozvndes, Mr. tlezcorth. Sir Edmund Ifiam, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. 11arbord, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Holt, Mr.

Mr. Smith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffer, Surrey, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harris reported from the Committee, to whom the ‘ Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Wilts, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, residing in and near the fcv eral Places through which the Highways thereafter mentioned do pass, and others frequently passing the fame, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from ton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in WestKnoyle-, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turn-

pike Road at Heitefbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, iii the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherlon Street, in the County of Wilts, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Trustees are restrained from taking more than One Toll upon the said Roads the same Day: And,

Mr. Jafeph Elderton, being examined, laid. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in execution; and, for that Purpose, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but find it impossible to repair the said Roads by the Tolls now payable: And he further said, That the whole Roads directed to be repaired by the Act, are about Fifty-seven Miles in Length; and that, unless the Trustees are ira-powered to take more than One Toll upon the said Roads, it will be impossible effectually to repair, and keep the same in Repair, for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render moreeftectual, An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fishcrton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby HedgeJm. West Knoyle; and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of , to the Mile

Stone at the Western End of Fifierton Street, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Harris, Mr. W,illey, Mr.

Alder-

150 Februarii.

Bishopftor\ Tide Mills.

Fisherton

Bridge

Road.

a Geo. III.

15 Februarii.

*77

Aldemian Beckford, M r. do prepare, a,ud bring in, the fame.

Liverpool A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-Harbour. men, Owners of Vessels, and Inhabitants of the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was

presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition from the Borough and Corporation of is intended to be

brought into the House, for making a new Dock there, for erecting and maintaining Lighthouses, or other proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and FiOiery in the Hirer Mer/ey, and the Port and Harbour of Liverpool, and to the Extents thereof; and that the Petitioners hope, that, as the Limits of the said Port, on the River Mer/ey, extend from the tied Stones in Hoyle Lake, in the County of Chajler, to Warrington Bridge, in the County of Lancaster, the same will be dill included, and continued a free and open River; and that the many Obstructions in the said Petition complained of, may be removed: And therefore praying, That a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, and also of several Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool', and of the Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed; is referred.

vigable Cut, or Canal, from a certain Place in the Town* ship of Salford, to or near Worficy Mill and Middleu’ood, in the Manor of Worfiey, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of and

also a Clause hi an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut or Canal, Rom or near Mill, over the River Incell, to the 1 own of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the faiil County; were also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mcrfey and Irw in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, on behalf of them (elves, and sundry other Persons interested therein, produced Evidence, and examined several Witr.estes, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report, he adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, upon Wednesday next, to proceed further upon the said Report, after Two of the Clock.

Duke of In^ewiter’i*

Navigation

at

Longford

Sndgc.

Mr. Rigby, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgeioater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the River Mer/ey, at a Place called the Hempfiones, in the Town-ship of itation, in the County of Chester, was committed, That the Committee had considered the several Petitions to them referred, and had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mer/ey and well, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, on behalf of themselves, and sundry other Persons inte-rested therein j and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an luftruftiun to the Gentlemen Price of who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pur- Stron* Beer* suant to the Resolutions which, upon Thursday the 28th Day of January last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Victuallers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding within the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster; and wluch were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the more effectually preventing the mixing of Strong Beer, Ale, or Worts, with Water, after the Gauge of fqch Strong Beer, Ata or Worts, shall have been taken by an Officer of Excile,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Re That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to \y*y* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*. Then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-called in ply granted to Flis Majesty;

And the said Report was read Resolved, That this rfoufe will, upon Friday Morning

And the several Petitions against the Bill were also next, resolve itself into the said Committee, read.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mer/ey and Irwell, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, on behalf of themselves, and sundry other Persons interested therein, were heard.

And several Clauses in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Rivers Mer/ey and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, were read.

And a Clause in an Act, made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a na-Voi. 29.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to fh« railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Y y Rtfblved,

Militia

Laws.

16° Febrmrii.

A. 17 6z.

Resolved, That JfoufeWitl, upon jliurfday Morn- Ordered, That it be an Induction to the Gentlemen Regulation w

'ing next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to pre- Sj

House, to consider farther of the said Bill. Vent Thefts and Frauds, which are frequently committed oalhe n

by Persons navigating, the Boats, commonly called Thanp.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Bum Boats, upon the River Thames, That they do ex-Morning, Nine of the Clock. tend the Provisions of the said Bill to other Boats and

.________. ' Vessels navigated upon the said River

Martin 16° die Februarii Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

B«udt’s ' A ' Petition of Nicholas Brandt was presented to the *at* -t\. House> and read; praying. That his Name may

be itiferted in the Bill now depending, for naturalizing Philip Schumacher.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Bro^k Ordered, That Sit Willia Meredith be added to the

Navigation, Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, to amend and tender more effectual an Act, made in the 28th Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Brook,

in the County of Lancaster; and for extending and improving the said Navigation.-

Liverpool Ordered, That Sir William Meredith be added to the Churches. Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in aftill for buildingTwo new Churches, and providing Burial Places within the Town of Liter pool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ;and for the better preserving the

Pavements of the Streets in the said Town *, and for af--certaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Cat-men, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen; and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town.

HinHe'y A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-through pair, the Road from at the End of the

Hj?rb*&e Town of Hinkley, to Lut; and from 04 or neat the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in tile County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in

Field, in the County of Northampton \ was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir. Mordaunf, Mr. Proxofe, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bulltr, Mt.

(,'ooke, Mr. Bull, Mr. Walfli, Mr. Burrell, Mr,

hamBootle, Mr. Parker, Mr. Clive, Mr. Smith,

I/ml Boyston, Mr. Hewett, Sir Joint Philipps, Mr. Plump-

tie, Mr. Harris, Mr. Adams, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Jtone, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bi/dc, Mr. Hume, Mr.;

and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Leicef-ter, Warwick, Northampton, Stafford, Derby, and Not-

tingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Aflibnaon Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an Undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Resolution of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1707, "That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament lor the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders " having Hands or Tenements holden of the said Borough only and also the-Resolution of the House, of the 17th Day of March 1710, "That the Freeholders

" of the 1 ancls and Tenements called llaljhanger and " HakcellLalids, lying within the Borough of

" and subject to pay a Borough Rent, have Right to vote " fur Members to serve in Parliament lor the said Bo*

* rough of Ajkb'.trlon"were also read.

And the flandihg Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire; Cfly, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determinationin the House of Commons, was also read.

And the original Poll, taken at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was produced.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined fevei al Witnesses, in order tadifqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member petitioned Ugainst.

And they having examined a Witness, in order to dif* qualify Boger Cole, who Voted for the Sitting Member petitioned against;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. .’

They were again called ini

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined another Witness, with respect to the Notice that had been given to the Agent for the Sitting Member petitioned against, to produce the Deeds relating to the Premises, for which the said Roger Cole voted.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That tile further Hearing of the Matter Of the said Petitions be adjourned till *Thiirfday Morning next.

t

efi

k

ira!

L

Bdi

X

P«i

Qti ' tdll

h. k tf j

(i,

di>

ft!K

Hou nr far 1

T

1

,/i

tct

fuv

k

i\

a

1

Clv.irnaud’s A Bill for naturalizing Jean Charnaud was read a.

Nat. Second Time. The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hear- Undo*

, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Linwood, ing the Matter of the several Petitions, Complaining of Ekftio Mr. Proufe, Mr. Lane, Mr. Montagu, Doctor Hay, Mr. att urtditeEk&ion and'Return for the Borough of

Bull, General Bofcauien, Mr. Burrell, Lord Clive, Mr. in the County of Dorset;

Sharpe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord , A Motion was made: And the Question being pro-George Cavendish, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Vane, Mr. SluiftQ, posed; That the Matter of the said Petitions be lie^rd it Mr. WalJh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Upton, Mr. Merrick Burrell, the Bar of this House upon TW/tfm/Sevennight,

Lord Cary fort, Mr. Olmlus, Sir Edmund Tlioinas:Arid Ah Amendment' was proposed to be made to the

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Question, by leaving out the Wdrds " Ttmrfday Seveh-the Speaker’s Chamber. " night," hfid inserting the Words " this Day Fortnight"

instead thereof. '

WevhUl, Sir John Griffin Griffin presented to the House, ac- And the Question being put, That the Words Thurs-

&c. cording to Ord^r, a Bill for repairing and w idening the u dpy S6vferihl{*utb llatid Part of the Question;

Road. Road from the Turn pike Road at WeijhiU, in the Coluity It passed in the Negative.

of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in And the Question being put, That the Wolds" this

the County of Wilts :And the fatne was received iitid " Day Fortnight" be ipferted ihstead thereof i . read, the First Time. § It waS resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.: Then thd main Question, so amended, being put,

... Ordered,

1 bJ

i f.

Name.

a Geo. III.

17* Februarii.

179

Ordered, That the Matter of the fereral Petitions* Mr.; and all the Members

complaining of on undue Election and Return for the who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Sa-

llorough of Bridport, in the County of DorJ'et, be heard

at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i y° die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

_ .1

Prayers.

T)HILIPSchumacher find Nicholas took the

* Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

bp, Stafford, and Warwick; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Nottingham Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Street*. Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

IteJolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr Montagu, Mr. Hetoelf, Si r Edmund Thomas, Mr. Harris, Mr. Doiode/ivell, Mr. Plump!re, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Burt,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Holt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Ryder, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Lord Midleton, Mr. Mr. Wilkin fan, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Charles Mr.

Wynne, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Ojbaldejton, Mr.

Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Jobh Hafk, Esquire, and of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and

his Meirs male, to take and nfe the Surname and Arms 0 f Dm be, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John H Esquire, and his Heirs male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Ijomhc.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bury -

Sudbury

to

Bury

Ordered, That Sir Armine Wodehotife do carry the mujid’s, and the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of St'^nd

tprrow’i

Hour,

Ire.

load.

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Bydereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Land Owners, and Inhabitants residing in and near the several Parishes and Vills of Rujhey, Watford, Abbot's Langley, King's Langley, Hemel Hempfted, Saint Peter's, North Church, and Tring, in the County of Hertford-, and also in and near Ajton,

Clinton, Weston, Tervile, and Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

Suffolk, and of the several Towns and Phires adjoining, and lyinguear, the Road between Edmund's Bury and Sudbury, through Melford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Maulkin and Mr. John Hand forth, being severally examined, said. That the Road from Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, to the South Gate in Bury Saint

House; and he read the Report in his Place j and after- Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, is, in many Places,

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the same was read; and is as followed;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Grace informed your Committee, that he knows the Roads described in the said Petition; that they are

so narrow, and in some Places so ruinous, as to be dam gerotis for Travellers; and that the Waters are sometimes so deep that Carriages cannot pass through them.

And both the Witnesses.said, they did not believe that a Rate of Sixpence in the Pound, together with the

tery much out of Repair, and in many Places very nar- Statute Labour, would be sufficient to put the said Road row; and that, in some Parts of the Roads, there are into tolerable Repair.

Sfifro Towing Patbi.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, and widening, the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the County of to the South Gate in Bumj Saint Ed-

mund's, in the said County: And that Mr. Holt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, and Mr. Banbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Harris presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an of Hertford, by Pettipher’sElms, to the Turnpike Road Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

at Walton, wear Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the And that Mr. Byde, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wilkes, Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike and Mr. Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Road at Willoughby Hedge in West and from

Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of A Bill for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road Heytesbury; and also the Road front the Turnpike Road or Passage on the Batiks of the River Severn, between at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Ur/hfont,

Wonvjler Bridge and Bendley Bridge, for Horses as well to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street,

very dangerous Waters; and that the said Roads cannot be properly amended and widened by the Laws now in being, for the repairing'Highways.

And John Burnam confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow’s Heme, on Bushy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamjled Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County

Fishfrton

Bridge

Road.

as Men, to draw and: hale Vessels on the said River, making fteeompence to t he Landholders, or Occupiers of Land on the Banks' of the said River, between the said Bridges, was rend a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bi/I be committed to Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Byde, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Burt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, M r. Holt, Sir Lynch Salujbitry Cotton, Mr. Heivett, Sir EllisCunlffe, Mr. Houblon, Sir

Mordaunt, Mr . Fuller, hlr. GoMr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Bacon, Mr. OjbaldejMr. Mitchell, Mr

in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish, Sir Henry Harpur, and Mr. Fi/zherbert, be added to the Gentle-

men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,

Strfuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Land whers of the Liberty of Highedge, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Free-

Highedge

Jntioiure,

1Yilies, Mt. Montagu, Mr.-WilbrakarnBdotle, Mr. Smith, holders and Copyholders within the said Liberty. -VOL.29. The

180 17° — 180 Februarii. A, 1762.

Duke of The House was moved, in pursuance of the Order of Namation* Mondaylalt, That Leave be given to move the House

£i this Day, to proceed further upon the Report which was Longford made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Bridge, the most noble Francis Duke of to make a

navigable Cut, or Canal, from , in the-

Township of Stretford, in the Comity Palatine of Lan-caster, to the River MerJ'ey, at a Place called the Hemp*

fanes, in the Township of Holton, in the County of Chester, was committed, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Coimfel may be further heard upon the said Report, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Phillimorc’s An ingro.Ted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eltee. vesting a Piece or Pieces of Ground, in in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Robert

Phillimore, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money nrifing by suchSale in the Purchase of Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now stands settled; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Wi Ikinfm, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Archer, Mr. Redder burn, Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hume, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynafon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr.

Smith, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Brand, Mr. Lane, Mr.

hope, Sir Armine WodehouJ'c, Mr. Plump!re, Mr. l^egh,

Mr. Hates, Lord StrangeMr. Brudenell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Upton, Mr. Banbury, Mr.

Mr. Iloublon, Lord George Lenox, Mr. , Sir

Boger Nexcdigale, Mr. Wilb Bootle, Lord George

Cuvendish, Mr . Eger ton.Colonel and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Ef-sex. Sussex, Surrey, Kent, Hertford, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Duke of The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Bridgewater’* Counsel upon the Report which was made from the Com-Navi?ation to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Fran-

Lonrford c‘s Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Bridge. Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of I ancaster, to the River MerJ'ey, at a Place called the Hempfones, in the Town-(liip of Halton, in the County of was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the Rivers Mersey and Incell, in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, proceeded in their Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of their Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Honourable Richard Barry and Peter Legh, Esquires, joint Lords of tbcManor of Groppenhall, Sir Richard Brooke, Baronet, Lord of the several Manors of Norton and Grange,

Peter Brooke, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of Walton the Higher and the Lower, Lydia Noble,

Widow, One of the joint Lords of the Manor of Sail, and the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises within the several Townships of Halton, Norton Moor, Acton Grange, Higher Walton, Lower Walton, Appleton, Groppenhall, Latehford, Thelwali, Lymm, Bollington, DunhamMajjey, Timperley, and Sale, all in the County Palatine of Chesterand also, for the Petitioners, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the County of Chester; was heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the Petitions, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the said Bill were heard, ao

And then the Counsel, on both Sides, were directed to withdraw'.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave he given to move the House upon Friday next, to proceed further upon the said Re port, after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of AT nianPinkney, now a Prisoner in ITis Privilege.

Majesty’sGaol of Nezogate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner has, most deservedly, incurred the Cenftire of the House, tty counterfeiting the Hand Writing of a Member he eof, in the franking of Letters; and alleging, that the Petitioner is truly sensible of his Offence, and is unfeigned-ly sorry for the fame; and allures the House, that he will he careful to avoid incurring, in any Respect, their Displeasure for the future; and that a Continuation of the Petitioner’s Confinement will be of the utmost Detriment, not only to his private Affairs, but also to several Persons by whom he is intruded and employed:

And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to order him to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Ninian Pinkney be brought to the Bar of this House, To-Morrow Morning, in order to his being discharged; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrauts accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis% 18° die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii III1" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Vane presented to the House, according to Or- Teefe Bridge der, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at, or near, the Ferry, in the Parish of Stockton, *"* ton‘

in the County of Durham: And the same was received;' and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to soettilbam Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the whole Year lodofure. Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, Stack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whom the Sedbergh, Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Customary Tenants, Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining the Highways, in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Divisions, thereinafter mentioned, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed,. was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Waderjbn, being examined, said, That he is wTell acquainted with the several Roads from Sedbergh, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Greeta Bridge, in the County of Lancaster; from Sedbergh aforesaid to Kirhby Steven, in the County of Westmoreland; from Sedbergh aforesaid to Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and also, from the said Town of Sedbergh to the Town of AJkrigg, in the County of York:

That

2 Geo. III. 18 Q Februari 181

That the said Roads are, in many Places, so narrow, hand Mr. Fairfax, do prepare, and bring in, the for Milea together, that Two Carriages cannot pass; in fame, others very* rocky, and, in general, l'o very ruinous and

bad as to be extremely dangerous: Mr. George Bridges Brudenellreported from the Com- Deeping

That mauy of the said Roads have been frequently mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, 8t<^ajrid*e indicted; and that the whole Statute Labour, and 6 d.and Capital Burgetles, and other Inhabitants, of the °* in the Pound, has been applied towards repairing Town or Borough of Stumford, in the County of Lincoln; them; but that it will be impossible to make them to- and of the Land Owners, Tenants, and Inhabitants of lerablyfnfe by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law. the Towns and Parishes of Deeping Saint James, Market Mr. Thomas John llankinjbn, being examined, laid, Deeping, Weji Deeping, Tallington, and Uffington, in the That lie had surveyed all the said Roads j and he con- said County of Lincoln} and of TimoeU, South

firmed the Evidence of Mr. Waderjbn. Land Morcot, in the County of Rutland; was

Both f lie Witnessbs said. That if the said Roads were referred; That the Committee hadexamitied the Matter well repaired, it would be of great Advantage to the of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Country. fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in repairing, and widening, the Roads from KirkbySteven, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is High Lane Hend, i n t he County of Westmoreland, through as followeth;

Sedberglt, to Greet a Bridge, in the County Palatine of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Lancaster; and from BrackenbarXiaie, near Ajkrigg, in John Wyche, being examined, said, That he is well ac-

the County of York, through Sedbcrgh, to Kirkby Kendal, quainted with the Road from Deeping Saint James Stone

in the said County of Westmoreland: And that Mr. Up- Bridge to Peter's Gate in Stamford, and from thence to ton, Mr. Daniel Lafcelles, Sir James Lotcther, Sir George the South End of the Town of Morcot:

Savile, Mr. Shuttleworth, and Mr. Reynolds, do prepare. That the said Road leads through a fenny Country,

and bring in, the fame. and is extremely deep and dangerous; and cannot be

repaired by Hit* ordinary Methods prescribed by Law;

Haftlden Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee to whom and that, if the said Road was repaired, it would lower the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, the Price of Coals, and extend the Trade of tlieCoun-Ro*d Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in, try in general.

and near, the Road leading from the White Bolt, on a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for certain Place called H of Mens Wood, in the Parish of repairing and widening the Road from James Deeping Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent, to, and through, a Stone Bridge to Peter s Gate in Stamford, in the County certain Street, called Milk hoij'eStreet, in the said Parish of Lincoln; and from thence to the South End of the cf Cranbrooke;and from thence to, and through, acer- Town of Morcot, in the County of And that

tain Lane, called Chappel Lane, in the said Parish; and Mr. George Bridges the Lord Carysfort, and

from thence to Golford Green, in the said Parish; and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

from thence to, and through, the Town of Tenterden,

in the said County of Kent;and from thence to the White Mr. Cooke prefen ted to the House, according to Or- Regulation

Hart in Reading Street, in the Parish of Ebony, in the der, a Bill to prevent Thefts, and Frauds, which are

said County of Kent; and from thence down a Lane, frequently committed by Persons navigating the Boats tn called BrewhotifeLane, in the said Parish of Ebony, to the commonly called Bum J3oats, and other Boats and Vef- Tiam«.

First Bridge in the Road leading to Appledore, in the said fels, upon the River Thames: And the same was re-County of Kent; and a!so, from the Bull Inn, in Milk-ceived; and read the First Time. house Streetaforesaid, to the Market House in the Town Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time,

of Biddenden, in the said County; and from thence to

CajHt 'den'sOak, in the said Parish of Biddenden; and also Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, accord* Barrowby

from Goldford Green afore fail I to Tanners I'entfm the lJa- ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, and inclosing, feve- Indolure. rijli of Benenden, in the said County of Kent; and also, ral Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Grounds, in the Parish in the County of

thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and others, Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First being Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Land, Time.

in the several Marl lies, called Walland Marsh, Romney RThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marsh, GuldefordMarsh, and De/ige Marsh, in the Coun-

ty of Kent, and other Places thereto adjoining; were fe- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Cleobury rerally referred; 'That the Committee had examined the thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Priors Mortimer, Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to Ditton, in the County of Salop, was presented to the report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards informed, that a Petition hath been presented, praying, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the Road was read; and is as followeth; viz. leading from the in the County of Salop,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition*, Mr. . to Cleobury North, in the same County; and letting James llqffenden said, That he knows the Roads leading - forth,’That the Hoad leading from the IlouJ'es

from the Places aforesaid; and that they are in a ruinous aforesaid to Priors Ditton is very ruinous, and, in mauy Condition, and, in many Plaee.s, narrow, and incom- Places, narrow; and cannot be repaired by* the Laws in morfious for Travellers and Carriages; and cannot be being: And therefore praying, That the said lait men-effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by tioned Road may be included in the Bill intended to be the ordinary Course of Law. brought in.

George Stapley confirmed the Evidence given by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-James llqffenden. sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, whose Names

repairing and widening the Road leading from the are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do White Polt in Hafclden Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrook, examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the to Appledore Heath, in the Parish of Appledore, in the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

County of Kent: And that Mr. Whitworth, the Lord

Midleton, Mr. Knight. Sir Wyndham Knatchbuli Wynd-

Vol. 2(f. Zz A Pe-

i'8a

18° Februarii

Chippenham

Roads.

A Petition of the several Trustees of the Road lead* ing from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester,

commonly called the Sodbury Road, and of the Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees of the said Road have taken up at Interest the Sum off. 1,200, which remains wholly unsatisfied;

and that the Tolls of the said Road are not, at this Time, sufficient to pay the Interest of the said Sum, and the Charge of repairing the said Road; and alleging, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a

1762.

Saltash, in the County of Cornu all, without any Amendment: And a!so.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A:i Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from to

cott in the Moors; and from WHocks to Tran, in the said County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Bill lor amending, and rendering more effectual, an for naturalizing Wolffe, Esquire, commonly called

Act, made in the 29th of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the

Parishes of Pucklechurchand Mangotsfield, in the County of Gbucefier, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts;and from Pucklechurch aforesaid to

certain Coal Mines in the said Pari Ih; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that there are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill which may injure the Tolls of the Sodbury Hill Turnpike, and the Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render

more effectual, an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amend- of proper Methods for the better paving, enlightening, ing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from - and cleaning the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch of the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Chris- Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint

tian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also, George the Martyr, Saint George that Part of

from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, which lies in the

the said Parish, is committed; and that the Petitioners County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of upon their said Petition, if they think fit. which lies in the county of :

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Mr.

same Time, in Pavour of the said Bill, against the said field. Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Petition.

Baron Wolffe, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Metivier, without any’ Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Repinderwithout any Amend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Establishments of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of the Militia of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, that are now embodied.

ci

Army; h

Wffiny ifi

and ff

Dcfcuiou. ( fl

Sandon, i

&c. Road. ,1 f

+ Vi

w

W.lffc’s

Nat. J!< »i»

Metivier’*

Nat.; 1 cf

Reorder ?$ I the

Nat. ' oft

Up*

Mlkia. - con mr.

],"K the,

foiii

road

Westminster

Suceu

Bolton Ordered, That Mr. Legh do make the Report from in the Moors the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and wi-Road. dening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moores to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golborne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge; and from the said Guide Post to Winwick , and from

Mr. Nugent, I^ord Strange, Mr. Popham, Lord Midic-ton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Sir Charles

Mor Air. Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sir

Ellis Mr. Bacon, Mr. Webb, Air.

Lord Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Mawbey, Lord North, Mr. Sir George

Savile, Mr. llorrywand, Mr. Air. Prozcfe, Air.

W Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cud, Mr. Knight, Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in Mr. Air. Samuel Martin, Lord George Cavendish,

the County Palatine of Lancaster; was committed. Mr. Harris, I-ord John Cavendish, Mr. Frazer, Sir Mr. Legh accordingly reported from the said Com- Bichard Warwick Bampfylde Air. Parker, Sir Francis mittee, That the Committee had examined the Allega- Poole, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lord Cams-

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and fort, Mr. St. John, Mr. Legh, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Co-that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ventry, Mr. Air. Grant, Mr. Fane, Lord Gage,

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Air. Air. Air.

directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Air. Shaflo, Lord Clive, Ai r Sir John

Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, Griffin Griffin, Mr. , Mr. Legge, Mr. Staunton, Sir with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Robert Ladbt oke, Mr. Alderman Lord George

the Amendments were once read throughout; and then Air. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mitchell, Dr. Hay,

a Second Time, one by one , and, upon the Question Air. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chelnynd, Mr. severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments bert. Sir John Rice, Lord Harry

Mdj

Ltd

«x

rat

4:pi

nsi

J!

« 1

fbi

»r

1

p

Ii

4

11

StU»(U

Road).

to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Aleffage from the Lords, by Air. and Air*

Graves:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of

18

Air. Berkeley, Lord Dungarvon, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mackenzie, Colonel Air. Bagot, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Elliot, Mr: Mr,

Vane, Mr. ICi/hhc, Atr. Lascelles , S\

Air. White, Admiral Cotes, Mr. West, Colonel Hotham,

Air. Wedderburn, Lord TitcMr. Clive, Lord Malpas, Mr. Onglexi, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Cooke, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lockhart, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Walpole, Lord Brudexiell, Sir Wyndham Knatchbxdl Wyndham&rWilliam Bdkerlsu'William BeauchumpProc-for, LordVei'ney, the Lord Alayor of Lo/idoH, Commodore

Keppel:

i*JL

Si-;

2 Geo. III.

18* — 19* Februarii.

183

Iflfflnngt.

mmtof

Sttoco

Lift (rf Naval Hal-pay OScen.

Price of

had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have Leave to fit again.

That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Vtiieris 1 19* die Februarii;

Annb a* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Philip Schumacher was read a Second Time;

That the Bill be committed to Mr; Jarril , Mr. Bydc, Mr. OJbaldefon, Mr. Sir

Edfhund Isham, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Anfun, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Prttfe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Mr. Vane, Mr. Bagot, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hewett: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock^ in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Nicholas Brandt (which was presented to the House upon Wednesday lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time) be referred to the said Committee; Exportation of Spirituous Liquors to the Exportation and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual pre- if they think fit.

Keppel: And they are to meek this Afternoon, it Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they l»ave Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records; and to report their Opinion upon the Matter to them referred, from Time to Time, to the House; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed.

Rest bed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon XVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Half Pay Officers of His Majesty’s Navy, with the Dates of their respective Commissions, the Times of their being iaft employed, and of their being put upon I lalf Pay.

to°«g Beer, cording to Order, a Rill to prevent Vexatious Proceed ings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with re-fpost to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better Teeming the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisiorls relative to the

Mftmtto

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Town* ship of Ajion upon Trent, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

venting the re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum,

Shipped for Exportation as Merchandize: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Bo- Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. lluller, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pop-rough of A/kburton, in the County of Devon; ham, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

7’heCounfel were called in Hume, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Mr. Shiffiver, Mr. Mr. Ai-

A»d then they were directed to withdraw. derman Dickinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

The House was informed. That Laurence Su'ivan, , Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mr.

Esquire, desires to withdraw his Petition, complaining mius, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Morion, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fane, of an undue Rection and Return for the said borough. Mr. Hewett-, and all the Members who serve for the

The House was also informed, That the Freeholders Counties of Derby, Leicester, Lincoln, Nottingham, Staf-of the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, ford, Warwick, and And they are to meet

whose Names are subscribed to a Petition, presented to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s this House, on behalf of tljemselves and the other Free- Chamber, holders, having Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, com- A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Borough, desire to withdraw their said Petition. Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual re-

Ordered, That the said Laurence Sulivan be at Liberty pairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County to withdraw his said Petition. of Hertford, to Barley and Royston; and for making the

Ordered, That the said Freeholders be at Liberty to said Acts more effectual; was read a Second Time.

Schuibaehfcr*t

Nat*

Alton

incloljir?*

WadefmiH Sc c. Roads.

withdraw their said Petition.

Afcrfon NinianPinkney was, according to Order, brought to the Bar, where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to he discharged out of Cufiody, paying his Fees.

Militia

Law,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, anti reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they Vot. 29.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bydc, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Parka-, Sir Charles Mar-

daunt, Mr. Hume, Sir John Gibbons, Mr Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jennings, Mr. L.owndes, Mr^ Mitchell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Midleton, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger Mr. Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Toumshend, Mr. Mawbey-, and all the Mem-

bers who serve fbrlhe Counties of Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bagot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Kelfoll, in the County of to Qrofs;

and from thence over Burnhill Green, by

the Two New Inns; and to a Place called High Gate

Warren,

Ktlfall,

Sec.

Rosdl.

Wyndham’j

Abates*

Dumfries Two Penies Scots.

184

19® Februarii:

A. 176.2.

Warren, in the County of Si afford: And the same was trates and Council to the respective Uses aforesaid-, ac-‘ t- t'- cording to the Directions of the said Act.

And by the last Account, settled by the said Over-seers upon the 22d Day of May 1761, it appeared ttiat the Disbursements laid out by the Magistrates and Council, for discharging the public Debts of the Borough, and for carrying on the Buildings and other public Works of the fame, did exceed the Net Produgp of.

received; and read the I'irftTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bcnmtun reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of WithamFnary, Marflon, or Nanny,

in the County of Somerset, deviled and limited by the the said Duty upon Ale and Beer, as fecejve.4,.W the

M ill of Sir William Wyndham, Baronet, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses (except as therein mentioned) was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee to whom the- Petition of Robert Maxwell,

Magistrates and Council, from the Coinmepgement inf the aforesaid Act, till the 5th of July 1.760, by the Sum of 3,153?. 5*. 4 jfi/. Sterling; and that the Ma-giftr&tes and Council, for Behoof of the Town, 1 were Creditors on the said Duty, for the above Svm, which could not be otherwise satisfied than by obtaining frotp Parliament a Continuation of the said Duty for a further Term of Years.

And by another Account, settled by the said Over-seers upon the 2 2d of May 1761, it appeared that the Receipts of the Duties upon Goods and Merchandize, and the Tonnage upon Shipping, from the Commencement of the said Act, till the 5th of July 1760, did exceed the Disbursements laid out in building a Ilar- Esquire-, Provost, Ebenezor Ifepburn, William Denholm, hour, and in other Works for improving the Naviga-

and William Bell, Bailies, Joseph Dicljbn, Dean, and John Maxwell, Treasurer, of the Town of Dumfries, for

themselves, and in the Name of the Town Council, and Community of the fame, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-, port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agents for the Petitioners produced and laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament passed in the 3d Year of the . Reign of his Majesty King George the First, whereby

tion of the said Pory during the above Period, by the Sum of 52/. io.r. 6T?.d. Sterling, which remained of Balance in the Hands of the Magistrates and Council, to be applied for the above Uses.

And the Agents for the Petitioners called George Clerk of Dumcriejf, Esquire, who being examined, in-

formed your Committee, That he was well acquainted with the River of Neith, and that the Harbour lately built by the Magistrates and Council, at a Place called Glencapple, Four Miles below Dumfries, has, by an Alteration of the Channel of the River, and by the , Shifting of the Sands, become inaccellible to »U. Shipping, and entirely useless; and that it will be necessary to.alter the Situation of the Harbour, and bring it higher up the River, to a Place were the Channel is narrower.

of the Community thereof, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that ihouhlbe vended and fold within the said Town and Privileges thereof, for paving the Debts , of the said Town, and for the other Uses therein meu-.. tioned, to commence from the First Day of June 1717, - -and to continue for the Term of 19 Years, and to the Fnd of the then next Session of Parliament:

.And also an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign

it appeared, that a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One and not subjoft to the like Change; and for this Pur - Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was granted to the Ma- pose it will be necessary to blow up foveral large Stones gistrates and Council of the said Borough, for the Use and Points of Rocks, ly ing in the Channel of the said .1 e r»- . < j^jver. ami though he cannot make an exact Ultimate

of the Expence of these new Works, yat he is certain that they will require a greater Capital than can be raised upon the Credit of the above Duties; and that it does not appear to him how the Ce Works can be carried on, unless these Duties are continued; by Parliament for a further Term.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill-, for of his late Majesty King George the 2d, whereby it continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed appeared, that the aforesaid Duty was continued from in the doth Year of his late Majesty King. the

the Expiration of the Act first above Tecited, for the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act passed Term of 25 Years, and to the End of the next Session in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty' King of Parliament, to be applied for paying the public George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, Debts of the said Town, and for carrying on the public or Oue Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint Works therein mentioned; and that certain other Du- of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the ties were by the said Act granted on all Goods, Mer-; Town of Dumfries and Privileges thereof, for paying clvandizes, and Wares, imported and exported, into the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and out of, the Port of the said Town, and on the and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on Tonnage of all Shipping which should arrive in the said 1 the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods import-Port, to continue during the same Term of Years, and ed and exported, into and out of, the Port of the said to be applied for and towards improving the Harbour Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour: and Navigation of the River of Nath, and for preserv- And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. .4taring the fame, and to no other Use. crombie.

And the Agents for the Petitioners alfu produced prepare,

Several Accounts, settled by the Overseers appointed . by the Act last above recited, duly extracted from the

Mr. RoJ's Mack}je, and Mr. do

and bring in, the fame.

'I

Ci.

r

K

' '«

' fe

’ it aw

1"in

: :t' iv t!

u

O'

V

Or

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of,

.Itecords of the Borough, and authenticated by the and Attleborough, in the County of Warwick, whole Subscriptions of the Town Clerks, and by the Common Names are thereunto l’ubscribed, on the behalf of them-Seal of the Borough , whereby it appeared, that the selves and others using the High Roads, therein after Several Duties granted upon Ale and Beer, fold within mentioned, was presented to the House, and read , AJ-the said Town, and also upon Goods and Merchandizes leging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Peti-imported and exported, into and out of, the said Port tion hath been presented to the House, for a Bill fov reef tfte said Town, and Tonnage upon Shipping arriving pairing and widening the Road from, the New Inn, in -in the said tort, had been duly, applied by the Magis- the Parish. of Burbach ,in the County of nd

-. ’ - other

BnrbacU

to

WitUcrlc' &c. ‘ Road*.

a Geo. III.

190 Februarii.

i85

other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and letting forth, That the Road from the North West End of Church Street., in Nuneaton, through Attleborough and Bramcctc Lanes, to JVolvey Heath, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Coiirfo of Law: And therefore praying*, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, from the North West End of Church Street, in Nuneaton, to JFolvei/ Heath aforesaid; and that no Turnpike may be erected between Nuneaton and Manchester Church, or upon any part of Nuneaton Common.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of JFancick and Lei-ccster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, refilling in and near the Places and Roads therein after mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Duke of The House was moved, in Pursuance of the Order of B-iegewatert Wednesday lall, That Leave be given to move the House Navigation this Day, to proceed further upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgezvater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longfo/ d Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lan-

at

Longford

Bridge

cajier, to the River MerJ'ey, at a Place called the Hemp- Supply granted to his Majesty;

and Ale; and for, the more elll-ftual preventing the Re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum shipped for Exportation as Merchandize; was read aSecond Time.

Reftlived.That the Hill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tin's House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land'l ax. upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1762:

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply.

Way,

and

Means.

.ji|

Trcgony 6 c. Road.

Jlones, in the Township of Hcdton, in the County of Chester, was committed, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Counsel may be further heard upon the said Report this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- ®uke °^.g fel, upon the Report which was made from the Com- Navieation mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Fran-

Billforrepairing and widening the Road from the Lojhvi- cis Duke of Bridgezvater to make a navigable Cut, or //nWTurnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the Coun- Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of ty of Cornwall, through Tregony, to RuanLanehorne;and ford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River

Navigation

at

Longford

Bridge.

from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South

Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in

the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

MerJ'ey, at a Place called the Hempfones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester, was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the said Bill proceeded, and exa-

unto; which they had directed him to report to the mined Mr. William TomkivJ'on, and produced Evidence, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- in Support of the said Bill.

Edinburgh

Writ.

Price of

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the Room of George Lind Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Conservator of the Privileges of the Scots Nation in the Netherlands, and Resident there for the Affairs of Scotland.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions, relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer

Vox.. 29.

And Objection being made to One of the Questions proposed to be put to the said Witness in the Course of his Examination by the House;

The said Witness, and also the Counsel on both Sides, were directed to w ithdraw.

A Motion w'as made; and the Question being put, that Mr. Tomkinfonbe allowed to be atked further Ques-

tions, touching the Expence of the former Navigation, made by the Duke of Bridgewater;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Sir George 7

1 elvers lor the \ eas, j Mr Alderman Bedford:$ 73

Tellers for the Noes, I 12o.

’ I Mr. Alderman Dickinson. \

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

3 A

185

a 2* Februanu

A.

Duke of

Iridocwaier's

Kjvigation

at

Longford

Bridge.

Luna, 2 2° die Februarii \

Anno 2° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

r\Rdered, That Leave he given to move the HonfeTo morrow, to proceerl upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of to make a

navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford , in the

Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River McrJ'ey, at a Place called the Hemp-

thence to the Guide Pol near Crjl’i true D and to the South End of Newton Bridge; and from the said Guide

Poll to Winzcick; and from by Barr to

the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of c after.

Ordered, That Mr. Lcgh do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynaftcnprefrnted to the House according to rrincrthwp*

Order, a Bili for dividing and inclosing the Open and hwlofure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pad tires,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands within

the Hamlet and Liberties of Priuccthin the Tow 11-

Teefe

Bridge

at

Stockton.

fanes, in the Townlltip of Halloa, in the County of shipandPariflt upon Dunfuwre, in the Coun-

Chester, was committed, after Two of the Clock. ty of If a: And the same w as received; and read

the Fit ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at or near the Ferry in the Pari fn of Stockton, in the County of Durham, was read a Second TiVne.

Resolved, That the Billbecommitted to Mr. Vane, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bull, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. nafton, Mr Wilkinson, Mr. Howard, Lord John Caven-

dish, Mr. Harris, Sir Francis , Mr. Sir

George Savile, Mr. Brndenell, Sir Edward U’inning!on,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Eger ion , M r. Coveu-

try, Mr. Buller, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pennant, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyn; and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Durham, land, Northumberland, York, Cumberland, and caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fishcton

Bridge

Road.

A Bill to amend and render more efTeftaal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherlon Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Wi Hough by Hedge, in West; and from

Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of HeyteJbunj , and also the Road from the Turnipke Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts; was read a Second Time.

Ref tlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harris o{Suli(bury, M.r. Montagu, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr nant,\jord John Cavendish, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Smith, Sir Alexander Gibnour, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Brndenell, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Bull, Mr. fane, Mr. Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. RobinJ'on, Sir Charles , Mr.

Holt, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Edward Winning!on, Mr. Bacon, Lord Put/eney, Mr Townshend, Mr. Lane, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Grant, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerj'et, and D.orfet: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according lo Order, a Bill for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Mcjcliy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Secenoaks to IVondj'gate and Tunbridge Wells ;and from to

Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for lvnairingthi; Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Pound and Pullen s Hill, in the said County; and lo FlimwellI Jut, in the County; as reid'.es lo the

amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipping's C/r/.v aforesaid, lo Lumber-huvjl Pound, Pullen’s Hill, and Vent aforesaid:

And the same was received; and read the Eirli lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scimoiki

to

Tunbrkige

&c.

u

y.i

fr

a

iiifl

£/.

Lm

liu

iiie

ith

1 if* i'\ {)

U!

11

IK.:

j,r.

h

:.!v

Lancfcester

inclosure.

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Middlewood Moor, or UJIunv Moor within the Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Dur-h am: And the same \va* received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

and widening the

Bolton An ingrossed Bill for repairing \nthe Moores Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moores, Road. to Leigh; and thence to the Guide Post near Golborne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge \ and from the said Guide Post to IVinwick; and from Neio ton, by Parr Stocks, to the Gnide Poll in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster *, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoads from a certain Place near Bolton in (he Moores, to Leigh; and *6

Sir Wyndham Knalclibull Wyndham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clcrgv, Freeholders, principal Inhabitants, Farmers, and Tradesmen, of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Inhabitants, ami Fanners, living in, near, and usually travelling, the Roads therein after mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him lo report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s "Fable: \Yliere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petit ion, Mix William Dyne said, That tine Road from the Great Post Road, near Fcversham, lo the Tow n and Port of ilythe; and also the Road from the Market Place in the Town of Ashford, to a Place called Kcmp9s Corner, in the Pa-riih of Boughion Alnph; and from thence to the City of Canterbury; are in a ruinous Condition, aval in many Places very narrow; and cannot be properly amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Mr John Ilall confirmed the foregoing Evidence, as to the Hoad from Ashford to Ilythe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Feicr/ham9 through Ashford, to the Port of Ilythe; and from the Corn Market House in Ashford, to Kemps Corner, in the Parish of Bough f on A Infill; and by a Pi ace ealhd Billing, through the Parishes of Godmeijhum and Util-ham, in the County of Kent, to the City of Canterbury: And that Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fever Hum &c.

Itjad.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barron'by, in the County of Lincoln, was ivad a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Lord John Cavendish^lr. Montagu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Tom:

farrrwb'

UclouJtt

fh

enus

Cha

! <\

ir

iw

G.

2 Geo. III. 22° Feb marii. 187

Cllarks Mofdaunt, M v.SMr. Clive, Mr

1 ord Midleton, Mr Pa ter fan, Lord Garlics, Mr. Bader, Mr. Gray, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr.

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Jennings, Sir Cunliffe, Mr.

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Mr. Sir

Charles Kemys Tunic, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edward IVin-hington, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Wiij'on, Mr. Vernon, Sir W

and all the Members who serve lor the Counties oiLincoln, Leiecjler, Nottingham, Derby, and York: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Frttmen A Petition of the Lord Maj or and Commonalty of of the City of York, in Common Council assembled, was Wtoce"* presented to the House, and read; taking Nolice of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, for a Bill for admitting Freemen of the said City, as competent Witnesses on Trials in which the Corporation of that City is concerned; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, as the Inconvenience mentioned in the said Petition afieftsall the Cities and Towns Corporate in England, as well as the City of London, it would be of great public Utility if the same was remedied by a general Law: And therefore praying the House to make fuel) general Regulation therein, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Srgyinj Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Commit-<i>t tee, appointed to examineand consider the Laws now raMirktc. in Force relating to the Buying and Selling of Fill), and by what Means the Cities of London and Westminster may be better and cheaper supplied with Fill); and to report their Opinion thereupon from Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Refutations, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as lollowet!); viz.

The Committee have, in Pursuance of the Order of the House, peruferl and considered of the several Acts of Parliament following; that is to say;

An Act passed in the gth and 6th Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Regrators, Forestallers, and EngrolTers; also, an Act passed in the 5th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Ilulbandry, and Apprentices; also, an Act passed in the said 5th Year of the said Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act touching politic Constitutions for the Maintenance of the Navy; also, an Act passed in the 39th Year of the said Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners, and for Maintenance of the Navigation, repealing a former Act made in the 23d Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, bearing the same Title; also an Act, passed in the 10th and 1 ith Wars of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fi£h; also, an Act passed in the First Year of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fill), taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fit!); and for the giving Leave to import Loblters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England i also an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fill) in the City o

minster, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fill) under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; also, an Act Vol. 29,

passed in the 29th Year of King George the Second, in- Supplying tituled. An Act for explaining, amending, and render- JUaxJteis ing more effectual an Act made in the 22.1' Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Wefi-minfer, and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fill), and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; also, an Act passed in the 33d Year of King George the Second; intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the 29U1 Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, concerning a free Market for Fish at as requires Fiffimnen to enter their Fiftiing Vessels at the Cilice of the Searcher of the Customs at Gravesend, and to regulate the Sale of Fish at the First Hand, in the Fish Markets in London and Westm and to prevent Salesmen of Fish buying Fish to fell again on their own Account; and to allow Brett and Turbot, Brill and Pearl, although under the respective Dimensions mentioned in a former Act, to be imported and fold; and to punidi Persons whodiall take or fell the Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Fid), unfizeable Fill), or Fish out of Season, or Smelts under the Size of Five Inches; and for other Purposes: Then,

John Blake Esquire produced to your Committee a Plan in Print, for supplying the Cities o and

Wcfrr.insler with Sea and other Fish, to be brought by Land Carriage from the different Coaffs of this Kingdom, from whence such Fill) is not now brought in any considerable Quantity for the Supply of the said Cities, in Machines to be for that Purpose conffrufted, and to be drawn by Horses in pairs; a Model of which Machine lie also produced to your Committee; and which Plan was considered of by the Committee.

And to ffiew the Difficulties which occurred against the said Plan being carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament, the said Mr. Blake laid before your Committee the Opinions given by the right honourable Sir Charles Pratt Knight, whillt be was His Majesty’s Attorney General, on Two Cafes laid by the said Mr.

Blake before him, relating to the Buying and Selling Fill); and whether the Machines deligned to bring up. such Fish as aforesaid, for the Supply of the Cities of London and Westminster, could be allowed to travel on

Turnpike Roads with Horses in pairs and with Wheels under the Breadth of Nine Inches.

And the said ?vlr. Blake being afterwards examined, it appeared to your Committee from his Examination, that the Machine intended to he nfrd as aforesaid, will be considerably lighter than a Poll Cliaife, and will in every Respect travel as well, the Weight of the Body being 1 cud.zrjrs. 17 lb.and the said Machine, from

Ax to Ax, measures only Six Feet Nine Inches, and will carry Baskets and Ten hundred Weight of Fill), more or less, at a Time.

That it is proposed, That, at such Parts of the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom where there is he great) ft plenty of Fish, proper Agents Hia.ll be employed and that, when the Fish is brought a-lliorc by the Fi/lier-men, upon the Beach, or otherwise, every one may be at Liberty to bid for the fame; and that sufficient Quantities of the Fish which shall lie there brou ght, shall, from Time to Time, be loaded in the Carriages, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose lent there; and which Carriages shall be forthwith dispatehed to the Places to which the same shall be consigned, where the Fish shall be forked; and from thence shall be font to the different Places where the same is to be sold; and by this Me-

thod of Conveyance, Fish, as the Witness apprehends, may be sent to the moil interior Parts of the Kingdom.

And the Witness further said. That it is proposed toap-point what Houses upon the several Roads the Carriages shall change their Horses at; and that the Occupiers of such Houses will be charged to give Dispateh to fuel*

Carriages

Supplying

the

Fish Markets.

Price of Strong Beer.

Wigtown tied ion.

188 22° — 23*

Carriages; and that such Carriages may be drawn Six Miles an Hour, and have a Return of fresh Filli every Five Hours; and that it would be proper to inflict a Penalty on the Drivers of suchCarriages who shall carry Passengers, Goods, or other Things, except Fish, therein.

And being asked the Question, he said, the Expence of each such Carriages as aforesaid will amount to about

£ 39-

\\ hereupon your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bringing of Fish by Land Carriage to the Cities of London and Westminster, will contribute to the more plentiful Supply of the Markets there with Fish, and reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, whether brought up in the Trade of a Fishmonger or not, ought to be at Liberty to buy Fish in any Parts of Great Britain, to sell the same again, and

to carry the Fish they shall so buy as they shall think fit, and without Lett orlnterruption, by Land Carriage or otherwise, to the Cities of London or Westminster, or any other Place, to be sold again; under proper Reflric-tions and Regulations against Regrating, Forestalling, and Engrossing thereof; and also touching the Selling thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Carriages which shall be used to carry Fitli as aforesaid, may be permitted to be drawn on Turnpike Roads, by a certain Number of Horses, although the Wheels of such Carriages shall be under the Breadth of Nine Inches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Carriages to be employed in the Bringing of Fish to the Cities of London and , or else-

vvliere, be put under proper Regulations and Restrictions, as to their travelling on Turnpike Roads, and the Weight of Filli to be carried therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such Fish Carriages ought to be marked on the Outside thereof; and that such Carriages may be permitted tobedrove on the Roads on Sundays or Holidays, and under proper Restrictions, to prevent Drivers thereof carrying Passengers , or any Game or other Things, except Fish, therein.

The And Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Alderman Mr.

worth, Sir Edward Turner, A , Mr. Loivndes,

and Mr. Hanbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions, relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the Re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation, as Merchandize; be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committea.

Ordered, That James Murray Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 20th Day of November last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, be discharged.

Februarii. A. 17

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown, in the room of John Hamilton Esquire, who, fmee his Election for the fail Shire, hath accepted the Ollice of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sajfex.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they hud made a further Progress in the B.il; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tlr.irfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Thomas Scr Esquire be at Liberty

to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 230 dieFebruarir>

Anno 20 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

Pra y e xs.

MYi. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Pieces, or Parcels, of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Town Hill and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Sioanfea, in the County of Glamorgan, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Order made upon Thursday last, "That Leave be given to bring in " a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading " from the White Pott i nHafeldWood, in the Parish " of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, in the Parish of " Appledore, in the County of Kent

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Poll on Hafelden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Cajlleden's Oak, in the Parish of Biddendenand from Golf ord Green, in the said Parish of to

Tamers

Wigtown

Writ.

Militia

Laws.

Lincoln

Election.

Saranfea

Inclosure,

Hifclden

Wood

&c.

Road.

'i Geo. III. 230 Februa. 189

Tanners Vent, in the Parish of all in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Mr. , the Lord Midleton, Mr. Fairfax, and Sir bidl Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Plu/nptre reported from the Committee, to whom e*i;«iufitr the Petition of the Veftmnen, and other Inhabitants of 1W. the Pari I h o (Sain t Jo mes, wit bin the Liberty im infer,

whose Nam* s are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vefirymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tablet where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Lamb, being examined, said, That thcParith of Saint James is very large and populous, and contains upwards of So Streets, befnles Two Squares, and many Courts and Passages, and about 3,500 Houses.

Mr. John Rujtut, One of the Veliry Clerks of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the Poor entitled to Relief out of the Monies raised by the Poor’s Rates, amount, one Year with another, to about 1,100; and that the Assessments made for their Relief amount annually, upon a Medium, to 6 or 7,000 or thereabouts.

That, for several Years pad, only Four Persons have annually been nominated to the Office of Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, whose Duty it is to collect the Poor’s Rates quarterly, and to relieve, employ, and take care of the Poor; and that, from the Extent and Variety of Affairs belonging to their Office, as Overseeds, it is not possible for them to execute it in a proper Manner, although they should employ their whole Time in their Office.

Mr. John Wood, One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. liujlat, and said, That it would be of great Advantage to the Parish if other Provisions were made for the Relief, Employment, and taking care of the Poor, than are contained in the Laws now in being.

Peter Leicis Perrin, F.squire, Mr. Robert Davis, Mr.

Luke Pike, and Mr. Richard Norris, being severally examined, said. That the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in general, within the said Parish, are, from the Negligence of the Rakers and Scavengers, become a great Nuifatiee to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, audalfo to pafllngers; and that, if Provision w as made for itn-powering the Vestry to contract with proper Persons, annually, to cleanse the said Streets, instead of appointing Scavengers, as they now do, they do apprehend the Streets would be much better cleansed than they are at present, and the Nuil’ances complained of would be prevented.

I lieu an Act, passed in the 2cth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement made by the Rector and Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster,

for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was rend: whereby it appeared that several Sums of Money, rateable by Law on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, are directed to be paid out of t he Monies collected for the Relief of the Poor, for the Purposes therein particularly mentioned: And,

Mr. Rufat further said, That, if the Monies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, and making the Payments directed by the said Act, and for cleansing the Streets in the said Parish, were to be affclled annually, in Two diffinct Assessments, and entered in Two diffinft Columns in One Book, the Collection thereof would be much ea.fier; and would also be a great Advantage to the said Parish.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Yol. 29.

better Relief and Lmployment of the Poor, and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes; and other Passages and Places in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of West m infer:And that Mr. Plum pi re, Mr. Glover,

the Lord Pultenetf, and General Cornwallis do prepare;

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bayntiln reported from the Committee, to whom Chippcnbtm

the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put ill Roads*

Execution an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Intituled An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, One made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George 1 lie Licit, and the other in the 17 th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge ;and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Road between the said Bridge and Linver Stanton, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hoofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petilion, Mr.

William Pinniger, being examined, said, That a eon ft-

derable Sum of Money has.been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which still remains unpaid; and that the greatest Part of the said Roads have been amended but of late have been greatly torn up and damaged by the excessive Weights carried in Waggons, and other Carriages, thereon.

That, in order to complete the Repair of the said Roads, and to defray the necessary Expences attending the Execution of the said Acts, and also to pay the Interest of the Money now due on the Credit thereof, it will be necessary to increase the Tolls to be taken upon the said Roads; and that several other Amendments are also necessary to be madeto the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 17th and 32d Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham and Chippenham Bridge, in the County of And that

Mr. Bayntum, Mr. Bacon, the Lord Mayor of London,

and Mr. Northey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the WeyhiU, Turnpike Road at WeijhilI,in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, In the County of Road. Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Bayn tun, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Lord Bateman, Mr. Rigby, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Shqf/o, Colonel Calcroft, Mr. Jennings, Lord Cary.fort,

Mr. Bull, Lord George Lenox, Mr. , General

Howard, Mr. Rebow, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Byde, Lord Thomond \Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Maynard,

Mr. Brut lenell, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Glover,

Sir EllisCmiliffie, Mr. Clive, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Edmonson, Lord Clive, Mr. Olmius, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Gray, Lord Macduff, Mr. Webb, Sir Matthew Featherjtonhaugh, Mr. Gore, Lord Gage, Mr.

Wynne, Lord Tilney, Sir Robert Long, General Cornwal-

lis, Sir John Mordaunt, Lord Newnhanl, Sir Henry Grey,

S\r Roger Mo/h/n, Sir Francis Vincent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton,

Berks, Somerset, Surrey, and Sufficx: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 B A Petition

0130 Februarii. .1762*

Se»ern A Petition of the Right reverend Jam fa Lord Bishop Majesty Queen Anne, the 3d Year of his late Majesty PAtlvs"8 of Worcester, the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley. King George the Fil'd, and the iith Year of'iiis laltt

U‘ the Right honourable Samuel Lord Sandy s, and of fevc- Majesty King George the Second, were severally read; ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, by the Fiill of which Arts it appeared, that fevered Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining to the Banks, Powers were granted to the Corporation of Liverpool?, on both Sides the River Severn, between Worcester Bridge and certain Duties laid upon Shipping in the said Port,

and Bewdley Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and for the Purposes expressed in the Act, which Duties*

also, of Persons going up and down the said River with except One Fourth Part thereof (which were made per-Boats and Barges, on behalf of themselves, and many petual) were to have Continuance from the 24 th of‘June other Persons ufrng the fame; waspresented to the House 1710, for the Term of 21 Years; and, by the Second- and read; Alleging, That the Petitionersapprehendthey mentioned Act, the said Temporary Duties and Powers shall be greatly injured by many of the Provisions in the were continued for the further Term of 14 Years; and Bill depending for making, and keeping in Repair, a that, by the lait-mentioned Act, the said Temporary Road or Passage on the Banks of the River Severn, be- Duties are further continued for 31 Years; and several tween Worcester Bridge and Bewdley Bridge, for Horses Powers were granted for the Enlarging the Wet Dock,

as well as Men, to draw and halo Vessels on the said and erecting a Pie'-: '1 hen.

River; and that Persons keeping Boats and Vesselson Mr. John Eyes, Surveyor, informed your Committee, the River will, under false Pretences, he charged with a That the l’evcrul Works, directed to he done by the said Tax, or l oll, contrary to an Act of the 23d Year of Acts, have been severally completed; and that great King Hemy the Eighth: And therefore praying the Advantage had aril'en to the Town of from

House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by the fame, in (lie Advancement of their Trade, and Se-themselves or Counsel, againfit so much of the said Bill curity of their Shipping; but that the Trade of the

as alfefts their Rights and Properties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instructiou to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Regulation A Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are freed questly committed by Persons navigating the Boats com-

on\he°atS monty Rum Boats, and other Boats and Vessels, Thamef. upon the River Thames, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowde/well, Mr. Mr. Legh,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Upton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Willy, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Child, Mr. Pennant, Lord Garlies, Mr. Smith, Mr. Glover, Mr. Ifoublon, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Bagot, Doctor Simpson, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ky naff on, Mr. Cvjl, Mr. Jones, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Major, Mr. Clive, Mr. Patcrfon, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Foj/er, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Vane-, and all the Members who forve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Sumy, Kent, and Sujex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Liverpool Sir EllisCunliffe, reported from the Committee to Harbour, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled; and also of several Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships and Vessels, trading to and from the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; and of the Inhabitants of the said Town, whose common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradestnen, Owners oi Vessels, and Inhabitants of the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancoster-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Mutter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fume, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, t lie several Acts of the 8th Year of her late

said Town has, of late Years, very much increased: That, in consequence of this Increase of Trade, the Merchants have been induced to build much larger Vessols than heretofore, and which require so great a . Draught of Water that they are ofren obliged to unlade their Goods before they can get into the Docks, there not being a sufficient Depth of Water to carry them in, except upon the Height of Spring Tides; and that there is a Neeeflity of building a new Dock, with proper Piers, and other Accommodations, capable of admitting Ships of greater Burthen, which is very practicable; a Plan whereof he produced to your Committee:

That he has surveyed the Coast, for a great Distance, on both Sides; and that the Navigation into the Harbour is very dangerous, occasioned by the many shifting Sands at the Mouth thereof; that frequent Accidents happen to Shipping, which the Witness apprehends might in a great Measure he prevented, if Light-houses were erected, or floating Lights placed in a proper Manner.

Mr. William Hutcliinfon, Dock Master of

being examined, said, That the present Docks are in-sufficient for the Shipping using the said Port; and that they cannot get Births for discharging their Ships:

That the Ships are now built 1b large, that they cannot get into the Dock; and that it is necessary to build a Dock capable of receiving Ships of greater Burthen:

That many Accidents have happened to Shipping at the Mouth of the said Harbour, for Want of Light-houses, or moving Lights; and that the present Duties are insufficient for building the necessary Docks and Works; and that there is no Fund applicable to the Building of Light-houses, or defraying the Expence of Lights.

Mr. Joseph Valens, being examined, said, That he had been Receiver of the Dock Duties at Liverpoole upwards of 30 Years; that a new Dock, with proper Piers and Works, and also a Light-house, or moving Lights, are very much wanted; hut that he apprehends the Amount of the present Duties are insufficient to answer the Expence of such new Works; and that no Money can be applied for a Light-house or Lights, by virtue of the present Acts of Parliament.

Mr. John Eyes, being further examined, said, That the Navigation within the Limits of the Port of Liverpoole, has of late Years been very much obit rafted by laving down Yards or Coups for Fish, 225 of which the Witness saw on the Lancq/hirc Side of the said Port, and

40 on the Cheshire Side; that the said Machines (a Model of which he produced to your Committee) are calculated to destroy the Fishery, being so con ft rafted, that it i3 impossible even for a Shrijnp to escape out of them:

That many Cheverons have been erected for the

Purpose

' 1 Geo. III.

i 30 Febf

i9t

Purpose of profcrving or gaining t.and oti each Side of the River, which greatly obstruct the Navigation, cause Eddies, and prevent Vessels from turning about;

Mr. Thomas Ward informed your Committee, That he navigates a Sloop between Liverpoole and Band Key, near Warrington, and that there is very great Water Carriage between those Two Places; that there are many Obstructions to the said Navigation, occaliotted by the Fill) Yards, particularly near Gar fiat where the Vitness was like to have been loft; and that there are other Obstructions of the like Kind on both Sides the River, as far as Runcorn; that he thinks there are 60 or 70 Cheverons erec ted on both Sides the River, within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of gainingor preferring Land, which are very great Obstrulft ions'o the Navigation, the River being very narrow at Low Water; and they are built out into the heft of the Water; and the Channel being narrow, they form Eddies, and hinder the Vessels from working; that he has ft ruck upon thefeC'heve-rons many rimes, and has seen 3 or Vessels funk by them:

That the said Pith Yards are very destructive to the Fishery, as well as dangerous to the Navigation t for that he has counted above oco of the small Fry of Fifti taken out of One of them at a Time.

Mr. Henry Mart, Pilot and Fisherman, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the River Mersey-, and that he had tiled the Method of fithing with Fifti Yards for Seven Years; and, during that Time, taken great Quantities of small Fry of Cod and Whitings, from Three to Five Incites long; that he apprehends thi- Method of fishing is very destructive to the Fifttery, for that he believes that sometimes not less than 3000 Weight a Dav is destroyed by this Means; that he grounds this Opinion from the Number of Fifti Yards in the River, and the Fifti destroyed in One; that he apprehends the Number destroyed in each Fifti Yard to be pretty near alike, and that persons feed their Flogs and Ducks with the small Fry:

That the Fifti Yards obstruct the Course of the River, being set at Low Water in Rows, where they collect Sand; that the Course of the Channel near the Rocks called Red Noses, is not so good as it used to be, which lie imputes to the Fifti Yards fixed there; that they never remove them after they are once fixed, but, if they, are sanded up, they let them go to Ruin.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition;

Mr. George Robin fort, being examined, said. That he has seen many Obstructions in the River Mersey, between Warrington ami Liverpool;, and that many Vessels have been damaged in that PaHuge; and he gave a particular Instance of Mr. Fatten and Company, who have loft, at Two several Times, to the Amount of One thousand Pounds; and added, that it would be a very great Advantage to the said Navigation, if the several Obstructions were removed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

" Forcontinuingfeveral Acts relating to the Harbour of n Liver poole; and for enlarging the said Harbour, by " making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there, and for enlightening the " said Dock and for erecting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of Lverpoole: And that Sir Ellis Cun life. Sir Francis Vincent, and Sir William. Meredith, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from KeJ'all, in the County of to

and from thence, over BurnhiU Green, Budge Heath, by the Two new Inns, and to a Place called Hrghgate

Vol. 29.

Warren, in the County of Stafford; w as read a Second Time.

lufcEed, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Bagot, Si r John Ajlley, Mr. i.utirel!, Mr. Sir William

Meredith, Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rigby ,\h.Gore, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. D. ivdijicell, Mr. Shuttle-

Worth, Sir John Griffin Grifin.Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Mr. Brudclicll, Mr. Child, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bayntnn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Nor they. Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Roger Mojtyn, Mr. Parker, Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fane, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of and Worcester-, and for the Principality of Wales: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 2S1I1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County of and for extending and improving the said Navigation; And the same was received; and read the Firli i ime.

BcfUvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Pulieney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the i’arish of Priors Ditton, in the County of Salop-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and-is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr Charles Holland, being examined, said. That the Road from Cleobury Mortimer, through the Wall

Town, and through the Parishes of and Glazely, by the Cross to and

from the said Cross houses on the one Side to Cleobury North, and on the other Side to the Liberties of Bridge-north, in the County of Salop; and also from Cleobury Mortimer, through Milfon and Spirtree Lane, in the Parish of Burford, to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tew bury, in the County of Worcester are in a

ruinous Condition; anti in many Places narrow' and incommodious; and cannot be repaired and widened by the p re lent Methods prescribed by Law.

Mr. Thomas Witf/Ay confirmed theaforegoing Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition Mr. Charles Holland and Mr. in-

formed your Committee, That the Road leading from CrofsHuufes to Priors Ditton, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer to Morvill-, and from the Cross Houses to Cleobury North and Priors Ditton, in' the County of Salop; and from Cleobirry to the

Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tcnbury, in the County of Wavcester: And that the Lord Pulteney, Sir John Ajlley, Mr. Bayntnn, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Comrfiittee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavijlockto Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Sankey

Brook,

Navigation.

Cleobury

Mortimer,

kr.

Roads.

Tariff ock Roads.

Marine

Forces.

Base’s

Name.

Halifax

Water-works.

Bukeof

Bridgewater’s

Navigation

at

Longford

fridge.

192 2 3*- — 240

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: Aud several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingr oiled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Hase, Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster > to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hemp-Jiones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester, was committed;

The House was moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to proceed further upon the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of LancafieVy to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hempfioncs, in the Township of Haltoiiy in the County of Chester, was committed, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Counsel may be further hetord upon the said Report this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the said Bill proceeded, and examined several other Witnesses in Support of the said Bill.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Friday next, to proceed further upon the said Report, after Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Februarii. 1762.

Mercurii, 240 die Feb

Anno 20 Georgii IIP11 Regis* 1762.

PfcAYERS.

A Petition of Samuel Walkery in Behalf of himself, Dun.

and Aaron Walker, Jonathan Ualkery and John av, fcaU01 CrajhaiCy Renters and Occupiers of certain Mills, situate upon a Stream of Water called the Holme Coil, iiliiing from the River Dun, in the County of lorky was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioner is informed, that a Petition has been prefen ted to the House, from the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the said River, complaining of Acts done by the Petitioner and his laid Partners, to the Prejudice of the said Navigation; and that the Petitioner, and the other Renters and Occupiers aforesaid, his Partners, apprehend themselves authorized to carry on all such Works as they have made, for the better carrying on th

Iron Manufacture; and representing to the House, that a Suit at Law is now depending, between the Agents of the said Proprietors and ihe Petitioner and his Partners, concerning Acts done by the said Proprietors or their j

Servants, which the Petitioner conceives were prejudicial to the Petitioner and his said Partners; and that the Petitioner and Partners conceive they shall be greatly injured if an Aci should pals pursuant to the Piaycr of the said Petition: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by himself, or Counsel, against the Palling of such an A6h

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Duny under their Common Seal, i* referred; and that the Petitioner be heard by himself, or his Counsel before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, upon the said Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun> under their Common Seal.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Swantwrne the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosur* Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Swanburne, in the County of Bucks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madq several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by Onfe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were a<n-eed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom ^chumacW i the Bill for naturalizing Philip Schwnacher was com- and mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allega- Brandi’s tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Nat* had considered the Petition of Nicholas Brandt, to them referred; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Peport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Amendments

Fisherton Bridge RosSO.

R,e

Harbour.

a Geo. III. 24° — a50 Felruariu 193

ments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossedv

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherto Bridge to the Turn-r

pike Road at Willoughby Hed, in and,

from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnr pike Road at the Top of Red Hone , in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of

Fisherton Street, in the County of was, presented

to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending, to amend and render more effectual the said Act j and representing to the House, thaft the Tolls directed to be taken by the said Act have been, and may be, evaded by Persons travelling the said Roads, who turn out of the same before they come to the Gate directed to be fct up at or near and pals

through a Place called Avon, at or ne&r Stratford, under the Castle of OldSarum; and also by passing through a Place calledBulbridge, at or near Wilton; and alleging, that, from the Openness of the Country, the Petitioners eannot erect any Gates on the Sides of the said Roads, so as to prevent Persons evading the Tolls as aforesaid; and that, in order to prevent the Evasions of the Tolls as aforesaid, it is necessary to erect Turnpikes or Gates at the Places aforesaid, which the Petitioners apprehend by the said Act they are not impowered to do: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to impower the Trustees, as often as they shall find it necessary, to erect Gates at the Places aforesaid, in order to prevent evading the Tolls which ought to be paid at FishcrlonGate; and, as often as they shall think

necessary, to remove such Gates; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savile, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Dowd Mr. Sir

Soger Kewdigate, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sir

Wodehouse, Mr. Town field, Mr. Upton, Mr. Staunton,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fairfax, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Price, Sir John Turner, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Edmund , Mr. Harvey, Sir Lynch Salusbury Colton, Mr. Ashlmrnham, Mr and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Devon, Dorfef, Somerset, and Southampton: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impower the Commissioners and Trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament made in the iotli Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making n;ore effectual an Act made in the 9th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the

Voi.. 29.

fame relates to the Harbour of to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut, or Channel, made in pursuance of the said Act of the 10th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, as far as a Wall called Wall And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad and other mischievous Dogs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pugh Prif/e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pugh Pryfe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House- will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speetly and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for. putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliar ment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Preservation of the Game: And that, Mr. Buller, Sir Edward Turner, and Sir John Gibbons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 50 die;

Anno 20 Georgii III,n Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles MMr. Kynaston,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Buller, Lord Mr. Bull,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Smith, Mr. Doiodefivell, Mr. Fuller, Sir WilfredLawfon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Knight, Sir

3 C Roger

Mad and mischievous Dogs.

Encouragement of Seamen.

Supply BUI 5 Land Tax.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Preservation of Game.

Hungerton

Inclosuroi

Snettifliam

Inclosure.

Wyndham’i

Estates.

Farrad’t Comm ob,

&c.

Road.

Swansea

Inclosufc

Taviftod

Roads.

194 25° Februani. A. 1762.

Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Advocate of Scotland, OrdeThat Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Pane, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke., Mr. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Lascelles, M\\ Tucker, Sir William ficau~

champ Pro8or, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cocks, Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according Thurmtftoo

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Edmonston; and all the Members to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open hiclofwe. who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Fields of Thurmaston, in the Parishes of and

Nottingham, Derby, and Warwick: And they are to Barkby, in the County of Leicester: And the same was meet this Afternoon, at I'it e of the Clock, in the received; and read the Firit Time.

Speaker’s Chamber. Refo That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inclefures, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettifoam, in the County of Norfolk, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Sir Charles Mordaunf, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Ky-

vajton, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Bight, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grant, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Glover, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, Mr. Willy, Mr. Buller, Sir Roger MoJlijn, Mr. Heioett, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Mr.

Pryfe, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Shafto; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Cambridge, Lincoln, Huntingdon, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Frary, Marfion,

or Nunny, in the County of devised and limited by the Will of Sir William Baronet,

deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses (except as therein mentioned), was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Fisher, Mr. Sir Bennet

Garrard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Ajtlerj, Mr. Foley, S\rRobert Burdelt, Mr.

Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Onslow, Lord Vemey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, and others of Bradford, Holt,

sham, Laycock, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Pieces or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Town Hill, and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Pieces or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Town Hill, and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrenc.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from to Plymouth,

and other Places in the County of , was read the Third l'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavijlockto Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon.

*7

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Dumfria House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and Two Pennies rendering more efl’eftual an Act passed in the 10th Year cW*' of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Tlvrd Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on ev ery Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported, into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Ironmongers, and Severn others, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Towinj Warwick: And also, 4

A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of sundry Gentlemen, Merchants, Ironmongers, Glass-makers, Clothiers, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Severn: And also,

A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of the Town of Bewdley, and Village of Wribbenhall, in the County of Worcester, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Severn: And also,

A Petition of sundry Gentlemen, Merchants, Ironmongers, Owners of Vessels, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Severn, refid in" in anil near Bridgnorth in the County of Salop:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Alleging, That Trows and other Vessels are drawn up the River Severn by Men, without paying any Tax for the Men passing along the Land on either Side the said River; and taking Notice that a Bill is depending for Liberty to draw such Vessels with Horses from Worcester Bridge to Beivdley Bridge: And praying That if such Bill pass into a Law, that nothing may be enacted therein to charge any Trow or other Vessel, drawn by Men, or the Men so drawing the fame, with any Tax, Poll, or Imposition whatsoever.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and keeping in Repair a Road, or Passage, on the Banks of the River Severn, between Worcester Bridge and Bewdley Bridge, for Horses, as well as Men, to draw and hale Vessels on the said River, making Recompence to the Landholders, or Occupiers of Land on the Banks of the said River between the said Bridges, is committed.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom Philli.nore’i the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate-veiling a Piece or Pieces of Ground in Kenfinglon, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Ellate of Robert Phillimore, Gentleman, in Trullees to be Ibid. and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses, as the said

Ground

Bridgetown

jpomeroy

K

Swinburne

lodofure.

Vottinghim

Streets.

a Geo. III. 25° Februar 195

Ground now (lands settled; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the Petirion of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the $zd Year of the Reign of Ins late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to Bid in the County of Devon, and Creditors under the said A Cl; and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Totness, Bridgetown, Pomeroy, Berry Pomeroy, Stoke Gabriel, Paington, Marl-don, Botey Tracey, Darlington, Ratten); and of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, redding near, and travelling on, the Roads there in-after mentioned *, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Lane, being examined, said, That lie is acquainted with the several Roads described in the Petition, and that the Roads leading from the Head of the Borough of BridgetoxonPomeroy to WattonGate and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pome-roij to Five iMnes, in the Parish of and from

Tcing Bridge to Bovey Mills, are in a ruinous Condition;

and, in many Places, so narrow and incommodious, that Passengers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger; and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Law’s now in being; and that some of the Parities through which the said Roads lead have been under Indictments for several Years last past.

That as there are Two Toll Gates already erected at Bunker's Hill and Fork Green, it would be too burthen-

some for Passengers to pay Toll at those Gates, and at the Gates proposed to be erected; and therefore it is proposed. That Persons having paid Toll at One of the Gates, shall pass on the same Day through the other Gates Toll-free.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called Watton Gate; and from Bridgetown Pomei'oy to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called Five Lanes; and from Bridge to

Bovey Mills, in the County of Devon And that Mr. Butler, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosmgthe Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sivanburne, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish o in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the odrLs, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the enlightening the Streets, Lanes,

Vol. 29.

and Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Towns of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Town of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford, and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, through the Lye, to the Two Mile Stump Toll Gate, in the Turnpike Road leading to Birmingham, and other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, That the Road branching out of the said Road from way Green, through Port Way, and by Dixon's Green, to Cockjtone, at the End of Hall Street in Dudley aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be effectualy repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as so the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bayntun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in,

in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. If ton, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby Steven, High Lane Head, in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greela Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken-bar Gate, near AJkrigg, in the County of York, through Sedburgh, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of West-moreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living near, or usually travelling, the Road, from the Turnpike Road on the Top of fVhilefiect Hill, in the County of Wilts, towards the City of Nexv was presented

to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill to repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, on the Top of Whitejheet Hill, by Church,

to Bridford, in the said County of; and alleging.

That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it would be more advantageous if the said Road was to be repaired from the said Road on the Top of Whitejheet Hill, to the Hare Warren; and from thence continued on the Old Road to the Index Post, (landing near the Blanford Turnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill, in the said Parish of Bridford, instead of going the Remainder of the Road described in the said former Petition: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made to repair the Road from Whitejheet Hill, aforesaid, to the said

Warren-,

Stourbridge,

&c.

Road.

Whiflendine

IndoiWe.

Sedbergh,

&c.

Road.

Whitefliect,

Hill,

See.

Road.

15)5 250 — 26° Februarii. A. 1762.

Warren; and from thence on the Old Road to the said Index Poll as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Touche t, Mr.. , Sir Edmund Ijhatn, Mr. Alderman Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Bagol, Sir Charles , Mr. , Mr.

Glover, Mr. Montagu, Lord Mr. Mr.

Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. SSir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Honhlon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Mr,

Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bijde, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Mcllish, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Prr/fe, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Mr. Butler, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Parker, Mr. ShutlleuoMr. Mr. Burt,

Mr Ryder, Mr. Toionjhend ;and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Dorjel, SomerJ'ct, Wilts,

and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

f *

Hanging Mr. Fitzherbcrtreported from the Committee, to

*4c w^,oin th® Bid for repairing and widening the High Road Road leading from Ashbomin the County of Derby, through the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, to Conglelon, in the County of Chester , and all'o the Road leading from Hanging Bridge, near Ashbome, to the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to under

Lyne at Spath, in the County of Stafford s and also the Road leading through the Town of Clieadle, to the Turnpike Road at Blyth in the said County of

Stafford;and also the Road leading by Blare, in the County of Stafford, over Bridge, to the Turn-

pike Road from Ashbome to Buxton, in the County of Derby; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Leicester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of Edward Smith, Esquire, deceased.

Mad and Mr. Pugh Pryfe, according to Order, reported from mischievouj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bilj Dogs. to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Consequences arising from mad and other mischievous Dogs, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feycrally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments w ere made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Tire House divided.

1'he Yeas went forth.

47-

1 Tel,c, forth, Noe, } ,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this MiiUu House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham- Lsws bers, and the Rooms adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the I louse.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon, reported from tire Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Februarii j

Anno 2* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Pnncethorpe mon Field, Common Meadows, Common Pasture% Indoiure. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, w'ithin the Hamlet and Liberties of Princcthorpin the Township and Parish of Stretton, upon in the County of Warwick,w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bankes Mr.

Jjowndes, Mr. Bridge man, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. OfbMr. Serjeant

Hczvett, Sir Edmund If am, Mr. Sir George

Savile, Mr. Hume, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir William Meredith, Mr. But lev, Sir Ellis Mr. Prozofe,

Mr. Legh, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gaj'cMr. Montagu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Mr. Whateley, Mr. Price, Mr. Upton, Mr. Archer, Kir.

Dowdefzvell, Mr. Smith, Dr. SimpMr. Bydc, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o(JVarwick, Leicester, Aror/liamp(on, Bucks, and Stafford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Troonv, from the Lojhcithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of £c. ’ Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to ^0lJ-Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water to Three

hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him Mill, in the Parish of Saint JnJl,in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass -. And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Lojhoithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Comzcall, through Tregony; to Lanehorne , and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint JuJl,in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir

2 Geo. III. 26° Februarii* 197

I'wpool# Sir EllisCunlijfc presented to the House, according to Chuxchcn. Order, a Bill for building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of and for the better

preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town -, and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Iiackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

EhI’« A Petition of William Earl, of Merchant,

Jtlirffbm was presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, aoeruin That the Petitioner, on the ioth of December 1759, Bond. shipped on the Sloop Drake, bound from Livery>oole to the North Sea Cod Fishery, 720 Bushels of white Salt, the Duty whereof was secured to be paid to the Col-le&or of the Duty on Salt at Liverpool; and that the said Sloop was, by Stress of Weather, driven into the Mouth of Dublin Harbour, and there wrecked, and all the Salt loft in the Sea, whereof proper Proof could not be given till the 30th of March 1761: And alleging, That the Petitioner has applied by Petition to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to discharge the said Bond, Copies of the Proceedings whereupon are annexed to this Petition; and though they acknowledged the Equity of the Request, yet they did not apprehend themselves sufficiently irupowered to give the Petitioner Relief, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner l'uch Relief as the Natnre of the same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Bortach Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, liberty, freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Warxcick and whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads therein mentioned, is referred.

LMchester A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or lachfarc. Common, called Middleiooood Moor, or UJkaw Moor, within the Manor of Lmichin the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkin-foil, Mr. Shofio, Major Gate land, Mr. Bacon, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Proiofe, Mr. Upton, Mr. , Mr.

Ci.oke, Mr. Smith, Lord Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr.

Ward, Mi-. Btackjionc, Mr Cujl, Mr. Parker, Mr. son, Mr. Burrell, Sir ElliMr. Bayulun, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Kynyfon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. M r. Coventry, Mr. Montagu. Mr. Gore,

Mr. Bn got, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr. Clive, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Legh, Mr. Mr.

Lovett, Mr. Webb, Sir John r, Mr. Eger ton. Sir

George Savile, Mr. Glover, Lord Frederick Campbell;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

land, and Lancuster: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ft James’s, A Petition of the Rector and Vestrymen of the Pa-'Vefciiinster, ri:J) 0 f Saint James, within the Liberty ?u#f- whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and tin* relt of the Wlirymen and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending in the House lor better Relief, and Employment of the Poor; and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Railages and Places in the said Pariftt; and representing to the House, That the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish is too finally Vox.. 29,

and that it would he of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the fail! Parish, if a certain Piece of Ground, situateou the South Side of Piccadilly, was united to the said Church Yard; and that the Freehold, and Inheritance of the said Piece of Ground, and of Two very old and fttiall Messuages now (landing thereon, belongs to His Majesty, in the Right of His Crown; but, a» the said Piece of Ground cannot be legally uli-d for a Burial Ground, unless a Graut of the Freehold, and Inheritance thereof, can be obtained, in order to its being confederated for that Use, which cannot be done without tlje Aid of Parliament.: Therefore praying. That Pio-vision may be made, in the said Bill, lor the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the laftStffion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the'

Road lending from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in Wef; and from

Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West Ettd of Heytesbury; and alfe, the Road from the Tiirrtpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of,

to the Mile Stone at the Wefiern End of Fifierton Street; in the County of Wilts-, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his I^ace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk‘s 'Fable: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr James Grandy said, That he knows the Turnpike Road leading to Fifierton Bridge-, that Travellers can easily

turn out of that Road before they come to the Turnpike Gate near Fisherton, and pass either by Bulbridge, or by

a Place called Avon, and, by that Means, evade paying any Toll at Fifierton Gate; and that as the Country is very open thereabouts, no Gate can be erected on the Sides of the Turnpike Road, so as to prevent Travellers evading the said Tolls; but if the Trustees were empowered to erect a Gate at Bulbridge, and another at Avon, both which Places are at fonie Distance From the said Turnpike Road, it would prevent Travellers and Passengers evading the Tolls.

A Member present confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in tlielaft Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for amending, widening, and’ keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fifierton Bridge to t lieT urn-pike Bond at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle; and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish to the MileStone at the Western End of Fifierton Street, in the County of Wills; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, to prevent Persons evading the Payment of Tolls at any Turnpike, or Gate, erected, or to be erected, at, or near, Fisherton Bridge.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the ^eguJ*tlon Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are frequently Bam goltt committed by Persons navigating the Boats commonly on the called Dumb Boats-, and other Boats, and Vessels, upon Thame*, the River Thames, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

3 D and

Sevenoaks

to

Tunbridge,

&c.

Roads.

Bishopton Tide Mills.

Hinckley

through

Burbage

Road.

198 26* Februarii. A. 1762,

and afterwards delivered the Bill, tvith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with die Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Iionfe.

A Bill for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the 14 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Tenns and Powers granted by Two Acts -of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Setenoaks to W and Tunbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to Ki n t heCoun-ty of Kent; and also, for repairing the Roads from pine, 's CYrr/fuVoresaid to Lamberhuvjl , and Pullen’s

Hill, in the said County, and to FUnnoell Tent, in the Coun-tyofSu/Jex, as relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Laviberhurjt , Pullen's Hill, and

Fliimcell Kent aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Re/blvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Blackfonc, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Lord Carps/art, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gascoync, Mr.

Lord kernel/, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Morgan, Sir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Ellis Cuvliffe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Luttrell,

Mr. Penton, Sir John TurnerMr. Parker, Mr. Whitworth, M r.Aldworth, Colonel Berkeley, Mr

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle, Mr.f7/i/en, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Vane, Colonel Ilotham, M r.Coven/ty, Sir Mr.

Cafwall, Mr. Ijockhart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Siiff Southampton, Wilts, Middlesex, and Essex, and the Cincjue Ports: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizingandenabliug7e//«irbw</s, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel in the Manor and Parish of Bishop/on, in the County of Suffer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question feverully put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Cattle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to End;

and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone, in

Welford Field, in the County of Northampton; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of th ' Bill, and fonnd the same to be true; and that the Committee hud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct-«d him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plata; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question fed erally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act. to enable the Right Honourable the

Williams to take upon her, and use, the Surname of Coningejby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement made by her Father, Thomas Earl of Coningejbu, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this 1 louse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of all the public Debts, at the Receipt of Mis Majesty’s Exchequer, handing out at last,

with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the stunc.

An ingrafted Bill to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them; and to prevent the bad Conseque’nces arising from mad and other mischievous Dogs; was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 'Nr* 1

’ (Mr. Ofouldcfton: J

Tellers for the Noes, \ J}r- Tho.TmnJlKnd, jen.5 s

( Mr. Gascoyne. \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to compel the Owners of Dogs to make Satisfaction for Damages done by them.

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh Pryfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The 1 louse proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun-fel u| on the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lanca/ieto the River at a Place called the HempHones, in the Townlliip of Halt on, in the County of Cjie/lewas committed.

And the Counsel fur and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel fur the said Bill futinned lip their Evidence.

And One of the Connfel for the Petitioners, being Proprietors, or Owners of Shares, of and in the Navigation of the R i vers Merfeit and Incell, in the Comities Palatine of La ncaster and Chester; and also the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Honourable Bichard liifrry and Peter Legh, Esquires, joint Lords of the Manor o f Gi'of-pmhull, Sir Richard Brcoke, Baronet, Lord of the several Manors of Sort on and Avion Grange, Peter Brooke, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of Walton the Higher and Walton the Lower, Lydia Noble, Widow, one of the joint Lords of the Manor of Sail s and the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, within the several Town-ships of II alt on, Norton Moor, Acton Grange, Higher Walton, Lower Walton, Appleton, Groppenhall, Latch-ford, Tiielwalt, Lymm, Bollington, Dunham Mafj'ey, Tim-perley, and Sale, all in the County Palatine of Chester; and also, for the Petitioners, heingOwners aifii Proprietors of divers Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the County of Chester; was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel, on both Sides, were directed, to withdraw.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be read a Second Time j

The

Lady

William

Name

Account;

Public

Debts.

Mad end Miidiievous Dogs.

Duke af

Bidgewster’s

Navigation

at

Longford

Bridge.

Ei

- to

.fit'

1

A<

Co

Si;

:tt

tiii

' .1

It a tut

tfl

JM

A

k

the*

sud

all

ftaii

h

f.i'!:

lie

Hi'

(j

t;

< _ A ion

U

JH

lid

h

lob

Croi

A

Lin

lot;:

'0 M s Jfr, lid1 die I

Ltlr

First

V

Account; Bounty on ccstroying tkcEiien;yri Ship*.

Farad's

Common,

*C.

Road.

Hinckley

thro*

B»rba«c

Road.

FhWmore’s

Estate.

Qonmdofl

kclolii.x

2 GfiO. III. i° Mariii. iqg

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } »*7-

Merafor.teNoea.J^.g^ J 98.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned tiU Thu Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Beckford have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of all Money paid by way of Bounty, since the Commencement of the present War with France, for Ships taken or destroyed belonging to the Enemy.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunge, I. dMartii\

Anno 2* Georgii III. Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

riRdered, That Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Craven, Mr. " Curzon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Bennet Garrard, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Loicndes, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Northey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gascoyne,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, and others, of Bradford, Holt, Melksham, Lay cock, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Fjghty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of ;was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Tmvn's End-, and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot End, in

the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece, or Pieces, of Ground in Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Ellate of Robert Phillimore, Gentleman, inTrullees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arilitig by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses as the said Ground now Hands settled; was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mv.-Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Olmins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quorndon, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 29.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Brook, in the County of Lanc and ftr extending and improving the said Navigation; was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be cqmtaitfed to Sir Ellis Cun-life, Mr. Bacon, Mr. UptontMr. Kynafon, Sir der Gilmour, Mr. Smith, Mr. Olmins. Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Town //tenMr. Mr. Med-

lycott. Sir George Savile, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cholmonlleley; Mr. Tucker, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Gage, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gtoyhne, Mr;

Touchet, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Si/monds, Mr.

venfry, Mr. Butter, Mr. Wilkes, Mr Sir Edmund

lsham, Mr. Northey, Sir William Mr.

Mr. Grant, Mr. Fonereau, Doctor Mr. Fairfax,

Sir Edmund Thomas; and all the Members who ferte for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester,. York, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham s and for t he Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called Walton Gate; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called Five Lanes-, and from Teing Bridge to Bovey Mills, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Philip Schumacher was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Philip Schumacher said Nicholas Brandt.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby Stephen, High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorelund, through Sedbergh, to Greela Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;and from Gate, near AJkrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of Wcjt-moreland; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Upton9 Mr. Buller, Mr. Olmins, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Kynafon, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Smith, Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Fane, Sir Wilfred Laic-

fm, M r. Townshend, Lord Harry Pawlelt, M r.

Sir Francis Dn/hwood, Mr. Anson Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mor-

ton, M r. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Mr. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Nesbitt, Lord Mr. Touchet,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr. Iloublou,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Fuller; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of We/lmore-land, York, Durham, I.ancafier, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Chcficr: And they are to meet this After-.noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.-

Mr. Thomas Town/hendjunior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over WorthyCow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to NeictozvnRiver; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County

Svnker

BrOoic N aviation.'

Bridgetown

Pomeroy

Roads.

S«lmmach*r’i

Nau

Sedbergh,

&c.

Road

Arc.

Road.

oo i° Marin. A*\nb%.

of Southampton: Aud the same Alas received; and redd the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BHhoi-ft.m An ingrossed Bill for authorizing and enabling John Tide Mills. Woods, William Woods, And John CItaMerchants,

to erect and build One or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel in the Manor and Parish of Bishopfton, in the County of Stiffex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do" pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Merchants, to erect

and build One or more Tide Mill or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek or Channel in the Manor and Parish of Bishopston, in the County of Suffer.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whiteflieet " Mr. Touchet reported from the Committee, to whom Hilt, the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, living near

&c* -and usually travelling the Road from the Turnpike oa Road on the Top o iWhi Hill, in the County of Wilts, towards the City of New Sarum, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and liad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Avas read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Pinhorne, being examined, said, That it would be more advantageous to that Part of the Country, and te Persons travelling the great Western, Road, if the Road was to be repaired from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whitejhcet to the Hare Warren; and from thence continued on the old Road to the Index Poll, near the Bland ford Turnpike Road, on the Side of Hartih am Hill, in the Parish of Bridford, instead of

the Remainder of the Road to Mr. Baker's Far House, in the Parish of Bridford, in the said County, mentioned in a former Petition presented to the House; and that the repairing the Road from the said Warren, and from thence, on the Old Road, to the said Index 1*011, Avhich is very had, will be nearer, and may be repaired, and kept in Repair, at a much lei’s Expence than the other.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 14 th Day of December lad, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill far repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whilejheetllill, by West Harnham, to a certain Place in the Parish of Bridford, in the County of Wilts, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Hoad from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whilejheet llill, to a Place called the Hare Warren;

and from thence to the Index Poll, Handing near the Bi'tndfordTi\m\rikc Road, on the Side of Harnham ’in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Touchet, Mr. Tucker, Mr, Daniel Bull, the Lord Milton, and Mr. James Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Alton Mr. Kynajhm reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Patllires, and Waste Grounds, in the Town-lhipof Ajton ujmnTrent, in the County of Derby, was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confont to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re- port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once road thrtwighout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'e-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to Avhom Journals,

the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee avIio were appointed to consider of the reprinting a lutTicient Number of the Journals of this House, for the Use of the Members thereof; That the Committee had considered further of the Matter to thenj referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, in the first place, took into their Consideration the several Rel'o'utions and Orders of the House, made upon the 5th Day of May 1742, the 31st Day of May 1742, the 3d Day of March 1748, the 16th Day of January 1752, the 26th Day of May 1756, the lit Day of June 1759, and the 13th Day of March 1761, in relation to the printing of the Journals of the House; from which it appeared, that 1,000 Copies of the said Journals had beeu ordered to be printed for the Use of the Members.

They then proceeded to inquire what had been done in pursuance of the said Orders, and were informed by the Clerk of the House, that 1,000 Copies of the Journals, consisting of 28 Volumes each, had been printed accordingly; and that by far the greateli Part thereof had been delivered for the Use of the Members.

That of such Copies there are now not more than Two complete Sets remaining; but that, as in consequence of the great Length of Time taken up in fmiftiing the Work, many of the Persons avIio had received the former Volumes, were uot, at the Time of delivering the latter Volumes, entitled to the fame, having, ceased to be Members of the House, a great Number of the latter Volumes, in very different Proportions, are frill remaining; a general Account whereof having been stated to your Committee, it appeared to them, that by reprinting a proper Number of Copies of the former Volumes, which may he done at a very moderate Expence, a proportionable Number of entire Sets of the whole Journals might be made lip for the Use of the Members, out of the broken Sets now remaining.

Upon the whole Matter your Committee came to the following Resolution;

liefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to complete such imperfect Sets of the printed Journals of this House, as are now remaining in the Hands of the Clerk, Three hundred Copies of the First Fourteen Volumes of the said Journals, together with the Indexes thereto, be reprinted for the Use of the Members of this House; by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Jeremiah Esquire,

Clerk of the House of Commons.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was prnpoferi to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words "Three hundred," and in-farting the Words " Two hundred and Fifty " instead thereof.

Aud the Question being put. That the Words "Three hundred" Hand Part of the said Resolution;

It pasted in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "Two hundred and Fifty" be inserted instead thereof}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lo amended; That, in order to complete such imperfect Sits of the printed Journals of this House, as are now remaining in the Hands of the Clerk, 230 Copies of the First Fourteen Volumes of the said Journals, together with the Indexes thereto,

be

o

° Mart

201

2 Geo. III.

be reprinted for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Jeremiah DyJ'on, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of £. 3,000 to be advanced to Jeremiah son, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of reprinting the First Fourteen Volumes of the Journals of this House, with the Indexes thereto; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Journals be reprinted, by such Person or Persons as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Militia* Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishments of the several " Regiments and Battalions of Embodied Militia for the " Counties in South Britain, from the 24th of " 1761."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Wee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Strong Beer, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions, relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the Relanding of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation, as Merchandize;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax. ref0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year 1762;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr, Lane.

Mr. Speaker,

Hunt The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for (and others) confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Eftaics. Blunt, Henry Humphery, James Clitherow, Esquires, and others, of several Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent; and for veiling and settling the entire Premises, to the several Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

wdUnai. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Von. 29.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

.ug next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Militia Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex- 1 plain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the M ilitia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Doctor Hay (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Half Pay Officers of His Majesty’sNavy, with the Dates of their respective Commissions, and the Times of their being last employed, or put on Half Pay.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That Doctor Hay have Leave to make 3 Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the Acts of the 12th of Queen Anne, and the a6th of his late Majesty King George the Second, for providing a public Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the Examining, Trying, and Judging of Pro-pofals for discovering the said Longitude.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Half 'Pay Officer*.

Discovery

of the Longitude.

Martis, 2° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual, Two Pennie* ' an Act passed in the 10th Year of his late Ma- Scot*, jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port, of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; was read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Advo-

3 K cate

202 2° Mart. 1761.

1 \

t . '

cate o(. Scotland, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir R ger Newdfaaie, Mb Toxvn/hend, Mr. Mr.

Shaft 0, Lord John!Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Byde, Mr. LafcellesMr. , Sir William

redith, Mi'. Serjeant- He Mr.

1 Fane, Mr. Grant, Mr. Tudzvay, Sir Roger Mojtyn, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Scudamore,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mr. Har-

ris, Mr. Wedderbnrn, Mr. Bullock, Mr. , Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Robert I-ong, Mr. Shuttleicorth, Sir Knatchbull;

and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whiflfndine A Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields and Common Grounds in in the County of Rutland, was read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaflov, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Hill, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Sir

Newdigate, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fane, Sir

John Philipps, Mr. Byde, Lord Harry Mr. Ser-

jeant Hewelt, Lord VerneMr. Bagot, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Dicki nfon, Cord Carysfort, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. baldeston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Sir Edmund

Isham, Mr. Ohm}is; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, Nottingham,

Northampton, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duke of Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Bridgewater’i upon Thursday next, to proceed further upon the Re-

Navigation port which was made from the Committee, to whom Longford the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of jmeige. Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut dr Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River at a

Place called the Hempjtones, in the Township of in the County of Chester, was committed, after Two of the Clock.

Rye A Bill to impower the Commissioners and Trustees, Harbour, named and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the 9th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for relloring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut or Channel made in Pursuance of the said Act of the 10th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, as far as a Wall called Winch elsea was read a second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sir

George Savile, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ryder, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sir Fran-

cis Vincent, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wil-kinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Ellis Mr. Toion/hend,

Colonel Onflmo, Mr. Buller, Lord John Mr.

Wilbraham Bootle, Doctor Simpson, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Dowdejioell, Mr. Ward. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Legh, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gray, And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Kent-, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

16

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, named lUt and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act made in fLrjour. the xoth Year of King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the Ninth car of his Majesty’s Reign, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour o (Dover, in the County of Kent-, and for relluring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of to its

ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presenterl to the House, and read; Alleging, That some of the Commissioners and Trustees have petitioned the House for a Bill, to impower the Commissioners to let the Sea and Tide into a new' Cut, made in Pursuance of the said Art of the loth of K i 11 g George t he First, as far as a Wall called WinchelseaWall: But the Petitioners apprehend, that for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution, it may he necessary to add other Commissioners and Trustees to thofealready named and appointed; And therefore praying that Provision may be made in the said Bdl for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and efiablilliing a Partition between (3ri j 'J’ , mud Blunt, Jlennj Humphery, James Esquires, Eihia.

and others, of several F.states, in the Counties of Suffix,

Surrey, and Kent-, and for vetting and settling the entire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Elmwood Order, a Bill for dividing ami inclosing a certain Moor Indoiure. or Common, within the Manor of and

Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tlenn/ Archer reported from the Committee, to CWntry whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Com- Street*, monalty; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy', ami principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, w'hose Common Seal and Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hewitt, and Mr. JoJ'eph Hewitt, being fevc rally

examined, said, That the City of Coventry is large and populous, and a Place of great Trade.

That by Reason of the many heavy Carriages used therein, and in the Suburbs thereof, the Pavements of the Streets, Highways, Causeways, Lanes, and Pa ffages,-are so torn and broke up, as to be extremely dangerous, and in many Parts almoli impassable:

That the Inhabitants have endeavoured to keep the said Pavements in good Order; but find it to be impracticable without the Assistance of Parliament:

That the said Streets, and other Passages, are in many Places so narrow, as to be very dangerous in that Ro-spert; and that it would be a great Advantage to the City and Suburbs, if the said Streets, Highways, Causeways, Lanes, ami Passages, were kept clean, and in good Order, and widened where necessary;

That frequent Disorders happen in the said City and Suburbs in the Night; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety of the Inhabitants, if the Streets were properly

2 Geo. TIL 2° Martii. 203

perly watched and lighted, there being no Lamps at present, but some lew put up by private Per to ns:

That for Want of tonic Regulation of the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs, the same arc frequently so much out of Repair, that the Inhabitants are in Want of frclli Water:

That Obstructions frequently happen in the River Sherborne's by which Means some Parts of the City are overflowed; and there is not sufficient Power at present to prevent or remove such'Obstructions:

And that if Provision was made lor remedying the several Inconveniences and Dangers above mentioned, it woidd be highly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, as well as to Strangers resort -ing thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Highways, Cause-ways, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of and Suburbs; for widening some Parts thereof; lor establishing a nightly Watch; and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs; and for removing Obstructions from the River Sherborne: And that I\Ir. Henry Archer, Mr. O/bcildeJioji,\lr.

Archer, Mr. Serjeant Heioelt, and the Lord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

i TtH elheet A Petition of several Gentlemen and Clergy, dwelling in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, Road. an(l read; Taking Notice, That there is a Bill now depending, for making a Turnpike l’oad from Shaftejhury to SaliJhuiy, from the Top of Whitr/heet by West

Harnham, in the said County of Wilts; and alleging, That the Road down Harn Hill is both shorter, and as easy to be repaired; and that the said new-projected Road will be detrimental to the Toll of a Turnpike already established, leading through Anger to

Salisbury:And therefore praying, That indead of the said Road through West Harnham, the said Turnpike Road may be brought down Harnham; and that a Clause may be inserted in the said Act, that no Toll Gate should be erected on the said Turnpike Road, nearer than within Four Miles of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

;r.>

lady An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tillnms’i to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Frances *"* HanburyWilliams to take upon her and use t he Surname

of Coningejby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement

made by her Father Thomas Ears Coningefty, deceased, was read the Fifft Time, y Refolded, That the Bill be read a second Time.

Widrfmfll, Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two federal Acts passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefmin the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royjton; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fisherton Mr. Harris, of Christ Church, reported from the Cotn-j}% mittee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keep-Vol. 29.

ingin Repair, the Road leading from 'Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West

Krtoyle ;and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at. the West End of Hcylesbury , and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the 'l of of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of W dts; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had gune through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Mordauntreported from the Committee, Hinckley

to whom the Petition of the Trustees for repairing the to Road between Hinckley and Coventry, appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 27th and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of and Bedworth, and of other Places lying near to the said

Road; and also the Magistrates and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. William Dudley, Clerk to the Trustees for the District of Road, lying between Hinckley and Coventry, being examined, said, That the Truliees have borrowed, upon tlte Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, the Sum 0^2,578, which Money has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that over and above the aforesaid Sum, they have contracted several Debts, amounting to the Sum of £. 800, both which Sums remained due and owing.

Mr. Robert Hutchins, Surveyor, being examined, said.

That great Progress had been made in repairing the said Road, but that many Parts thereof are yet in a ruinous Condition, particularly Hinckley Field, which, though not more than a Mile in Length, will require^. 400 to put the same in Repair.; and that, in order to complete the Repair of the said Road, and to repay the Money owing on the Credit of the said Acts, it will be necessary to increase the Tolls, and to enlarge the Powers granted by the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending so much of Two Acts, of the 27th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to tlieRoarl between Hinckley and Coventry: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hemy Archer, and Sir Roger do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Buller presented to the House, according to Or- Preferration der, a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game: _of

And the same was received; and read the First Time. *me'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Militia an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Pay and that Part of Great Britain called England, when unem- Clothing, bodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said

Militia

204 i° Martii, 1762.

Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Prrnofe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Zh? Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Buller, S Mr.

Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Tow Sir Savile, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Sir John Gibbons,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shuttletvorth, Mr. Wi Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Bunbury, General Cornwallis, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Harvey, General Tmonjhend, Mr. Fane, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Parker, Mr. Vane, Mr. Holt, Sir Poole, Mr. Rice, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Clive, Mr. Wynne, Lord Malpas, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Strange, Mr. Vernon, Sir George Armitage, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ward, Sir ArmineWodehouse Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir

Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir Wilfred Laiofon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Sir Roger Mojlyn,

Sir William Maynard, Lord Grey, Lord Carysfort: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Establishments " of the several Regiments and Battalions of embodied " Militia, for the Counties in South Britain, from the " 24th of December 1761," be referred to the said Committee.

Bridfwrt Ordered, That Wiliam Esquire, have Leave to ElefHoa. withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day of November last, for the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

The Order of the Day being read;

Mho* The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Robert Haldane, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of

port, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the 12th Day of April 1628, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset (whereby it was resolved, that the Commonalty in general ought to have Voices in the Election of the Burgesses for the Parliament) was read:

And the Handing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons; was also read:

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and infilled. That, in the said Determination of the House, the Word " Commonalty" means " all those who, at the " Time of the Election, and for Forty Days before,

" have been Housekeepers, and Inhabitants, legally " settled, and not receiving Alms."

Which being denied, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; who infilled, that the Word, " Commonalty" means " Inhabitants, Householders, paying Scotland " Lot;"

The Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to give Evidence, in Support of their Construction of the said Word.

And a Copy of a Charter, granted by King Richard the Second to the Borough of dated the 13 th

Day of May, in the Second Year of his Reign, containing an Inspexiraus of a Charter, granted by King Henry the First, to the said Borough, was produced, and read.

Then a Copy of an Indenture of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the 17th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, made by the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, under their Common Seal, was produced and read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having referred to, and Hated, a Charter granted by King James the First, incorporating the said Borough, by the Name of Bailiffs and Burgesses;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

Then the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 12 th Day of April 1628, of the Report of the Proceedings before the Committee of Privileges, touching the Election for the Borough of Bridport, was read.

And the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 24 th Day of March 1689, and of the 3 ill Day of March 1715, of several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns for the said Borough, were also read.

And the Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of May 1715, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Biorough; and also the Minutes taken of the Evidence given at the Bar of this House, upon the said Hearing, were also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the Inhabitants at large have, by Usage, voted at Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And Copies of several other Indentures of Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, dated the 12 th Day of December 1746, the 15th Day of April 1754, and the 28th Day of March 1761, being produced;

The Copy of the said Indenture of Return, of the 12th Day of December 1746, made by the Bailiffs and Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough, under their Common Seal, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined aWit-ness, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that several of the Persons, whose Names are subscribed to the said Indenture, were not Persons paying Scotland Lot.

And the said Counsel having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard; and proceeded to give Evidence in Support of their Construclion of the Word " Commonalty," in the said Determination of the House.

And the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the First Day of February 1727, and of the 3d Day of February 1728, of several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, were read.

And the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of February 1729, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, Upon the Petitions which had been presented to the House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined a Witness, in further Support of their Construction of the Word " Commonalty," in the said Determination of the House.

And the said Counsel having summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made:. And the Question being put. That, in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament

for

i Geo. III.

3'

MartU.

jwdport for the Borough of Bridpohin the County of JMion. ma(je 12th Day of April 1628; which is as followeth; " That the Commonalty in general, of the Borough " of Bridport, in the County of ought to have

" Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parlia-"ment;" the Words " Commonalty in general," extend only to Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot;

The House divided.

The Yeas wrent forth.

Te»er, for, heYeas i,rrrf;.},58.

| 52-

Tellers for theNoes

| Mr.

’I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House being informed on the Behalf of the Petitioners, That the House having come to the said Resolution, they, should give the House no further Trouble;

A Motion was made: And the Question being pfo-posed, That Thomas Coventry, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset;

Mr. Coventry withdrew.

Resolved, That Thomas , Esquire, is duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Payment of£. 250 which they could not do; that the Supplying the Parish of Hack, and Places adjacent, with Water, would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and of Angular Advantage in same of Fires.

Mr. Zechariah Agace, likewise an Inhabitant of Hack-

ney, being examined, said. That the Parishioners of the said Parish, and the adjacent Parts, are furnished with Water by Carts from the River, which is very expen-five, and insufficient for the Supply of the Inhabitants.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned. Petition;

Mr. Francis Gregg being examined, said. That aCom-pany of Gentlemen are willing to undertake to supply the Parish of Hackney, and adjacent Parts, with Water, at their own Expence, which is very much wanted at present; that the Undertakers have got Leases from all the Proprietors of the Lands through which the Water is to be conveyed, except the Lord of the Manor, who has promised to give his Consent to the Undertakers.

Mr. Sweat on being examined, said, That the Scheme for supply ing Hackney with Water out of the River Leo, is very' practicable; and that he apprehends it may be done without any Detriment to the Navigation of the said River; for, if the Water Works are properly constru&ed, they' will be rather an Advantage to the Navigation, especially in drv Seasons.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hackney, in the County of and Parts adja-

cent, with Water: And that Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Buller, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mercurii, 30 die Martii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

Pra-y e rs.

kjdrifnill,

&C.

Road.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefnill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and . Royston; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from in the County'

of Hertford, to Barley and R and for making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hickwv Mr. Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom *icrworks. the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Hackney, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several Adventurers

and Undertakers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; w’ere referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, Henry Baker, Esquire, being examined, said, He was an Inhabitant of Hackney, where he had lived 30 Years; that the Parish of Hackney is in great Want of fresh Water; that the only Supply they have at present is by Pumps and RainWater’; that several of the Inhabitants applied to the Nay River Company, about Five Years ago, to supply them with Water, which they refused to do, unless they would insure them an annual Vol. 29.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Bull and Mr. Duckett be Chippenham added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare. Bridge

and bring in, a Bill, to amend and render more effectual Roi*d*'

several Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 17th and 33d Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham, and Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Bayntunpresented to the House, according to Ditto.

Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual fev eral Acts, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the 17th and 33d Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham, and Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wiltsz And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Van ereported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at or near the Ferry', in the Parish of Stockton, in the County Stocktoiu-of Durham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'l’able: Where the Report u’as read:

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having A Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- takes Qaih* tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Com-9 F mittee

o6 3° Martii. 17

mittee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

The Residne oT the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Clause for punching Persons wilfully doing Damage to the said Bridge; to which Clause the Committee had made the Amendment which hath been postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

frefervatioa A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game was Ga°me> fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John 'Butter, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sir

Charles ft for daunt, Mr. Colonel Mr.

Harris, Sir Simeon St excart, Mr. Boynton, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Robinson, Lord George Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Knight, Mr. Gore, Mr. Holt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Jennings, Lord Strange, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. LoxcndeM'p. Fairfax, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Pye, Mr. WhitiOorth, Mr. Bagot, Lord ftfidletov, Mr. BMr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Ashbumham, Sir Roger Nezvdigate,' Mr. Sir

Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Thomlinfun, Lord Mr.

ftlazcbey, Mr. Grant, Mr. Archer, Mr. Clive, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Francis Blake Delava I, Mr. Lord.

' Harry Pawletf, Mr. Onglcit, Mr.

Lovett, Sir George Montgomery Metliam: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

vefring a Rent Charge in Fee Simple in Trustees, for the Benefit of c ertain poor Families, defer!bed in the Will of John Siy'cman, deceased, in lieu of a Moiety ' of certain Lands and Hereditaments, (levised by the same V/iii >' r the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for veiling the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd, Esquire, and his Heirs: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this i louse. I

And then the Messengers withdrew.. . '

Doctor Hay (from the Commiinoners for executing Bounty the Office of Lord High Admiral of Ilritaiji) pre- , flon. j

fented to the House, purlifant to their Order, Enem*'s*

An Account of all Money paid by Way of Bounty 4>hips. since the Commencement of the profont War with France, for Ships taken or dgllroyed belonging to the-

Enemy. '

And the Title of the said Account-was read. ’ '

Ordered, That the said Account*he referred to the Committee’ of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *

the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's- Navy, is coin- ,*

milted.

The said Account is.preserved amongf^tha other Pa* '

-pers of this Session. ’

' - _ ,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and . ..

Mr. Lane: *'.*.*,

Mr. Speaker, ’ . '

The Lords have paffod a Bill, intituled, An Act for Woburn veiling certain Lands. Tenements*and Hereditaments^ Poor, heretofore given in Tre.lt, for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford;in his Grace John Duke of and ids

Heirs, and for efiablishing a belter Fund in ljou there- ., of: to which the Lords desir&the Concurrence of this .; House.’ ’ (

And then the Messengers withdrew. . * ’

Journals.

Tavistock

Roads.

Marlborough

to

Su-indon . Road.

Bolton in the Moors Road.

Sfvleman’a

EiUtc.

Lord George Cavendish reported to the House, That their Address of ftfonday last, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order, the Sum of f. 3,000 to be advanced to Jeremiah Dyson Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of reprinting the first Fourteen Volumes of the Journals of this ^ioufe, with the Indexes thereto; and to afllire His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. ftlounlagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads, leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the ’Road, from the Turnpike Road, at, or near, the Town of Szc/ndon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough; and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Nezctown Bridge; and frorh the said Guide Post to Winrvick; and from Nezcton,b v Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 16 '

The Order of the Day-being read, for the House t’o DifWwy ’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotii’e, to’ . of the ’ consider of so much of the Acts’ of the 12th of Qfleen J-onS‘tude* Anne, and the 26th.of his late Majesty King George the Second, for providing a public Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the examining, trying, and judging of Propofols for dffcoveri-ng the said Longitude; ' , ‘

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s-Navy, pur- *. .'

suant to several Acts of Parliament, made with Regawl to the making Experiments of Propofols made for . '

the discovering the Longitude, be referred so the said. ' .* Committee. ’

Then the Houserefolved itfelfinto the said Committee.' - * Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 1-Vefit00k the Chair of the Committee.- ‘

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi-. West reported from the Committee, That they ,*

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloufe will please to receive the same. . - 1

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moiyow' *.

Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, That- the Fftvikg?.'’, I Publishers of Newspapers had of late taken upon, them to give Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, and*, ’’ of the Debates pretended to have been had thereupon.

Several of such printed Newspapers Were delivered.

in at the Table; and certain Paragraph^ thereof wet e read. . "

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- . '

nal of the Iloule of the 13th Day of A/oil 1738, of.'. ’I

the Proceedings of the House upon the Complaint which was made to the.House, That the Publishers of ’ (

several written and printed Newspaper?, had taken

. ' upon ’

j

2 Geo. III.

3° — 40 Mar til

20j

unon them to give Accounts therein of the Proceedings examined the Matter of the said Petition; and jiad di-oi' this House, mi?ht be read. . ' retted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

' And the same being read accordingly; to the House; together with, the RefoJutions of the

.RoColved, Kemine Contradicenle, Committee, upon that Part of the said Petition which

' That it is an high Indignity to, and a notorious relates to the Recovery of small Debts, within, the said

Breaeli of, the Privilege of this Iloiife, for any News Town and County; and he read the Report in his-

"Writer, in Letters, or other Papers (as Minutes, or Place; and afterwards delivered jt in at the Clerk’s under any other Denomination) or for any Printer or -I able: Where the same was read; - and is as follow-Publisher df any. printed Newspaper, of any Dehorni- eth; ....

nation, i n Great Britain, Ireland, or aiiv other Part of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

His Majesty’s Dominions, to presume to insert in the

i said Letters or Papers, or to give therein any Account

,of the Debates, or other Proceedings of this House, or

* any Committee thereof, 'as. well during the Reeels, as

the Sitting of Parliament; and that.this House will proceed with the utmost Severity agai.nft such Offenders.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the . W>n House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and tlnVmdre.speedy and effectual Manning His Ma--, __ jetty's Navy;

Ordered, That the Lift of the Half Pay Officers of His Majesty’s JJavy, with the Dates of their respective t Commission-s,. and the Times of their being last employed, or put on Half Pay, be referred to the said if.' Comrrijttee.

r Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

I mittee:

-' Mr. Speaker left th6 Chair.

' Mr. Clevkmdtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 . Mr Clpvland reported from the Committee, That.

they had gone through-the Bill, and made several -. ..Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ' to report1, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday , ‘ *' Morning nex't'.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Resolution, which . upon the 26th Day of January last, was reported to

the House from the said Committee, (relating to the . 'Election ior the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks )and then re-committed," be received ’ upon Friday Morning next.

..* And then the 'House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

.:* V\ Jovis, 4* die'Martii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Alton A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the nclosure^ Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townlliip upon Trent, in the County of Dor In/, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ajionupon Trent, in the County of Derby. ! ' '

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ci\»fton Sir George Montgomery Metham reported from the upon H«ll Committee,-to whom the Petition of the Mayor and trMt5’ . Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon and of the

principal Inhabitants and Traders of the Town and . County of Kingston upon whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had Vot,. 29.

Art passed in the 2Sr.l1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,'. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual several A*ct.s of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of AKingston upon Hull; and for better paving, preferring, apd clcanling the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obtiruetions therein; and for preferring ’> the Lamps which shall he let lip to enlighten the Streets of the ftijd'Town, and securing the Property of such Lamps to the Owners; was read.

Mr. Robert Taylor being examined, said, That the said Art is, in many Parts, defective; that there is no Power to oblige Persons to pay towards the Expence of erecting Lamps; that it will be necessary to appoint Scavengers for deanfing the said Streets; and that an Assessment flionld be laid for defraying the Expence thereof; and that the said Act has proved ineffectual to . answer the good Purposes thereby intended.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. John Taylor

Bonfield, Mr. William Keeley, and Mr.

who added, That Lam ps were set up for a Year or Two, and supported by Subscription, which has fmee dropt.

And the said Witnesses further said; That Persons to whom the Traders of the said Town are obliged to give Credit for small sums of Money, taking advantage of the Difficulties which the said Traders lie under to recover the fame, by the present Forms of Law, frequently refuse to pay their just Debts; and that the establish-. ing a Court for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Then your Committee, in Pursuance of the Instruc-' tion to them given, to report their Opinion to the House, upon that'Part of the said Petition which relates to the Recovery of small Debts within the said Town, came to the following Refutations, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of that Part of their said Petition, which relates to the Recovery of small Debts within the said Town and County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ill a Bill, to amend and render more effectual several Arts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein: And that Sir George

Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Wilkinjint, and Lord Robert Man-

ner’s, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the more easy And speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tow n and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And that Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. WilkinJ'onand Lord Robert

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitworth preferrted to the House', according t6 Order, a Bill for repairing ami widening the Roads from the White Poll on IlafeldenWood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to AppledoreHeath-, and from Street, in the same Panlb, to Cqftlcden's Oak, in the

Parish

Hafcldea

Wood,

Ace.

Road.

ao8 4 Martii. 17

Parish of Biddenden; and from Golford in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish of Benctidai; all in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Charnaud’s Mr. Linwood reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for Naturalizing Jean Charnaud was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Liverpool A Bill for building Two new Churches, and pro-

Churches. viding Burial Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for the better preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Cnnliffe, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Charles Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. ProuJe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wilfrid LaivfoMr. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Toxaishend, Mr. j Lowndes, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Roger Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Thomlinfon, Sir George Armitage, Mr SmitMr. Vane, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edmund J/ham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bagot. Colonel Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Murray, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Anson, Sir George Mr. Byde, Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Jennings-, and all the Members wlto serve for the Counties of Lanc

berland, Cumberland, and We ft more land-, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fisherton An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Road* an Paded in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, °* ' An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bridge to the

Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytefbunj; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western

End of Fisherton Street, in the county of ; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle; and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytefbun/; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parirti of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the AVeflern End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wills.

Ordered, That Mr. James Harris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dertre their Concurrence.

Nottingham An ingrossed Bill for the Enlightening the Streets, Street*. Lanes, and Passages, within the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at or rat®e near the Ferry, in the Parish of Stockton, in the County Stockton, of Durham, Was re-committed, with respectto the Clause for punishing Persons wilfully doing Damage to the said Bridge, That the Committee had made several Amend- ments to the said Clause; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be 1

ingrossed.

The Lord Pidteney presented to the House, accord- Cleobury ing to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keep- . Mortimer, ing in Repair, the Roads leading from - y 1

merto Morvill,- and from the Cross to Cleobury

North, and Priors D it ton, and to the Liberties of ‘ Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and from Cleobury Mortimer, to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tenbuiy, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to Aftborne;

whom the Bill for repairing and widening the High Road ?ic. leading from Ashborne in the County of Derby, through the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford., to Covgle-ton, in the County of Chester j and also the Road leading from Hanging Bridge, near A to the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeterto Newcastle under. Line, at Spath, in the County of Stafford;and also the Road leading through the Town of Cheadle to the Turnpike Road at Blytli Mar/h,in the said County of Stafford-, and also the Road leading by Blore, in the County of Staf- . ford, over Cold Wall Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in the County of Derby: was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the . Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: A\ here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe--verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for "'Tancred’i incorporating the Trustees named in the Settlement and Will.

Will of Christopher Tancred, Esquire, deceased; and to

enable them to take the Estate late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will; and for the better Management of the Charity: To which the I.ords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Alexander Wedderburn, Esquire, have Sterling, Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an un- *£ due Election and Return for the District of Burghs of e l0D* Sterling, Dumfermline, CulroJ's, Queenferry, and keithing.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 25th Day of November last, for the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

Mr.

2 Geo. III.

Martii.

209

Discovery of the Longitude.

ft. Jarre*-' S

Weiimi i.fter, Poor.

1

Scotland;,

Relief* of

Vad2

Poor

Accounts.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were appointed to consider of so modi of the Acts of the 12th of Queen Ann?) and the 26th of his late Majesty King George the Second, for providing a public Reward for the Disco-Very of the Longitude at Sea, as relates to the 'Examining, Trying, and Judging of Proposals for discovering the find Longitude at Sea, the Resolution which the 'Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

# Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not excelling Two thousand Pounds, be applied, but of any Monies, unapplied for the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards making Experiments of Proposals fordifeover-ing sche Longitude at Sea; subjeol to the fame. Directions and Regulations, as are for the like Purpose contained in an Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, Tor.providing a public Reward for such Person or Per lb 11s as flmll discover the Longitude at Sea.

The said, Resolution being read a Second Time, was,' upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IJonfe.

Ordered, That a Hill be brought in, pursuant to the said RefBlution.: And that Mr. West* Mr. Gmtville. the Lord Barrington, and Mr. CIceland, do prepare^ and bring iut the fame. *

The Lord Barrington,'by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of the Rector and Vdlrv Men of th£ Pari Hi of Saint James; within the Liberty of If e/tminjlrr, whose Names are {hereunto sub- fecibed/ on the Behalf of themselves, and the red of thq. Vellry Men and inhabitants of the said Parish, (which Petition was presented to the House upon Fridai) lad, a$d then ordered to lie upon the Table) gives His Content* as far *as His Majesty’s Infered is concerned, that the House may do therein as they lhaR think fit.

Ordered, That Leave bp given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Vallate of the several 1 ‘dates, which are or may be annexed to the Crown by virtue of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late* Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain foVftrit.ed Klintes in Scotland to the ' Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; a?v 1 to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profils thereof for the better'civilizing the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; *and foDcarrying the 'Purposes of the said Act the more effectually into execution; and for enforcing, and carry-

. O7 w

ing into execution, so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Maiftty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Puc-poses therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the -Supp!ies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities^ or Sums of Money granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes* as relates to the Paying and ITi [charging the M'arisett Sums, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat; and for enabling the Wad fetters p pon that Ellate, and upon the other Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown by virtue1 of the Act first above mentioned, effectually to discharge their Wadlett Rights, upon receiving Payment.'of the Sums due thereby: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr.

Oswald, do prepare, and* bring il), the fame.

Mr., Fuller prefepted to the House, according to ‘Voir. 29. ’

Order, a Bill for keepingdistinct and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, in all the PanHies .'within the Bills of Mortality: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Ix fobed, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. B filer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the l souse; and he -read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ini at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

"And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read d Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

0;Wcm/, That the further Confidcmtion of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

# The other Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Confi-ieration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to w hom the Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Tovviithip of Stw*fj/:d% in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Metjey, at a Place called the Hemp-Jbmes, in the Towntliip of Halloa, in the County of Chester, was committed;

The House was moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Tuesday last, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to-proceed further upon the said Report alter Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be now resumed, though it be after Two of the Clock.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee, tb the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, Upon the Question severally^>ut thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendmentsmade by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 10, Line 10, was read a Second Time.

And the Question being put, do agree with the Committee, in ment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j H1 ‘

91 Mr. Onghy:

rp 11 r Xt \ Mr. Wtibraham Bootle,

lellers for tneNoesft x r TT - ’

’(Mr. II eddechurn.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 13, L. 17, were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

T he Amendment, in Fo. 13, L. 17, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The I louse divided.

The Noes w ent forth.

Pr-servation of Game.

Tint the House the said Amend-

}9,

\e3.

TpIIptn for the Yeas J Lorfl,

tellers for the leas,jC()1

TpI Iprs for the Noes \The 1 eliersror Uie Woes, j M|. Pryfe

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

30

196.

66.

Duke of

Brupe veer’s Navigation

sit

Loppford

Bridge.

Then

l)uke of Bridgewater’s Navigation ar

Longford

Bridge.

aio

5° Martii.

A. 1762.

Then several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Questionftverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Fo. 15. L. 3. being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till TuesdayMorning next;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The next Ameniment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

Then several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (D\ were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Clause (D,) the next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the words " for the Grinding or Manufacturing of any Corn or Grain whatsoever."

And the Question being put that those Words stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (I;) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " Protection" thel'e Words " Privilege of Parliament or other."

And the Question being put-, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j skuW^irtk:

Tellers for the\Tn« I Mr* 1 ellers for the jN oes, Mf

b

]98-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (K) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (K.) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " Assigns," these Words, " with the Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any Seven, or more of them, testified by any Order under their Hands and Seals."

And the Question being put, that those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Duke of Bridgewater to make Satisfaction for taking or diverting any Water-courses, for the Purposes of the Bill.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the 17

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed further upon the said Report, after Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Martii;

Anno 2* Geoi'gii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

Pra yehs.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Quorndo*

: Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within Inclosure. the Lonlship or Liberty of 12 uorndon, in the County of

[.deeper, was read a Second Time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Francis Pode, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gere, Mr.

Toiyn/hend, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plu Mr. Limvood,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. I.aicaides, Mr. For refer. Sic William

Meredith, Mr. Peter Barrel!, Colonel Hot ham, Mr.

Peuton, Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fane, Sir ’

Jr milage, Mr. Hair is. Sir John Turner, Mr.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Smith,.Mr'. Onjloiv"Sir. Bayntun, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Clover, Sir Philipps, Mr.

Dowdefhrll',.AIr. Lockhart, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

ham Bootle-,.and all tly Members who serve for the , Counties of Ltdcester, Warwick, Northampton, Nutting-

ham, Derby, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s.

Chamber. '

The House was moved. That the Petition of the> St; James'i, Reiftor and Vestry Met; of the Parih of James, Westminster, within the Liberty of WcJhninPer, whose Names are oor* thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of the.nselves and ' the rest of the Vestry Men and Inhabitants of the said

Parish, which was presented to the H mfe upon this Day Sevennight, and then ordered to lie upon the^ .* Table, might be again re<td-

And the same being read accordingly; . ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred'to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the 'fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House-:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumptre, Air.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Shuttle-

worth, SirJohn Philipps, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Sir George Savile, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

Price, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Air. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Archer, Mr Air. Butler,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis,

Air. Shafto, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. *

Northey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Lord John Cavendish,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bejt, Lord Winter ton, *

Air. Byde, Lord Harry Paiclett, Mr. Gray, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Waller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dow- defwell, Mr. Glover-, and all the Members who serve for the Cou nties of Middlesex, Fflex, Surrey, Safer, and Kent:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, 'at Five of the-Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.;

An ingrossed Bill fron? the Lords, intituled, An Act; TaociwP* formcorporatingtlieTrulle.es, named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher 7a«cra/,' Esquire, deceased; ai»d to enable them to take the Estate, late of the said Chrij-

topher

tel

a Geo. III.

Martii.

an

Farad's

CommonJ

4c.

Rwd.

[s?i

« 1

Pomeroy

loads.

Stourbridge, &c.

(opher Tancred, to them and their Succefi'ors in perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will, and for the better Management of the Charity; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.Mr. James Harris reported from the Committee, to whon* the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- holders, Clothiers, and others, of , -

siam, Layeock, and Places adjacent, in the County of , Wilts, was referred; That the Comm it tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’? Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove Jhe Allegations of the said Petition, Henry Coidthurf, Esquire, informed your Committee, That he knows the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr off Cowman, in the Parish of Bradford, through , Holt and Melhsham, to a Place called Homan's Stile, in

the Parish of Lay cock, in the said County; that great Part of the same is in a ruinous Condition, and in many 'Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; inso much, that in many Places Two ITorfes with Packs cannot pals each other; that Part of the Road between Bradford and Melkfhamis sometimes pverflowed* by the River Avon, so as to render it im--paflahlefor a Fortnight together, and severalTimes in the Year for Three or Four Days at a Time; that there is a great Intercourse between the find Towns; and that during the Times of fuel) Floods, Passengers are obliged to go near Three Miles about to avoid , the Water; that theStattite Labour has been duly performed, and Six Pence'in the Pound laid out towards repairing the said Road, but the same is insufficient; and that the eifeclual repairing and widening the said Road will be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of Bradford and Melhsham, as well as to the Manufacturers residing in the Northern Part£ of the County of Wilts.

.Mr. Paul Newman confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Coulthurst, *as to the Condition of the Road, and the great Utility of repairing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr ad's Common, iathe Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melhsham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. James Harris, Mr.

'Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Mr. Daniel Bull, and Mr. Maiobey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,* the R oaf I from the Head o Pomeroy,

to a Plac'e called WattonGate; and from Bridgetown pomeroy to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridge-toum Pomeroy to a Place called Lanes; and from Tetng Bridge to Bovcy Mills, in the County of Devon-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Butler, Mr. Waj-d, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Peter Burrell, Lord John Mr. Maiobey,

Lord Pultener/, Mr. Ban e, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Touchet, Lord Gage,

Mr. Staunton, Lord Carysfart, Mr. Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mr.

Bitller, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Sir John Turner,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Wiibraham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Dorset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Manufacturers, of the Counties of Stafford, and the Town of Birmingham, in the County Vo L.29.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day* of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,' might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to flic Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, principal Inhabitants, and Manufacturers, of the Counties of Wor refer, Salop, and Stafford, and Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wqnwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Touchet presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike R iad on the Top of WhitejheetHill, to a Place called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Poll, Handing near the Bland fordTxm\f\ke Road, on the Side

of IIarnham Hill, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of over

Worthy Cow Dozen, through and other

Placer, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through to the

present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Jennings, Sir Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Evelyn, M Mr.

Gray, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Bloke Mr.

Mills, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. L®rd George

Cavendish, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Townshend,

Mr.-Shuttleworth, Mr. Egerton, Mr. , Lord Brome,

Mr. Fuller, Lord Miifjcton, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Fonereau, Sir George Savile, Mr. Stuart, Mr.

In/, Mr. Ross, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harris, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Armitage, Lord Garlics, Sir Edmund If ham.Sir Alexander Sir

George Montgomery Metham, Lord Gage, Sir John Mor-

daunt, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Walsh-, and all the Member* who serve for the Count is of Southampton, Oxford, Berks, Wills, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whitftl’.cct

Hill,

tec.

Road.

WincheSer,

&c.

Road.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Rent Charge in Fee Simple in Trustees, for the Benefit of certain poor Families, described in the Will of John Stylcman, deceased, in lieu of a Moiety of

certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same "Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd, Efijuire, and his Heirs, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That t he Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Kelfall, in the County of Salop, to Cross-,

and from thence over BarnhillGream, lluclge Ilealh, by

the Two New Inns, and to a Place called High Gate Warren, in the county of ; w as committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Conv mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amend-

S tv Is man’s fiftat*.

Kelfall,

See.

Roads.

212

5° Martii.

A.\q6n

Privilege.

Chester Poor

dud

Streets.

Swansea

Inclosure.

Swan'ourne

Inclosure.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hortfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotred.

The House being informed, that Submiflfion had been made, and Satisfaction given, to Ei’quire, (a Member of this House) in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of upon Monday the 25th Oay of January last;

Ordered, That t oe Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and clean ling the Streets, Ho vs, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester, without any Amendment: And alio",

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Pieces or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Hill, and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of

in the County of Glamorgan, w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cptnmon Grounds, aiul CommonaU-' Places, in the Parish of<Sreanburne, in the County of with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this lloul’e.

And then the.Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Great

M.rlow

Klediou.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the 1 louse to resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners lor putting in execution an Act of this Seldom ol Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to Mis Majesty by* a Land Pax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 171)2, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

The House resolved it Pelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Diekinjbntook the Chair of the Cojn-tnitl.ee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Diekinjon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made ' several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct- cd him to report wThen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Kesolution which, upon the 26th Day of January last, was reported to the 1 louse from the said Committee, (relating to the Flection for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks )and was then re-committed. That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had heard Joseph Harman upon the Matter of the said re-committed Kesolution; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is a» followeth;

The Committee called in Jefe/Ji Harman-, and the said Resolution, viz. " Resolved, That it is the Opinion 19

" of this’Committee, That at the last TJeftron of Bur-

" geffes to serve for Great Marlowin (lv- County of

Bucks, in thispresent Parliament, Joseph'Hvrman was ". guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt'and illegal Practices," was then read to him. .

And he being heard, laid, That he was very* welf satisfied with the said Resolution. ' . *

And be>ug asked, Whether lie had any thing to offer in Mitigation of his Offence ? he said. That his Real’on for giving the Money, was Mh Mcore's-111 IVhavio.ir to his former Master, Mr, Ockenden 'Phat he was angry that Mr. Moore had turned his old Mailer out of low; and that if he had had f.50 more of his own, he would have given.it all; but that,'had ha known it to be . Bribery, he would not have done it, notuithftan’ding his Anxionfhefs for his old Master.

Upon- the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

llcjLh'cd, That. It is the Opinion of this Committee,

That at the lust F.lection of Burgeth:s t» lerve Great

Marlow, in the county of 'Bucks, in this jvefent Parlia* meat, Joseph Harman was guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices.

The fin’d Resolution.being read a Second Time, was; ’ upon the' Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Hannan lie, for his said Offence, taken into the Culiouy of the Serjeifnt at Amis attending this House.

Mr. Clevland, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole lloul’e, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and'effectual Manning-1 i is Majesty’s Navy, was crfln-mitted, the AinendmCnJs which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which ihey had di rest fed him to report to the House; and he read the.Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered tie Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: -Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a* , Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: ’ t-

And an Amendment was made’ by the House to the Till. ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be* , ingrofi’ed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . Sopply. resolve itself into a Coiumiui e of the whole House, to #. consider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majtffty; ’

Resolved, 'Phat this House will, upon W’edneJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Eacounga

mem of

Wm;

and MeAt

The Order of the Day being read, for* the HonYe’to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to* consider further of AVgys and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Re/b/ved, That this House will, upon

Morningjiext, resolve itself into J he laid Committee.

The other Order of tlx- Day being read, for refunding Duke of the adjourned Consideration of tin Report which was Bridgewater made from the Commit lee, to w hom the Bill to enable Narfgwioi the most noble Francis Duke of to make a

navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in t lie County Palatine of Lan-caster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the -

Jtones, in the Township of Jlalton, in the county of *

Chester, w as committed;

The House was moved, in Pnrfuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to proceed further upon the said Report after’

Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be now resumed, though it be after Two of the Clock.

The

r

at

.Longford

Bridge.

1h|.

lift

t'l

k

tit

(Cl

nj)

i\

in;

Cos

E(0:

Ge

W

h

1

fitii

k

lit:

k

([r

h

i:

2 Geo. Ill, 5® — 8

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Price of Freight and Tonnage.

And the said Clause was twice read* with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments, which were yesterday postponed, were again severally read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die;

Anno a* Georgii III1* Regis, 1762. Pbayers.

Wibern \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Poor. jTjL Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trull, for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of,

in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for ellablifiling a better Fund in lieu thereof; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burbach Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, '° to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Coun-

Roid*. ties of Warwick and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Places and Roads therein after mentioned; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Warwick; and of the Gentlemen, Citizens, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Coventh;, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of

eaton and Attleborough, in the County of Warwick-, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; on the behalf of themselves and others, using the High Roads therein after mentioned, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and haddirested him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Michael Baxter and Mr. Robert Hutchins, being severally examined, said, That they are well acquainted with the Roads leading from the New Inn, in the Parish of Burbach, in the County of Leicester, through the several Places described in the Petition, to Fafeley Bridge, in the County of Warwick -, and from Fieldon Bridge to Bourn Bridge-, and from the Cross Lanes in Over Whitacre, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the Arbour ,at Lane

End, to the South Eall End of a Street, called the Abbey End, in Nuneaton, in the said County of Warwick-, that the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; that there are many Collieries and Lime Works on the said Roads; and that if the same were repaired, it would be of great Advantage to the Vo l.29.

Martii. 213

Inhabitants of the feveraj Towns lying hear the said Roads, by supplying them with Coals and Lime at all Seafous, at a reasonable Price.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Hewitt, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Coventry to the Cross Lanes in Oter W hit acre, and from thence to Common, by the

Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Waiting Street Road, by Birch Coppice, to Pin the County of Warwick, is in a ruinous Condition; that the repairing the said Road would be a considerable Advantage to the City o (Coventry, by supplying them with

Coals, at a cheaper Rate, from the different Coal Pits lying near the said Road, where Coals are sold at per Cwt. and prevent a Monopoly at Colliery,

which is the nearest Colliery to Coventry, and from whence they are at present supplied, where Coals are now sold at near 7 d.per Cwt. at the Pit.

That there are great Numbers of Teams kept on the said Road, and in the Neighbourhood of the Collieries, which are confined in the Winter by the Badnels of the Road, but would be employed in carrying Coals to Coventry, and bringing Lime, as Back Carriage, to manure the Lands, if the said Road was repaired.

To prove the Allegations of the third-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Robert Hutchins, being examined, said. That the Road from the North West Eud of the Church Street in Nuneaton, to Wolvey Heath, in the County of

zoick, is in a ruinous Condition; and in many Places very narrow'; and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; that there are several Collieries and Lime Works on the said Road; and if the said Road was repaired, Persons residing near the same might be supplied with Coals and Lime at all Seasons, at a reasonable Price:

That the Road from Nuneaton to Mancester Church, being Part of the Road described in the first-mentioned Petition, is the Market Road between Nuneaton and Atherfone, and leads to several Commons and Collieries in the Parish of Nuneaton-, and though narrow' in many Parts, wants but very little Repairs; and therefore it would be a Burthen to the Inhabitants of Nuneaton, if a Gate should be erected between that d own and Mancester Church, or on any Part of Nuneaton Common.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Inn, in the Parish of Burbach, in the County of Leicester, to the Turnpike Road between Leicester and Coventry, and from the Turnpike Gate at Nuneaton Gap, to IVit her ley Bridge, in the said County;

and from Witherley Bridge, to the End of Fafelerj Bridge, in the County of Warwick-, and from Fieldon Bridge, to Bourn Bridge, in Over Whitacre-,und from the CroJ's

Lanes, near Whitacre Furnace, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the A at cester Lane End, to the said Guide Post, and to the South East End of the Street called the Abbey End, in Nuneaton, in the said County of Wanoick-, and from the City of Coventri/, through Radford and Carfey, in the County of the said City, by Corley Church, and Fil-longley Church End, to New Bridge, by to

the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field; and from Bentley Lane End, to and over Baddejley by the

Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Watting Street Road, in the said County of Warwick-, and from the North West End of Church Street, in Nuneaton, through Attleborough and Bram cote Lanes, to Wolvey Heath, in

the said County of Warwick: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, and Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, princethorp to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ioclosure-

3 H and

Duke of

Bruigew«er*s

Navigation

at

Longford

Bridge.

Address respectfng A. Onslow, Eft

late

Speaker.

a 14 8° Martii . 176a.

and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ( ommon Grounds, and Commonable 1-ands, within the Hainlet and iberties of Prince thorp, in the Township and Parish of Stretton, upon Dtmfmore, in the County of Warwick-, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liaddirected him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Plaee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of to the River

Mersey, at a Place called the in the Township oif Halt on, in the County of Cftester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15.1. 25. after " Warburt to insert " Richard " Barry, Sir Richard Brooke, Peter Brooke."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j . } > 33-.

*r ii c l xt fSir Charles Mordaunt, 1

Tellers for thelvoes, NieM/oH Cak,t\ J .4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

ReJ'olved, That the Title be, An Act to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgeivatcr to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Jtones, in the Township of llalton, in the County of

Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, Nemine Conf radicente, That an humble Ad-j dress be presented to His Majesty, that Me will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House an Account of such Expences as have been, or may be, incurred by His Majesty, in consequence of any Marks of His Royal Favour, which His Majesty, in Consideration of the long Services and great Merit of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Esquire, late Speaker of this House, and in pursuance of an Address of this House, has been pleased to confer on the said Mr. Onslow.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House* as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions, relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the relanding of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation as Merchandize;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Ofder of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of thisSeftion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting au Aid to His Majesty by a I and Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year 1762, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere, with several Amendments to them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Mo-

tion, it being near Four ,of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are frequently committed hyPerfous navigating the Boats commonly called Bumb Boats, and other Boats and Vessels, upon the River Thames, be taken into Confi-deration upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied; for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762; and to make Report thereof to the House; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the Haute; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Price of Strong Bets.

Militia

Law*.

Supply; Laud lax.

Regulation of

Bum Boats on the Than.es.

Militia Pay and Gothing.

4 Gfio. III. 8 — 90 Marti.

1

a*5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great called England, when un-

embodied; and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied; for One Year, beginning the 25 Day of March, 1762.

U

Pay to 30,840 Private Men, at is. each, 22 Days -

D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each ——

D# to 1,542 Serjeants, at is. a Day each ——

D* to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each ——

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2s. 6d. a Week each - -

D* to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each.

D* to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 22 Days - -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at 50/. a Year each -

Allowance to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - -

D’to each Battalion, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 5 per Month, per Man Cloathing for 426 Serjeants, now uncloathed, each at ids. -

D° for 256 Drummers, now uncloathed, each at D*for 8,510 Private Men, now uncloathed, each at 1 10 - -

£. s. d

" 33>924 -

7,665-----

28,141 10 — -10,950-----

455-----

638 15 — 848 2 —

3,500-----

- 4,000-----

8,352 to — i,49*-----

5x2-----

12,765-----

£ 113.242 *7

Ordered, That Sir John Turner have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 90 Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Chinuud’i A ingrossed Bill, for Naturalizing Xat. l\ was read the Third Time

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Jean Charnaud.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

l-jy An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viiiiimj’s to enable the R ight Honourable the Lady Frances N"1*- burp Williams to take upon her, and use, the Surname of Coningejby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement

made by her Father, Thomas Earl Coningejby, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Refilvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Vane, Sir Charles MorMr. Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Touche/, Lord Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, My. Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ward, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Ryder, Sir Roger Mr.

Bagof, Mr. Doudcficell, Mr. Byde, Mr. Calvert, Mr. 77 wroton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Heicett, Mr.

north, Mr. Medlyco/t, Sir John Turner, M r. Tucker, Lord

Pnlteness, Mr. Pen ton, Mr. Mr. Harris, Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Lord

John Cavendish, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Mr. Gray,

Air. Dempster; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o iHereford, Salopand and for the

Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 29

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry HumJames Clilherorv, Esquires, and others, of several Estates, in the Counties of Suffer, Surrey, and Kent;and for veiling and settling the intire Premrfes to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Ketcdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ay-naston, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Toicnjhend, Air.

Gray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Code, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Houblon, Lord Pulseness, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Thomlinfin, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Butler, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Pnffe, Mr. Vanjitt Mr. , Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Townshend, Sir Ge Mr. A/hburn-

ham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bayntun, Sir George Montgomery Met ham. , Mr. Smith, Mr. Air. Prowse,

Air. Whitworth, Mr. Pye, Lord Midle/on, Air. they. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Archer, Mr. , Mi-. Wilbraham

Bootle, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Begot, Sir Long, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Tudway, and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffer, Surrey, Kent, Eff’er, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Poll on Hajleden’s Woin the ParilL of Cran-

brooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Cajllcden'sOak, in the Parish of Bidden d<n; and from Got ford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbvooke, to Tanners Vent, in the Parish 0

all in the County of Kent; was read a Second Time.

Befilved,'VhaX. the Bill hcronimitted to Air. Whitworth, Lord Milton, M r. Vane, M r. Town fit Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, \1 r.Plumptre, Sivjohn7'urner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkes, M r. Montagu, Sir Matthew Mr. Morgan,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pnje, Mr. WUbra Rootle, Air.

Heicett, Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Mr. Glover, Air.

Medlyco/t, Sir William Meredith. Air. Byde, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Korthey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shut! Icicorth, Lord John Cavendish, Air. ger Xercdigu/e, Mr. Bailer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Al-

demian Dickinfin, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Air.

Blunts' (and others) Estatei.

Haft-tfen

Wood,

Ac.

Road.

216

9° Martii. A. 17 '

J

Wynne, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sir

George Savile, Mr. WMr. Grant, Mr. CaJ'-wall, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Lockhart, Colonel tham s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Stifle.tand j and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Portefhun Mr. Olmius presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Or(jer> a pj]] for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari dr of in the County of Dorfat: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Thurmafton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of nclosure. Thurmafton, in the Parities of Belgrave and Barby, in

the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Town/h Sir Edmund Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Laf cedes, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Byde, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Chester, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Heivett, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Roger Mr. Smith, Sir John TurMr. Butler, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Nugent, M r. Bootle,

Mr. Houblon, Lord Milton, Mr. Hume, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fane, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Mau-bey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Evcnwsod A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or

Inclosure. Common, within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Pulteney, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Plumptre,' Sir Mattheio Lambe, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Wedderburn, M r. Archer, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hales, Lord John iifh, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Parker, Mr. Legh, Mr. Blackstone, Sir George Savile, Mr. Noel, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Lord Milton, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr Byde, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gotland, Mr. Smith, Sir Armine Mr. Shaflo, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Me. Burrell, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Adams, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Bagot, Mr. thorpe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Pennant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties- of Durham, York, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stourbridgei The House was moved, That the Petition of the fc-c- veral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Towrns of Dudley, in the County of cester, and the Town of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford, and near the lloads and Places therein after mentioned, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, principal Inhabitants, and Mauufacturers, of the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, and Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Hoads and Places therein after mentioned, is referred} and that it

they do examine flic Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. )

b

Air. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector and Vestry Men of the ParHIt of Saint James, within the Liberty whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of-thetn-selves, and the rest of the Vestry Men and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Heport in his PlnOe; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Lambe being examined, said. That the said Pa-ritli is very large and populous, and contains about 5,600 Houses of Habitation.

Air. John Bern-fold, junior, one of the Sextons of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the present Church Yard, from the great Number of Burials in the said Parish, is too linall; and that the Bodies are obliged to he laid lb near the Surface of the Ground, as to become ostensive; that if a Piece of Ground, litimte on the South Side of Piccadilly, adjoining to the said Church Yard, containing in Front about Thirty-eight Feet, ami in Depth about Thirty-one Feet, (and on which there are Two ftnall Tenements of very little Value) was added to the Church Yard, it would be very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; Then,

There was produced to your Committee a Lease, under the Seal of the Court of Exchequer, dated the First Day of April, in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, whereby it appeared that the said Piece of Ground and Tenements, were demised and granted by his said Majesty to John and William

therton, in Trull for the said Parish, for a ’Perm of Forty-seven Years, at the Yearly Rent of^.3. 1 os.

Samuel Seddon, F.squire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Pi emifes cannot be uf«i

mt 7

for a Burial Ground, unless a Grant of the Freehold and Inheritance thereof can be obtained, in order to its being appropriated and consecrated for that Use, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for cleansing the Streets, 1-anes, and other Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminsterithat they do make Provision in the said

Bill for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish.

St. JamM'i,

Westmwfttr,

Poor.

t

A

k

ii

to

fl

J 0! of

II.

I*

l!i.

to

tf:a

f. C,: '

e:

t

Ot;

Li.

h

U-.I

A

fir1

Mr.

Mr.

Mr.

fa

aaii

f.y.

Lei

Mr.

k

to 11

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Whidrndin* Va mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. ft.-Open and Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in Whiflendine, in the County of Rutland, is committed. ' M

ton

An ingrossed Bill from the I-ords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Trustees named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, Esquire, deceased; and

to enable them to take the Estate, late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses iif such Settlement and Will; and for the better Alanagement of the Charity; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Nor they. Air. Whitw, Mr. Plumptre, Air.

Vane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Mmjnard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Sir 'Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. CuJl, Mr. Byde, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chester, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Butler, Dot’for Hay, Mr. Harris, Mr. Waller, Mr. Thomas Townshend ftsmoe, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ix>rd

John

Ttncred’t ' tyji Will. f j

ito®

Mill

isf

;0:

h.

1 :'<t;

A!

:h\

>1.

*W

*A\

Vo

2 Geo. III*

Martii.

217

l^'s

N

7<?A» Cavendish, Mr. Nor they, Sir George Montgomery arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Li*

Melham, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, berties;

Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lord -

ton, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Doiodejioell, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Prozv/e, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Archer, Lord Milton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hume, Mr. Egerton, Mr. TouDoftor Mr.

Parker, Mr. ’Onjlozo, Mr. Noel, Mr. Grant, M r. Staunton, Lord Royston, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Serjeant Hewelt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert I ing, Mr. Wynne, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. WMr. Glover, Mr. derburn; and all the Members who serve for the Two

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Town of and the Puiilli of Old-

bury, in the County of Salop, was prefenfed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presented, fora Bill for repairing the Roads from Mortimer, in

the said County of Salop, through Billingsley, Universities; and the Counties of York and Cambridge; and to in the said County; and setting

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are forth, That the Road leading from Dezoxhill,

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bridgetown

Pomeroy

Roods.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of Chnrston Ferrers, and Brixham, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for repairing, amongst several other Roads therein mentioned, the Road from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to Watton Gate, in the said County; and setting forth, that the Road from Watton Gate, aforesaid, to Amfer Cross, in the Parish of Churston Ferrers, is in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be properly repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House ilia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Plumptre, Sir

George Montgomery Metham, Mr. ProzvJ'e, Lord Milton, gate, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Gore, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Olmius, Stafford, and Worcester-, and for the Principality of Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tozonjhend, Mr. Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Lord Pul- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

tf*

of the

teney, Mr. Hezoett, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Buller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Glover, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Fairfax, Sir George vile, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Fuller, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Parker,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Northey, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pipers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen,

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 29th of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in

the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum, and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on AJkerfwell Hill, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Whitejheet Hill, to the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Post, near the Bland fordTu rn-

and Commons of the City of London, in Common Coun- pike Road, on the Side of Hamham Hill, in the Parish

cil assembled (relating to certain Inconveniences arising from the Practices of Butchers and Drivers of Cattle within the said City) was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

of Bridford-, and that the Road leading from the said Index Poll to Mr. Baker's Farm House is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be effectually repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to take upon them the Repairing and Widening the said Road, and to pay for the fame, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the Powers granted by the said Act: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Milton, Mr. Touchet, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. ProzvJ'e, cept in the Markets; and to prevent the Mischiefs that Sir John Turner, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gray, Mr.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rellrain Butchers from ftaughtering Cattle, or keeping open Shops, within the City of

Cleobmy

Mopimcr,

L-C.

Roads.

and Glazeley aforesaid, through Oto Bridgenorfh,

is very ruinous, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That the said Road from Glazeley, through Oldbury, to Bridge-

north aforesaid, may be included in the said Bill; and that a proper Number of Gentlemen, and Freeholders, residing in and near Bi'idgenorlh and Oldbury, may be

appointed Commissioners to see the said Road repaired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bridgeman, Lord Lord Milton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Savile, Mr. Popham, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bagof, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Tuzcn/hcnd,

Mr. Montagu, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Byde, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grant, Mr. Alderman Dickinj'on, Lord Midle ton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Penton, Mr. Olmius, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Campbell, Sir Roger Nezcdi-

Harnham

Hill

Road.

VOL. 29

3l

her

1

218 90 — io6 Martii. A. 17

ker, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Popham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Preservation of the Game, was committed, be further Mr. Plumptre, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bejl, Mr. adjourned till Morning next.

Cocks, Mr. Mazo bey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whit-

worth, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Bridge- A Petition of was presented to the Great

man, Lord Pidtennj, Mr. Harris, Lord Carysfort, Mr. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Marlow

RobinJ'on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, truly sensible, and extremely sorry, for the great Crime £lea, on' Mr. IIewett, S\r Francis Poole, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Iloub- he has committed, in being guilty of Bribery, and other

Ion, Mr. Byde, Mr. Ilolt, Mr. North Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of IVhHill, to a Place called Road, the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Post standing near the Bland fordTurnpike Road, on the Side

of Ilamham Hill, in the County of Wilts; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Prowse, Doctor SimpJ'on, Mr. Thotn-linfon, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mitchell, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Dou. de/well, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Ellis Mr. Parker, Mr. Willy, Mr. Plump Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Tucker, Lord Milton, Mr. Byde, Mr. On/uw, Mr. Bankes, Sir Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell,

Lord North, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Turner, Mr.

wood, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Bootle-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Devon and Corn-zoall:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

corrupt and illegal Practices, at the lall Flection of Bur-

gestes to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Marlow, in the County of Bucks:and most humbly

begs Pardon of the House for the fame: And praying

the House to extend their Mercy to him; and that he

may be restored to his Liberty, which is so necessary for '

the Preservation of his numerous Family.

Ordered, That the said Joseph be brought to

the Bar of this Lloufe Tomorrow Morning, in Order to his being discharged.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tregonv, Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Lojl-withiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lane-home-, and from Dennis Water, to Three hundred Yards on the South Side o fTrethiniMill, in the Parish of Saint JuJt,in the said County; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Schiimachn for Naturalizing Philip Schumacher and Nicholas Brandt, and (

without any Amendment. B Na/*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

iBarrowby Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, Jivclosure. tQ wjj0m the gj|| for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures,. and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barrozvby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfa l ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Account; Mr. Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their fortification Order,

Miifont Haven A Paper, intituled, " Account of the Progress made, " and the Money already expended, in the Fortification " of Milford Haven, and the Estimates for completing " the fame."

And the Title of the said Paper, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, Thai the further Consideration of the Report GameT the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better

Mercuriiy I o° dieMartii \ Anno 2* Georgii IIIti; Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Houblon presented to the House, according to Sparrow'* Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, Herne, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of,

Sparrozo's llerne, on Bu/hey Heath, through the Market ‘;

Towns of Watford, Berkhamsted, Saint Peter's, and .1

Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Kims,

to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near in the County of Bucks:And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom FlimweD, the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, \

living in and near the Road leading from Ftimzve/l Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Suffer, through Highgate, in the Parish of Hazokhurjt, in the County of Kent; Cooper's Corner, in the Parish of Salchurst, in the County of Suffer; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Tubb's

Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, in the County of Kent; and also from Highgate aforesaid, through Sand-hurst and Nezcender, in the County of Kent;

Beckley, Peafemarsh, Rye, and P ley den, to Rye, in the said County of Suffer; was referred, That the Com- i

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; v

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

a Geo. III.*5, xo° Martii. 219

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Batman said. That he knows the said Road; and that the same is, from the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing on the fame, very ruinous, and in the Winter Season almost impassable; and, from the Narrowness thereof in foine Parts, is very incommodious and dangerous to Travellers; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Nathaniel Polhill and Charles Frewen, Esquire.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Suffer, through High gate, in the County of Kent, and through the Parishes of

den, and Nvrlhiam, to Rye, in the said County of and from Highgateaforesaid, to Cooper’s Corner, in the said County of Suffer; and to Tnbb’s Lake, in the said County of Kent: A nd that M r. Onslow, M r. Bridgeman, Mr. Gybbon, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

amending and widening the Road between Gate and Woolsbridge, in the County of Southampton; and from WoolJbridge, to the Great Western Road, be-

tween aPlace called ThickThornand Cashmore Inn, leading from Bland ford Forum to the City of New Sarutn And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing and widening the kelfail,-Roads leading from Kelfail, in the County of Salop, to &c.

Whifion Cross; and from thence, over Burtihill Green R°a<k-

Rudge Heath, by the Two New Inns; and to a Place called HighGate Warren, in the County of St afford-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Kelfail, in the County of Salop, to Whifion Cross; and from thence, over Burnhill Green, Rudge Heath, by the Two New Inns; and to a Place called Highgate Warren, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cleobury A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-°<1cr’ pair the Roads leading from Mortimer to

Roid,. *'///; and from the Cross to North and

Prior’s Dillon, and to the Liberties of Bridgenortli, in the County of Salop-, and from Cleobury Mortimer to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to in

the County of Worceficr-,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridge-man, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Byde, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hvublon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Ky naff on, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bailer, Sir Turner, Mr. But-

ler, Mr. Vane, Mr. Boone, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bull, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Smith, Sir George Savilr, Mr. Archer, Mr. Willy, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. RobinJ'on, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Milton, Mr. Parker, Mr.

WilbrahamBootle, Mr. BMr. Fairfax, Mr. Ful-

ler, Stanhope, Mr Prowfc, Mr and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, and Hereford-, and Principality

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingston Sir George Montgomery Metham presented to the gff House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy 1 c ‘ and speedy Recovery of final! Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Terse Bridge An ingrossed Bill, for building a Bridge cross the at River Teefe, at or near the Ferry in the Parish of Stocluon. Stockton, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Rejbhed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at or near the Ferry, in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Hinckley ing to Order,a Bill forexplaining and amending so much 10 of Two Acts of the 27th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Wi as relates to

the Road between Hinckley and Coventry: And the same was receive;!; and read the First^Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Liverymen of the City of London, London whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Bridge, to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of the House, that several Petitions have been presented, complaining of the Obstructions occasioned by the collecting the Tolls of London Bridge-, and alleging. That the Trade of the City of London is much prejudiced by the said Tolls; and that Quarrels do frequently arise between the Toll-takers and Carmen, on Account thereof; by which the Passage on the said Bridge, and in several Streets adjacent, has been greatly obstructed; and that the Petitioners believe, that the Bridge House Estate is more than sufficient, without the said Tolls, to keep t he said Bridge in Repair; and that the Citizens of London, in particular, and the Public in general, will be benefited by abolishing the said Tolls: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House ilia.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Fanners, Gardeners, and other Inhabitants, within the Counties of Surrey and Kent; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Wharfingers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, within the ancient Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and in Parts adjacent;

and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Wholesale Traders, and other Inhabitants, within the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and City of London:

are referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Oxdown Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to G«e, Order, a Bill to amend an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester; and from the said City through Iluto Chandler's Ford; and from Ilurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Ron fey; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minfier, in the County of Dorset; and for Vol. 29.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee to whom Bridgetown the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, oiChurffon Ferrers, and Brin the County °* *’

of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committ ee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk’s

220

i o° Martii. 1762.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Lane being examined, said. That the Road from Waton Gate to a Place called Gampton Cross, in the Village of Gampton, in the Parish of , leading to a Place called Amfer is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Head of Bridgetown

meroy to a Place called Gate; and from Bridge-

town Pomeroy to a Place called the; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called Five Lanes; and from Teing Bridge to in the County of

Devon-, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Waton Gate to a Place cal led Gampton Cross, in the said County of Devon.

Furad’t Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to Common, Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr ad's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melhsham, to in the Pari ill of

Laycock, in the County of Wilts .* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Regulation Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming . the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yeller-0/London? day, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain Butchers from slaughtering Cattle, or keeping open Shops, within the Cityof London, except in the Markets; and to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties; be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain Butchers from slaughteringCattle, or keeping open Shops within the City of London, except in the Markets; and to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question,

To leave out the Words " restrain Butchers from," and insert the Words " regulate the;" after " slaughtering" to insert " of;" to leave out " or keeping open Shops," and insert " and Sale of Meat;" and to leave out " except in the Markets," and insert " and Liberties thereof."

And the Question being put. That the Words " restrain Butchers from" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " regulate the" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word "of" be inserted after the Word " slaughtering

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " or keeping open Shop" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " and Sale of Meat" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " except in the Markets" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and Liberties thereof" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the slaughtering of Catt'e, and Sale of Meat, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, S\rRichard Glynne,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman and Sir

William Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Privilege. Name of a Member of this House had been counterfeited in the franking of a Letter, sent by the General Poll;

The said Letter was delivered in at the Table.

And the Superscription of the said Letter, franked with the Name of the said Member, was read.

And the said Member being present, and the said Letter being shewn to him, he declared that the Frank was not of his Hand Writing; and it appearing that the said Letter was signed John and dated

from Nottingham;

Ordered, That John Monkhovfc, of Nottingham, do attend this House upon To-inorrow Fortnight.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage Fishermen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Supplying

the

FishMarkctt.

The House being informed, That Mr. (from Accounts;

the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in, PublicDcbts. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of January 1762, (being Old Chr if mas Day) with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

2 Geo. III.

iO° Martii.

221

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, handing out the 5th Day of January 1762 (being Old Christmas Day), with the annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

500,000-----

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the origina Sum contributed - Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants are not charged in this Account, nor the /. 1,000,000 charget on the Deductions of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, nor the /. 1,500,000 towards paying off the Navy Debt, 1761, nor the Sum

/. 1,000,000 charged on the Supplies, Anno 1762.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9® Willi. 3 Regis, and Two other Acts 6° A 9® Annce Regime, at £. 3 p Cent, per Annum

Annuities at /. 3 per Cent, per Ami. Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £.3 per Cent from the lit August 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3° Regis

Purchased of the South Sea Company -Annuities at/. 3 per Cent.per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals since Lady Day 1719 -

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

Ditto — at /. 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746 - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 25°, 28®, 2 9®, 3 2®, if 3 3 Georgii 2di 2 1,127,821 5 i£

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, pei' Am. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, Sic. by the Ad 31® Georgii 2di Regis - Ditto — at/. qperCent. per Ann.charged on the

additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale, by the Ad 10 Georgii 31 i i Regis 11,4 00,000 o o Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the said Fund by the said Act - - - - 600,000 o o

Ditto — at /. 3 per Cent, fier Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 25* Georgii 2di Regis -

Ditto — at /. 3^ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Ad 29® Georgii 2(li Regis -

Ditto — at/. 35 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, &c. by the Ad 31® Georgii 2di Regis - Ditto — at /. 4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the additional Duties on

Malt, by the Act 33° Georgii 2di Regis - - 8,000,000-----

Ditto — &t£.4per Cent.perAnn.additional Capital of

/3 per Cent, in Lottery Tickets, on /. 8,000,000

charged on the said Fund, by the said Act - - 240,000-----

Memorandum: The Subscribers of/. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of gs. a Ticket, which amounted to /. 22,500, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to /. 18,812. 15 s\And the Subscribers of /. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of i8.\ a Ticket, which amounted to /.45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen iu, to /. 38,216. And the Subscribers of/. i 00 for /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1747, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of/. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to/.33,750, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to / 3 2,93 7. 2. 6, And also the Subscribers of/. 100 for/. 3 per Cent.Annuities, Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £.6. amountingto/. 128,250; which Annuities are an Increase of the annual Intereil, but cannot be added to the public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the fame....

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9® Georgii primi Regis -Annuities at /. 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund - ....

12,000,000-----

Exchequer, the 10th Day of March 1762.

Edward Wilford.

Principal Debt.

*.836,275

s. d. 17 io|

108,100 —

76,005

2,200

14 IOi

3,200,000 ---

1,000,000

3,200,000 ---

500,000 — 4,000,000 —

1.750.000 —

1.250.000 — ‘ 986,800 —

Annual Interest, or other Charge, payable for the lame.

/. *. d.

136,453 12 8

7.567-----

9,215 12 —

33.627,821 5 iA

1,500,000 ——

4.500.000 — —

8.240.000 — —

97>z85 *4 4

30,401 15 8

100,000-----

15,000 — . — 121,898 3 5*

52.500 — —

37.500 -

29,604-----

1,020,838 5 8

540,996 14 —

53.343 *5 —

160,031 5 —

334,235 -

25>°25,3q9

2,100,000

*3 ni

110,603,836 8 2\

218,215 *7 6

765>326 3 \(

64,181 5 —

3.794,594 3 5

V,

OL 2

3*

Ordered,

322

io° Ma

A. 1762.

Earl's fcelief from Payment xt a certain Bond.

Scotland j Relief of . V sfliil*.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, ments would admit of; and thfe Various Kinds of Fur-to be perilled by the Members of the House. niture to be employed have been provided with as great

Attention and Frugality as the Variety, Magnificence, The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, and Cfefulnet’s of so expensive a Collection could, in any acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been Manner, permit; notwithstanding all which aflidnous infonned of the Contents of the Petition of William Care of the said Trustees, they do yet find, to their Eari, vi Liverpool, Merchant; which Petition was pre- great Concern, that the Expence necessarily attending fented to the House upon Friday the 26th Day of Fe- the Preservation and Custody of the said Collections, binary hilt, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; and rendering the same useful to the Public, does greatly gives his Consent that the House may do therein as exceed the Produce of the Sum now remaining for the they shall think lit. ’ said Purposes, it eonlifting only of £. 30,000 Reduced

Rank Annuities, producing £.goo a Year: And there-The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the fore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such House, according to Order, a Bill for t he Relief of the further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the

Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament^ as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Trustees of the British do lay before this House an Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British -

tBritili

Museum

Bntith

Museum.

A, Onslow, ECj.

Vaffels of the several F.hates, which are or may be an nexed to the Crown by virtue of an Act, passed in the 2 ",ih Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors- thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; and for carrying the

Purposes of the said Act the more effectually into Exe- [cum, and of the Expenditure thereof, cution; and for enforcing and carrying into Execution

lo much of an Act pH (Ted in the FirltYear of the Reign The Lord Barrington reported to the House, That

of His present Majesty KingGeorgc’ the Third, intituled, their Address of Monday la it (that His Majesty would An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there he late sPwkcf-One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men- laid before this House, an Account of such Expences tionod, and for further appropriating the Supplies as have been, or may be, incurred, by His Majesty, in granted iu this Session of Parliament, and for exempting Consequence of any Marks of His Royal Favour, which any Annuities or Sums of Money, granted, or to be His Majesty, in Consideration of the long Services and granted, lo the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes, great Merit of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadfett Esquire, late Speaker of this House, and, in pursuance Sums claimed and sustained upon the Lands and of an Address of this House, has been pleased to con-Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the fer on the said Mr. Onslow) had been presented to His Attainder of Simon late I ord Lovat, and for enabling the Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to return Wadfetters upon that Estate, and upon the other Estates the following most gracious Answer; which are, or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue " That His Majesty, in Consideration of the great of the Act first above-mentioned, effeciually to dif- " and eminent Services of Mr. Onslow, and in Com-

" pliance with the Delire of His faithful Commons.

" has thought fit to confer upon Mr. Onslow a Grant of " an Annuity of Three Thousand Pounds per Annum,

" payable out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenue; a " Copy of which Grant, together with an Account of " the Money already paid in consequence thereof, He " has ordered to be forthwith laid before the House; but " it not having been in Llis Majesty’s Power to extend " the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of His " own Life, His Majesty recommends it to the House " to consider of a proper Method of extending and " securing the fame, in the most effectual Manner, for " the Benefit of the said Mr. Onslow."

charge their Wadfett Rights, upon receiving ’Payment of the Sums due thereby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

lie[olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That in the 26th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act passed for purchasing the Collection of the late Sir Hans Sloane, Baronet, and the Harleian Manuscripts, and for providing a Re-politory for the lame, together with the Cottonian Library, and the Additions made, or to be made, there-

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Copy of Letters Patent for granting an Annuity to the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Esquire; and also an Account

Ditto.

to; and for furnishing the said Repository with Book of the Payments on the Grant of £.3,000 per Annum

Cafes, Cabinets, and other Conveniences and Embel-lifliments, and for vetting the same in Trustees, for the Lie of the Public to all Posterity; who were thereby incorporated under the Name of the Trustees of the British Museum: And that the said Trustees in Obedience to the said Act, did with all convenientSpeed, purchase the said Collections, and provide Montagu House, as a proper Repository for the fame, and repaired and f'urnillied it agreeably to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, ami did appoint a convenient Number of Officers and Servants for the Custody and Preservation thereof, and for exhibiting the same to the Inspection of curious and studious Perl’ons, stnd for the general Use and Benefit of the Public; and settled the Salaries and Allowances of the said Officers and Servants with as much (Economy as the Nature of their several Employ*

from His Majesty to the Right Honourable Arthur Onjloio, Esquire.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Account were read.

The said Copy and Account are preserved apaongst the other Papers of this Section.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Copy and Account.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Answer to the Address of this House be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

1 A

! 1

it*

4f

: 1 i

aid

"rcl

in

1

Id

; l

s

2

th

b

C(

tic

Pe

Googh

2 Geo.lit ic8 — i

J^F1 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

n*1 the Relief of such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, as Officers or Engineers in America, under the Provisions of the Act made in the zath Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enablingHis Majesty to grant Commissions to such foreign Protestants to serve in America: And that Mr. Secretary at War and the Lord Barrington do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilol/ord and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

Hisckty The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the RmI. R°ad from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Jlinch ley, to Lutterworth Town's; and from or near

the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty MileStone in Field, in

the County of Northampton ,without any Amendment:

And also,

Klhopfton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tide Milk for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mill, or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek, or Channel, in the Manor and Parish of Bishopston, in the County without any Amendment: And also,

Alton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lnciofui>. for dividing and inclosing thi Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wafie Grounds, in the Township of Aston upon Trent, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

APerson Joseph Harman was, according to Order, brought to K| and^ ^ie ^ar ’ where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri-ifchared. mar,d from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ud Meant, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty'.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, ii* die Martti;

Anno z* Georgii III'" Regis, a 762.

Pit ATE RS.

DoncaSer OIR George Armitage reported from the Committee to ro ij whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for ^Broot putting in Execution so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester-, and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hill, in

the said Parish of Peniston, as relates to the Road from Doncaster to Salter’s Brook; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at VoL. 29.

to MaffiL 223

the Clerk’s Table: "Where' tl*fc same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations Of the said Petition,- the said Act was read: And,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced the Accounts of the Receipts and Dilhurfements relating to the said District of Road, fmefe the Palling Of the said Act; by which it appeared, that almost the whole Monel' collected annually ujKin the said Diliricf, after paying Interest for £. 1,400, borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, Salaries to Officers, and other contingent Expellees, had been laid out upon the said Road: And;

Godfrey Wentworth, Eft]tiire, being examined, said; That the Tolls authorized to be taken; are not sufficient to repair the said Road from Doncaster to Suiter’s Brook:

And that, the Act being so near expiring, it will bef impoffibie effectually to repair the said Uoa,d, and pay off the Mouey owing on the Credit of the Tolls; unless the said Act be, with respect to the said District, further continued; the Tolls augmented; and fume Alterations made thereto.

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York; to Salter’s Brook, in the County of Che/ler; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between Doncaster send Brook: And that Sir George Armitage, Sir Wyndham Knatchbult Wt/ndham, and Mr. Lane, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Plumptre'presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor j and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said'Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time'.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee to whont the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hunger ton, in the County of was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wherfe the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

The Lord Milton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 29th of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Af-

kerfwell Hill, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf of them*

selves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, was referred. That the Com*

mittee

St.

Westmiitrtcf

Poor*

Hiingfitoa

inclosure.

Hill

Road*

224 r i0 Martiil:

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition t tion of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and prin-

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared cipal Manufacturers of the Counties of

to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his ford, and Town of Birmingham, in the County of War-

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fofloweth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Pinhorne, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Index Poll near the Bland ford Turnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham , in the Parish o f Bridfor d,to a House called Mr. Baker's Farm House,

is in a ruinous Condition; narrow in many Places, and incommodious for Passengers; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Law’s in being: And, A Member present at the Committee confirmed the said Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Hill, to a Place

called the Hare Warren -, and from thence to the Index Port, Handing near the Bland ford T urnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill, in the County of is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Index Post on the Side of Harnham Hill, to a House called Mr. Baker's Farm House, in the County o

Spt oatlev $ j r George Montgomeiyftletliamprefen ted to t hel louse,

Inclosure. according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures. and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Paftnre Ground, in the Lordship of Sprout ley, in llolderness, in the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sudbury Mr. Holt presentdd to the House, according to Order, <o a Bill for repairing and w idening the High Road leading

r Bur-v , from the North Endof B in in Road' 5 the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said Connfcy: And the fume-was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

B*rrmi by -A11 mgrofled Bill, for dividing and inclosing several lncJoiure, Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, andWafte Grounds, in the Parish of Barrowhy, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadow’s, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barrowhy, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Liverpool Sir Ellis Cunliffe presented to the House, according to Harbour. Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Po\Vers granted by an Act passed in the i ith Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, " for-continuing several Acts relating to " the Harbour of Liverpool; and for enlarging the said " Harbour, by. making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the Open Harbour there, and for enlightening the said Dock;" and for erecting Lighthouses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation anti Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Merfexj, within the said Port and ITarbonr of Liverpool: And the same was received; ami read the FirliTime.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge, Mr: Ward reported from the Committee, to whom Road ^ie ^e^icm ?f several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- ’ holders, principal Inhabitants, and Manufacturers, of the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and , and Town

of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, refid ing in or near the Roads Places therein after mentioned; and also, the Peti-

toick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing iii or near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Towns of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Town of Row-ley Regis, in the County of Stafford, and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same W’as read; and is as followed); viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

M r. John II a don and Mr. JeJloti Ifomfray being severally examined, said, That the several Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the Ha and

ley, over Blake Heath, and by to the

Two Mile Stump Toll Gate; and from the Lye to more; and from the Lye to Holly Hall, in the said County of Worcester;and from Collygate, in Cradley aforesaid, to

Halej'ozcen, in the County of Salop;and from causezcay

Green aforesaid, to a Place called Cockstone, at the End of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester-, are i n a ruinous Condit ion; and in many’Places very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary’ Coarfb of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the Hayes and Cradley, over Blake Heath, and by causezcay Green,

to the Two Mile Stump T oll Gate; and from the to Pedmore;and from the Lyc to Holly and from Caujezuay Green, to a'Place called Cockstone, at the End of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudlin the County of Worcester; and from Collei/Gafe, in Cradley aforesaid, to Halefozven, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Ward,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dozcdefwell, and Sir Charles lor daunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ’

Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable SankeyBrook, in the County’ of and for extending and improving the said Navigation; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Order made Feverfliam upon the zzd Day of February last, " That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the oa " Road from Feversham, through , to the Port

" of Hythe; and from the Corn Market House in " ford, to Kemp's Corner, in the Parish of BoughtonAluph;

" and by a Place called Bilting, through the Parishes of " Godmersham and Chilli am, in the County of Kent, to

" the City of Canterbury"

Ordered,

Lanchester

Inclosure*

SnmHham

lodosure.

Sheolcy

Brook

lndofure.

Dumfries Two Femes Soot*.

2 Geo. III. 110 Mar fit. 225

Ordered That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the High Port Road, near the Town of FevCrsham, by Bacon's through A/hford, to the Town and Port of in the County of Kent i and from Bacon's Wafer to the City of Canterbury: And that Sir Wyndham harn and Sir. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Middleicood Moor, or Moor, with-

in the Manor of Lanehfller, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;'and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosure, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Pa-rith of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Manor of Brook , in the

Parish of Shenley, in the County of Bucks: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the 10th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an Act for continuing an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King G the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peony Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported, and exported, into, and out of, the Port of the -said Town, for the

Vox.. 29.

better repairing of the said Harbour; was committed;' That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable i Where the Rc-.port was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled (relating to the Testimony of Freemen of the said City, in Suits concerning the Corporation) was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had, directed him t6 report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followefh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Hu fey, Esquire, the City Solicitor, informed the Committee, That no Freeman can be admitted as a Witness on the Part of the Corporation whereof he is a Member; to remove which Iuconvenience, Witnesses are admitted in Courts of Law, who bave been disfranchised in the Mayor’s Court by a fictitious Judgment; and who are again admitted to their Freedom, as soon as they have given their Evidence:

That this Method is attended with great Trouble and Expence to the City; and it often has happened, that necessary Witnesses have refused to be disfranchised, by which the City have been deprived of their Testimony.

Jonathan Co/ston, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hujfey; and both the W7itnesses added. That, in their Opinion, the Intej-el! of an individual Freeman, in a Corporation of which he is a Member, is so very small, That it cannot possibly have any Influence upon his Testimony.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for admitting Freemen of the City of London, as competent Witnesses on Trials in which the Corporation of the City is concerned: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Mr. Alderman Bedford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, td whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of Samuel W>alker, in behalf of hitp-

self, and Aaron Walker, Jonathan Walker, and John Cra-Jhaio, Renters and Occupiers of certain Mills, situate upon a Stream of Water called the Holm Goit, issuing from the River Dun, in the County of York; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed bhxt to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, An Act of the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the River Dun, in the West Riding of the County of York, navigable, from Holmjiile, in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Tivjley, Westward, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Matter, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants,

3 L and

Corporations j

Admissibility

of

Evidence*

Dun

Navigation*

ttaS ti*Martii. H. ij6h.

fton land Commonalty of the Company of Cutiers ,in Hal- Shares: And it is enacted, T^iat the fcveml person<j KriSjOfen. lam/hirO, in the County of York, their Successors and Bodies Politic and Corporate, therein mphti'emed, flioukl Aligns, are nominated and appointed Undertakers of be Proprietors of the said Shares, iri Manner therein the said Navigation, with Power to make the said Ri- mentioned; and that, from and after the 24th of ver navigable at their own Expence, from Holmjlile, in 1733, the said Proprietors should be united int o One Doncaster, lip the said River, above Holm Aik, to the ut- Company, for the better carrying on the said.Navigu-mod EStent of Tinfiey, Westward; and for making and tion, as well above as below by the Name of

erecting Wharfs, Warehouses, Locks, and Dams; and The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the for making Towing Paths on the Banks of the said Ri- River and that it flioiild be lawful for the said

ver; and for purchasing Lands for the Purposes afore- Company, to make a Lock and Cut on the North Side said; and for takingTonnage and Lock Dues, and other the River, from a Place called Bromley above Bo- 1

Sums of Money, as a Recompence for the Expences High Dam, into Jckles Dam, In such Manner,

they should be at in making the said River navigable; and under such Restrictions, as in the said Act of the and to exercise several other Powers and Authorities 12th Year of his late Majesty King the ift,

granted by the said Act, under certain Restrictions, for are contained: Then,

the PreferVation of the Forges, Iron Work?, and Mills; Mr. Gilbert Dixon, being examined, said. That the Na-i

mid that nothing should extend to impower them, or vigation of the River/JttMwasfinifhod, up hv the

their Assigns, to make, or continue, the said Naviga- Company of Proprietors, in the Year 1751; and he pro-tion> between a Place called Ea/kvood, below Bother- duced to your Committee a Deed of'Triift, given to the ham, and a Dam called Jordan Dam, above Rotherham, Earl of in Trull for 1 he Earl of where-

in any other Manner, than by taking the Water out of by the Company give a Security of their whole Property, the said River> from Rotherham High Dam, to below in their Corporate Capacity, not to hike any Water for, the Shallows, at Eastwood, by'a Cut on the North Side the Use of the Navigation which might prejudice any of the said River; and by a Cut from below the Shallows, his Lordship’s Works, made, or to be made, upon the next above Rotherham High Dam, into a Dam called said River, between Rotherham and Jordan Dam: Then, IckleiDim, on the South Side the said River; and from Mr. John Smith, a Mill-wright, being examined, below the neNt Shallows* called Deadman's Ford, by a said, l ie had known the Navigation of the River Dun Cut out of the said River, on the South Side thereof, ever since the Year 1727, and that a considerable Trade into Jordan Damand that the said Undertakers, and is carried on by Means thereof; that, when lie first knew their Assigns, should not make any Cut, or Work, above Holm Coif, there was but One Mill upon it,-juid that Rotherham Bridge, until they thou Id have given Security now there are Four Water Wheels; and l hat they re-to the Value of £. 3,000 to the then Lord Frederick quire more Water to work them;. and that the additional Howard, his Heirs or Assigns, if required by them so to Quantity of Water derived to the Mills, is a great I Iin-do, to repair and make good all such Loss, or Damage, derance to the Navigation during the dry Season in as the said Lord Frederick Howard, his Heirs or Assigns, Summer.

should fufiain, by reason of their prejudicingany of his or That while the Water went down the New Cut, Jckks

their Mills, Wears, or Works, by any Cuts, or Locks, Dam was well supplied.

that should be made by the said Undertakers, their Sue- Being asked whose the Lands are between Holm's cessors or Assigns, above Rotherham Bridge; and that Green and the Place where the New Cut goes into the the said Undertakers, their Successors and Assigns, Dun, above Rotherham High He said. That

Humid have particular Regard, that, in placing the Lock Lord Effingham has Two Pieces of Ground; one called at Jordan Dam, and in using the same for the Purposes Holm's Green, and the other Green; which

of the Navigation, the Stream of Water that runs from last Piece lies upon Holm about, the Midway be-the said Dam, through Holme Goit, should not be divert- tween Holm's Green, and Rotherham Dam. ed, or hindered, from serving the Works then erected That, if the waste Water, after MrHUtflAe/-(the Lessee thereon, or the Forge, or Works, that should be there- under Lord Effingham) had used it for his Works, was on erected; by the said Lord Frederick Howard, his returned into the River Dun, or into the Cut called Heirs or Assigns. Bromley Sands Cut, above the Ix>ck in the Cut, it would

Then an Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty answer the Purpose of the Navigation; but that if a King George the ill, intituled, An Act for improv- Fresh was in the River, and the lower Gates in the New ing the Navigation of the River Dun, from a Place Cut were open, the Water would come into the Works; called Holmjlile, in the Township of Doncaster, in the and that he never heard there was a Want of Water -County of York, to Wiljtck Hotffe, in the Parish of in Ickles Dam, before the New Cut was made; and that BambyDun, in the said County, was read; whereby it he does not know w hether Jordan Dam has been raised appeared, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of since the new Works were erected. the Borough of Doncaster, in the said County, their Sue- That an Action has been brought against him, as En-

cessors and Assigns, are appointed Undertakers of the gineer to the Company, for n etting a Dam in Holm laid last mentioned Navigation. Goit.

Then an Act of the 6th Year of his late Majesty, in- That, from the Tail of Mr. Walker's Works, to the titpled, An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of Par- Tail of Rotherham Dam, is a Fall of about 7 Feet; and liament, one made in the 12th, and the other in the 13th if the lower Gates in the said New Cut were flint, the Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable Floods could not get up; but that the Gates hinder the the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the bet- Water from going into the River; and when there is a ter perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and Head of Water above the lower Gatos, the Water will for uniting the several Proprietors thereof into One run into the River; and that, in dry Seasons, 1 he whole Company, was read; which recites, That the said feve- River runs down Goit, to the Slitting Mills, ral Undertakers of the said Two separate Undertakings Being asked whether he thinks the Dam made below of the said River, above and below Holmjlik, had laid the Old Tail Goit, below the New Cut, would have af-out great Sums of Money in carrying on the said Navi- fefted the Mills while the Flood Gates were kept flint ? gations, and had made great Progress in making the He said, it was a temporary Dam, and would have afi-said River navigable, as well above as below Holmjlile-, fefted it for the Time; and that the l)ani was neceilitry, and that, for the better perfecting and carrying on the in order to have a Fall of 3 Feet Wafer, which could said Navigations, it was found necelfaiy, that the Un- not be obtained while the Water was in the Cut; and dertakers of both the said Navigations should be united that the Company intended to erect a Mill, or W ork, into One Company and Copart nership; and that all the there; that when the Proprietors put a Dam across the Iiiterefl of the Undertakers should be divided into 150 HplmGoit, they did not intend to erect what arc* properly

caiicd

2 Geo. its.

t i* Martik

f "

227

tailed Iron Works, b-jt a Work for boring Iron; bill be mads, and were referred to a geiiertd Meeting the that there was ho Occasion to employ or obflrdd the erifuing Year, .

That Mr. WitlkcrioXd il»e Witness; That if the Proprietors would not abate 6d. a Toii for All he carried upoti the River, he tvdiild ftdjl tip the N eifrCiit; the Witness desired hiht not to do July thing which might prejudice the Navigation; and he would acquaint the Committee with hisDbniaHds; but received for Arifwer;

Water till the Mill Was eroded.

That there is no Necessity, nor Can it be of Any Use to Messrs. Walkers and Company, tofliut the lower Flood Gate irk the New Ciit; when there is nb Freflies,

Being asked. Whether fending the Water into the New Cufe even, not iu Fre/hes, does not hurt Mr: Wal-

injunous to Mr. Walker's Works; but that was their own Fault, by making the Cam in the New Cut.

In order to shew that the Company of Proprietors of the River Dun had a Right to ered a Work upon the Old TailGoit, the Agent for the Petitionersprodiiceda Lease from the Earl of Effingham to the said Proprietors, dated the 26 June 1760, whereby a Right Was granted to them to ered a grinding and boring Mill below tHb said New Cut, so as the same should not prejudice the Works eroded, or to be eroded, by the Lessees tinder his Lordship.

That the said Mill was intended to be conltruded with a Pair of Shuttles, of Four Feet wide each; so that when the Water had risen so much in the River Dun, as to obstrud Messrs. Walkers Works, the Flood Gates at the lower End of the Navigable Cut were then to be! shut, and the said Two Shuttles to be drawn up, and continue so, till the Water was so settled in the River, as not to hinder their Works; and then the Shuttles to be shut down again, and the Gates opened again at the lower End of the Navigable Cut.

Being cross examined, he said, That the Intent of eroding the Shuttles was to prevent Messrs. Walkers Works being thrown into back Water; but that the Works of the Proprietors, when the Shuttles were drawn up, could not go on; but if shut down, it would not throw Messrs. Walkers Works into back Water; that Lands through which the Cut made by Messrs. Walkers belong to Lord Effingham, and several others; and that the Flood Gates eroded there are the Property of the said Messrs. Walkers.

Mr. Wm. Martin said. That he had known the Na-vigations since Lady Day 17575 that he knows Jordan Dam, Rotherham High Dam, Ickles Dam, and Rotherham Mill; that Bromley Sands Cut is on the North Side of the River Dun, and goes out ofit at Ickles and falls into it at Rotherham High and that

Tinjley Cut, from Ickles Dam to Jordan is on the

South Side of the River.

That Holmes Goit is above 2 Miles long, on the North of the Dun, and goes out of the River by Jordan's Dam, close by the Weir, and returns into it about 300 Yards above Rolherl&m Weir.

That there is an Iron Furnace on Holme Goit, about a Quarter of a Mile from Jordan Dam, which he believes was built in the Year 1758; and that he has seen 3 Water Wheels there, which he believes are for rolling and flitting of Iron; but lie was never in the Works.

Being cross examined, he said. That he did not know that Jordan Dam, had been raised since the additional Works had been made.

That the New Cut was made about or 5 Years ago; and before that there was no Communication bat by the

Old Tail Goit; but that the Navigation was good before that Vessels could not go Up to Jordan's Lock, the New Cut was made, and seldom wanted Water ex- Being cross examined* he said, That when the Flood cept in dry Seasons. Gates were shut, the Water discharged itfelF down the.

That the Want of Water in Ickles Dam Hops the Old Goit, which was the fariie Way it discharged itfblf Trade from Rotherham to Tinjley, which is very confi- before the new Cut was made.

derable, above Months in the Summer.

That the Witness remembers a Dispute between Mr. Walker and the Proprietors, relating to the Tolls; that Messrs. Walkers and C*. complained they were overcharged f>d. a Ton, but were told no Abatement could Voi. 29.

And being asked. Whether the Navigation has not the same Use of the Water now, as it had before the new Cut was made ? He said; It had not; beCdqfe the Works then eroded did not consume a Third Part of the Water as the present Works do; and that none of

(tier

Dim

Nsvigiiioa-

ker's I j»bds? He said, That when the Watfer has flowed They would stay no longer: ,

about 18 Inches over Ickles Dark, and the lower Gates Th^t Messrs. Walkers imd C*. have always paid the in the Nest Ciit are open, it would not injure him. fariie Prifce as other Navigators; to Tmflcy,

That the Dam made by the Proprietors In Holm's and the Places between; and that there are but two Prices Goit penned up 2 Foot Inches Water, Which Was very upon the River, one up to Doncffier, and another Up to

Tinjley 5 but that he thinks the Proprietors chritgfe fohie-thing left up lo Swinton, which lies about Half Way

between Doncajldr And Rotherham, than up or Titifiey \ hnd that the Rates of Tonnage are limited td a certain. Sum; to prove which, he produced find read to your Committee the federal Arts by which the said Duties ate laid. .

That When the Witness applied td Messrs. Walkers', they alleged it As a particular Hardship that they should pay the whole Toll when there were 3 Locks above; and desired aH Abatement of 6d. a Ton; but that the Witness thinks it.reasonable they fhodld be charged as other People, and that he believes thb Proprietors Have taken nd more than they are entitled to by the Act.

Being asked tile Question, he/aid; He believed the Waste Water, after serving the Mills, might be returned into the Navigation, or that A New Ciit thight be mdde upon the same Level With that of Messrs: Walkers; without prejudicing their Mills; And that before the neifr Cut and Mills were made, he never heard of any Boats being flopped hi Ickles Data; which did not get clear in 24 Hours.

Being asked, Hoiv many Locks there are between Walker's Works and the Head of the Navigation ? He said, there are 3 above Rotherham arid 2 above Holmes.

Mr. John Cockjhiit;being examined; said; That he

knows the River Dun, within the Limits described in the Petition, and has kno writhe 10 or iz Years, at which Time there was only One Slitting Mill there; and that 3 or Years Ago it new Slitting Mill and a Rolling Mill were eroded; that there is also a Blast Furnace for melting Iron Ore, and a Gri nding Mill; and that the Rolling Mill arid Slitting Mill appear to be much larger and stronger than before, and believes the present Mills have greater Power than the former.

That about 3 Years since a Navigable Cot was finished from the Tail of the Works on Holme's Go4t to Ickles Dam, which supplied the said Dam with Water, and thereby rendered it navigable; that then a Dam was made at about the Distance of 100 Yards from Holme's Green, for the Purpose of flopping the Water from running down the New Cut into Ickle's Dam; that afterwards, in August 1760, (as the Witness thinks) Flood Gates were erected for the same Purpose; that the Dafn was to keep the Water from running down into Bromley Sands Cut, and the Flood Gates are eroded for the same Purpose, only that they may be opened And flint occasionally, and they throw the Waite Water down the Tail of the old Goit into BotherhOm Dam; that when

the Witness saw the Flood Gates, which was in Summer* they were shut; the Consequence of which whs, the pinching the Navigation of Water in fd

Dun

Navigation,

ii° Martii. A. 17

thp Water of the QMrGoit discharged itself till it came to Rotherham Dam, before the new Cut was made.

Being asked, Whether if the Flood Gates next the River were to be left open in Times of Floods, it would not lay the Works in back Water ? He said, That those Gates are so conllrufted as to shut themselves, and by that Means prevent any back Water: but if the lower. Gates were taken away, the Floods would flop the Works:

That if the Owners of the Works were to fill up the new Cut, the Water would go the same Course it for-pierly did, and the Works would use the same Quantity of Water.

Mr Cockjhut, being further examined, said. That he

bas surveyed the River Dun from Holm's Goit along Jckle's Dam, to the Tail of the Works; that the Fall of Water from Bromley Sands Lock to Rotherham Dam is 6 Foot 11 Inches at the upper Flood Gate, in the New Cut, is 10 Inches, and the Water stood 2 Inches deep upon Holm's Mill Sheeting; so that the whole Fall from Holm's Mill to Rotherham Dam is 7 Foot 7 Inches; and that the Fall on Holm's Goit is nearly equal; that the Water run 8 Inches deep over the Dam, which is 12 Foot wide.at Holm's Goit, and that the Mills were then (landing dill.

That a new Cut might be made out of Holme Goit, from any Part above the Dam made by the Navigators,* into Bromley Sands Cut, which would answer the Purpose of the Navigation as well as the New Cut, and could be no Prejudice to the Works of Mefirs. Walkers and C\ but that such a Cut could not be made below that Dam without raising the Banks, to prevent overflowing the Lands; and that by raising Banks on Holm's Goit, it would be practicable to bring the Water into Bromley Sands Cut, from the Distance of about 400 Yards, without Prejudice to the Works.

Being cross examined, he was asked, Whether the Water from the W orks on Holm's Goit would flow into the Navigation when the main River is fresh or high ? He said, It could not; for then the Gates (hut thein-selves; and that in Times of Flood, it is necessary that the Old Tail Goit be kept open to prevent back Water in the Works; and that if the Blast Furnace is laid in back Water, it would be a great Damage to the Own-. ers; that when he surveyed the River, the Dam made in the Old Goit, by the Company, was 6 Inches lower than Melfrs. Walkers Works, and consequently could be no Obstruction to them; that the Ground where the Company have raised their Dam, in Holme Goit, is . higher than the Ground of Jckle's Dam.

Being asked, Whether if a new Cut was made below Mr. Walker's New Cut, into Ickles Dam, from the Goit, it would not be necessary to make a Dam in the Goit, in order to throw the Water into Ickle's Dam ? He said, It would , but that that Dam might be 6 Inches . lower than the Sheeting of the Mills; and that the Works could not receive any Injury from thence by the back Water.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned . Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, a Lease from the Right honourable the Earl of Effingham»dated the 21st Day of May 1759, to

Mefirs. Walkers and Crajhaw, of certain Mills and Premises therein contained, for the Term of 21 Years: Then,

Henry Wilmot Esquire informed your Committee, That there was an Action brought about lad Term, by Mefirs. Walkers, against the Agents of the River Don Company, for erecting a Dam cross the Goit, whereby the Water was thrown back on their Works; that the Defendants pleaded Not guilty, and justified under the Proprietors of the River Dun, as their Servants; Setting forth in their Pleadings, Lord Effingham's Lease to the Walkers, in which there was a Reservation from

my Lord Effingham to erect BuiVing?, and to use the

Waters as mentioned in the Lease; and, setting forth their own Lease from Lord Effingham; then they justify the making the Dam, as being a necessary Step to their erecting a Building, in pursuance of their Lease; then there wasafpecial Replication, infiftingit was an Injury to the Works, contrary to the Tenor of the said Leases; upon which there were Demurrers and Issues joined therein; that the Demurrers have been once argued, and now (land for further Argument next Term.

The House was moved, That Part of the said Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, under their Common Seal, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made; and the Queliion being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving, perfecting, maintaining, and preserving the Navigation of the River Dun, from Rotherham, into a Dam called Jordan Dam, in the Parish of Rotherham, in.. the County of York;

And the previous Question being put. That that Queliion be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T«tafcrU»Y , 1*9-

Ten- ]

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed n Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Ellate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for applying the Surplus Money, arising the reby, for the Benefit of the said Infant: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Motion was made; and the Queliion being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for admitting Freemen of any Corporation as competent Witnesses on . Trials, in which the Corporation, of which they are Freemen, is concerned;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 49-

Tellers for the Noes, f } *3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Lane, Mr. Smith, Sir Ellis lisse. Sir George Armitage, Mr Mr.

and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedingsagainfl Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with Respect to the Prices of Beor and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions relative to the Exportation of Spiritous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the

more

Melli(h,»

Eft ate*.

Waite’i

Eftaieb.

Freemen

of

Corporation!

Evidence.

Price of Stronj Beer.

2 Geo. III. ii° — 15° 229

NSi

iiu

fcr-

K

Prpf?ffat!on 0 f Game.

Hungerton

Liclofare.

Sankey

Brook

Navigation.

Lanchester

laciofure.

Snettiftiam

Inclosure.

more effectual preventing the re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, ikipped for Exportation as Merchandize.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontoc5k the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received, upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re-, port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game was committed, be further adjourned till Turf day Morning next.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourn-, ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Parish of Hun in the County of Leicester, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Art made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County of and for extending and improving the said Navigation, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally readaSecond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Middlewood Moor, or Ujhaw Moor, within the Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the WholeYear Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year luclosures. Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snetti/ham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned VaL. 29.

Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to . whom the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the mth Year oflii.s late Mai jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for eon -' tinning an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Fiift, for hying a Duty of Two Pei lies Scots, or OneSix t h Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or Ibid.within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church and making a Harbour there; and for lay-inga Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods, imported and exported, into, and out of, the Port of the said Town, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour; was committed; after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day; being read;

The ftoufe resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to O.ie of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

150 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, ij6z.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish, Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Portesham, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Byde, Sir George Ann it aye, Mr. Mr.

kinson, Mr. Heweit, Sir ElliCunlife, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Rushout, Lord Cary fort, Mr. South-well, Mr. Lovelt, Mr. ProzvfeMr. IPhilworlh, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Gray, Mr. ToMr Mr.

Houblon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund

Thomas, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mr. Holt, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Foutre a Mr. Rigby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Sand And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and amending so much of Two Acts of the 27th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and W, as relates to the Road between Hinckley and Coventry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Harris, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. WMr. For Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Medlycott, Lord An Mr. Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Heweit, Sir Armine Mr. Mellish,

3 M Sir

Dumfries 7Vn Penie* Scots.

Mellifo'*

Elhtes.

Portefham

Inclosure#

Hinckley

to

Coventry

Road*

150 Martii.

330

Sir George Savile, Mr. Sir John Turner, Mr.

Holt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Parker, Mr. CuJl, Mr. Hume, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. man, Mr. Staunton, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Stafford, Northampton, Derby, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. James’* A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Westminster, poor, and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other oor* Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westmand for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said Parishwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to M r. Plumptre, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Wilbraham

Bootle, Mr. Knight, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Edmund Thomas Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Rushout, Lord Mr. Frazer, Mr. Coventry, Mr. PryJ'e, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bayntun, S\? Edward Mr. Bacon, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Buller, Mr. burn, Mr. Kynaston, Lord John Mr. Fuller,

Mr. White, Mr. Butler, Sir William Baker, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fare ter. Sir Knatchbull Wyndham and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A. 1762.

Borbach

to

Withrrlcy,

&c.

Bomb,

Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Inn, in the Parish of Burbach, in the County of Isicrjier, to the Turnpike Road between Leicester and and

from the Turnpike Gate, at to Wit her ley

Bridge, in the said County; and from Bridge

to the End of Fafeley Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and from Fieldon Bridge to Bourn Bridge, in Over Whit-acre i and from the Cross Lanes near If hit acre Furnace, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the Arbor Houses, at Mancester Lane End, to the said Guide Post, and to the South Halt End of the Street, called the Abbey End, in Nuneaton, in the said County of IVanvick; and from the City of Coventry, through Radford and Carjky, in the County of the said City, by Corley Church and Fillongley Church End, to Neiv Bridge, by Stoley Hill, to the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field and from Bentley Lane End to and over Baddejley Common, by the Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Watling Street Road, in the said County of and from the North Well End of Church Street, in Nuneaton, through Attleborough and Bramcote Lanes, to Wol-vey Heath, in the said County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Armitagepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 14 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Ckefier; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartdiffe Hill in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual; so far as the same relates to the said Road between Doncaster and Salter's Brook: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whiceihcet A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and others, living, having, or renting Estates in the Soaui, several Parishes on the North and South Sides of a Down, 17

Don caster . to Salter’s Brook Road.

called Salisbury Plain, and ufingaud travelling the Road

over the said Down, from WHill to Harnhnm Hill, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to die House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill has been presented for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road, at the Top of Hill, to a Place

called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Poll, Handing near the Bland ford Turnpike Road, on the Side of Hamham Hill, in the county of ; and representing to the House, That such Part of the said Road as lies between Whitejheet and Compton Hutt, in the Parish of ComptonChamberlaync, in the said County,

is on a fine level Down, and in tolerable Repair; and that several Parishes of the North and South Sides of that Part of the Plain meet so upon the said Down, that the Turnpike mull pass through the Parishes on each Sidej and all the Parishes on the North and South Sides thereof have much more extensive Public Roads in their several Parishes, under the said Down, to re-

Eiir, which are in many Places so deep, that the Statute abour on these Roads, exclusive of that over the Down, is insufficient to repair those under the Down: And that by the intended Bill, the Petitioners will have the additional Load of Tolls on passing the said Down} and therefore praying, That all the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants in and of the Town-ships, Parishes, and Places, in which any Part of the said Road lies, between the Top of Whitejheet Hill to Compton Hutt aforesaid, Donhead Saint Andrew only excepted, that shall be liable to Statute Work, or Labour, on the said Road, may be liable to One Day’s Statute Labour, and no more, for the First Year, on the said Road; and that where the Parishes on the North and South Sides shall meet on the said Road, that such Pa* rishes shall only alternately afterwards be obliged to do Statute Work thereon, beginning first with the Parishes on the North Side of the said Plain } and that such Statute Labour may not, in each of such Parishes, exceed One Day’s Statute Work, or Labour, in every other Year after the said first Year; and that the said Parish of Don-head Saint Andrew, on account of there being only Thir

ty Lugs within that Parish, which He on the said Road, which is now in very good Repair, and being already liable to Statute Labour for a Mile and a half on the Turnpike Road, from the said Top of Whitejheet towards Shaftesbury, may be totally exempted from any Statute Labour on the said Road.

Ordered, Tlmt the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinfonbe added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Hugh Bethell, Thomas Acklom, Thomas Esquires, Robert Grimjton, Esquire, an Infant, under the Age of One

and Twenty Years, by William and John

Grimston, Esquires, his Guardians, Jonathan Acklom, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in the several Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough, in the Parish of Skipfea, in in the County of York; and Mercy StWidow, Lessee,

together with the said Thomas Afor Three Lives,

under his Grace the Archbishop of York, Owner, in Right of his Archbishoprick, of the Rectory of Skipfea aforesaid, of all the Tithes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, and other Tithes and Offerings arising within the said Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough aforesaid. Part of the said Rectory.

A Bill for repairing and widening the High Road, leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in x Sudbury,

1 "

r

i J

1 j

I \

1 j

! 1 1

' j

! s

t!

c

Drirtgho

&C.

iQClofttlCt

Sudbury

to

Bury

St. Edmund’# Road-

a Geo. III. 15 0 Martii231

Sudbury/, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Mr. Gore, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr,

Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, was read a Se- Mr. Upton, Mr. Pry/e, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle,

cond Time. Mr. Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Bull,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sir Ellis

Mr. Kx/nafon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Montagu, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Edward Mr. Jloublon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cooke, Turner, Mr. Herbert, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Aber-

Mr. Barre, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Forrester, Lord crombie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hume, Sir Edward Simpson,

North, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Staun- Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Lovett, Sir Ed-

ton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles ward Winnington, Mr. Clive, Sir Mr*

Mordaunt, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Honyicood, and all the Members who serve for the

Mr. Whi/zoorth, Mr. Proivfe, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Counties of Hertford, Bucks, , Essex, Oxford,

Ilarlwrd, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Berks, Bedford, and NorthamptonAnd they are to

Savile, Mr. Hume, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Mawbcy, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sir William Codrington, Mr . Pryfe, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Speaker’s Chamber.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lane, Mr. Calvert, Mr. O/bal-defton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Cambridge, and Hertford: adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. certain Moor, or Common, called Middlewood Moor,

or UJhazo Moor, within the Manor of in the

Kiogfom A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of County of Durham, was committed, be now read. WLebo. Debts, within the Town and County of the Town And the said Order being read accordingly;

of Kingston upon Hull, was read a Second Time. The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George the said Report.

Montgomery/ Metham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord John And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Montagu, Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Se-Sir Edward Simpson, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Clive, Mr. cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put Prozofe, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Champion, Mr. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Buller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Holt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Al- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be derman Harley), Sir Robert Burdelt, Mr. Burrell, Sir ingrafted.

Charles Kemy/s Tynte, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Cufi, Lord Tilneyj, Mr. Vernon, Sir Ellis Cvnliffe, Mr. Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham presented to the

Onfow, Sir Roger Newdiga/e, Mr. Vane, Sir William House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ward, Sir Edward Hazeke, widening the Road from the High Post Road, near the Mr. Lane, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Calvert, Sir Robert Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ash-Long, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who ford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Durham, Kent; and from Bacon's Water to the City of Canter-Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And bury: And the same was received; and read the First they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Time.

the Speaker’s Chamber. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sproatley A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open f Fields, Pastures, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow

and Pasture Ground, in the Lordfiiip of Sproatley, in I Holderness, in the County of York, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Prozife, S\r Charles Mo?daunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir

Armitage, Mr. Toionfhcnd, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hzinter, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman Harley), Mr.

Jlozo, Mr. Rey/nolds, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Honyzcood, Lord Tilney, Mr. Bacon, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Buller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Vane, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Uptrn, Mr. Gore, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndhamand all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmor eland, and Lane of er: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sprrowi A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keep-Heroe ing in Repair, the Road from the South End of

rows Her tie, on Bu/hy Hthrough the Market downs

of Watford, Berkhamstead Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Petfiphcr's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Houblon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewelt, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham, Mr. Fi/z-herbert, Mr. Willy, Mr. Byde, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Archer, Lord Cary for I, Mr. Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Gray, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Chnlmondeley, Mr. Pye, Mr. Edmondjtone, Mr, Kynafon, Mr. Child, Mr.

Vol 29.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Rent Charge, in Fee Simple, in Trustees, for the Benefit of certain poor Families, described in the Will of John S/.y/leman, deceased, in Lieu of a

Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments) devised by the same Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Families; and for veiling the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd, Esquire, and his Heirs; was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Ellis Cunlijfe, Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mordaxfht, Mr. Bayntun, M Mr.

Houblon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Medlycolt, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Smith, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Knight, Mr. Upton, Mr. Tcznjhend, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, IS! r. Rigby, Lord Carysfort, M r. Hewett, M r. Wilkes, Mr. Fuller, S\f Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Buller, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Harris, Sir Armine hoifc, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Turner, Mr. Fane,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. , Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Harbord, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wynd-

ham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o (Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, and Effexr And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants in, and near, Bridgnorth and Prior's Ditton, in the County of Salop; and of the Pa-rifties of Bayton, Rocke, and Abberley, in the County of Worcester; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pet itioners observe by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Cleobury Mortimer to Morvil; and from

Lanchester

Inclosure.

Faversham,

ten.

Road.

Styleman’t

Estate.

Cleobury

Mortimer,

tic.

Roads.

Woburn Fqor.

Liverpool

Hirbour.

17

U.* CrofsHonfes-to Prior'sLitton, and el fe where, in the wardens, and Parishioners of the said Parish of Liver-[Anuitv of Salop; and felting forth, that it will be of pook, whose Common Seal and Names are thereto af-greav Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Country in fixed and subscribed; might be read; jp-wt;i1, if the Roads leading from the Cross Houses And the same being read accordingly;

a for (laid to the Town of Bridgnorth, and from Prior s The said Pill was read a Second Time. 1

Dillon to the Foot of the BrownClec Hill, in the said ResolveedThat the Bill be committed to Sir j

County of Salop; and the Roads leading from Clcobttrylife, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. Bridge- j

Jtior timer afori said, to the Turnpike Cate on Abberhy man, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Mr.

Hillsthrough the Parithesof Baylon, Roche, and Abber- Forresler, Lord John Mr. Knight, Sir I

la/,in the Count v of Woreefcr, be also repaired, under under Mr. Rigby, Lord Air. I

such intended Bill: And therefore praying, That the Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sir Lad broke, Mr.

said luff mentioned Roads may be amended, and kept Robinson, Mr. Grant, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Al-

in Repair, under and hv virtue of the said Bill. derman Dick infon. Lord Strange, Mr. Burrell, Mr.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coles, Mr. Mr. i ConfidpiTitiou of a Committee: And that they do exa- Ellis, Sir Garrard, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. 5s

mine the i\'alter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Mr. C; and all the Members who serve for the

appear to them, to the House: Counties of Lancaster, York, Cumberland,

And it is referred to Mr. Dozcdefwell, Mr. Kynaston, Westmoreland, and" Durham-, and for the Principality Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Bacon, Sir Edward Winning-of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon,.at

ton, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wedderbu rn, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all Cm/), Mr. Hales.Mr. Upton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Co- that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

vcnlry, Mr. Butler, Colonel Cakraft, Mr Mitchell, Sir

Ellis Cunliff'e, Mr. Herbert, Lord Carysfrt, Mr Monta- Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Sevenoak*

gu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onjluio, Mr. Fuller, the Bill for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more

Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Buller, Sir Ed- effectual, so much of an Act ma le in the 14th Year of l

mimd Liam, Mr. Murray, Mr. Ojbaldefon, Mr. Smith, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Road*.

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Robinson, Sir Roger Mt'jh/n, Sir. intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers

Bull, Sir Robert Imi:", Mr. Rigby, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the

Mellish, Mr. Codb, Mr. Houblon, Mr. De Grey; and all Roads leading from Samoa ks to and the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, bridge If'ells and from Wood/gate to Kippr g's Cross,

Salop, Hereford, and Stafford; and for the Principality in the County of Kent; and also ior repairing the Roads

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at from Kipping’sCrofsaforcbudtoLamberhnrf

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pullen’s in the iaid County; and to Vent,

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. in the County of Sufic; as relates to the Amending, y

Repairing, and keeping in repair, the said Roads leading a

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act from Kipaforefnid, to Pound, for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Pullen’s and Finn-well l ent al >relnid; was comments, heretofore given in Trull, for the Benefit of the mitted; rl hat the Committee had examined the Allega-poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County tions of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Heirs; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof; made several Amendments t hereunto; which they had was read a Second Time. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Adr. Rigby, Report in his Place; and afterwards deljve.ed the Bill,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mor- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: W here daunt, Mr. P rowfe, Mr. Dowdefiveil, Mr. Aldworth, Sir the Report was read.

EllisCunliffe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bull, Mr. And several of the Amendments made by the Com-Ward, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gas- mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second coyne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

War fey, Mr Medlycott, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. TozvnJhend, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Harley, LordCarysfort, Mr. Several other of the Amendments made by the Com-

Molt/neu.r,hlr. Coventry, Mr. Touchelt, S\r Francis Poole, mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Sir Edward Win- Time, were, upon the Question leverplly put thereupon, ningto Mr. Buller, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hume, postponed. /

Sir John Turner, Mr. Hales, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Maw bey, 1 he Residne of the Amendments made by the Com-

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Clive, Sir Wynd- mittee to the said Bill, being fe\era!!y read a Second ham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who Time, were, upon the Quelhon severally put there-

serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Cambridge, upon, agreed to by the House.

and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Ordered, That the said Bill be rc-comm'tted, wit h re-

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. spect to the Clanfe for enabling the Iruf'.ees to Tovver

the Tolls; to which Clanfe the Committee had made A Motion being made. That the Bill to enlarge the the Amendments which have been postponed.

Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 1 ith Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, ‘‘for continuing Committee to whom the same was committed.

" several Act* relating to the Harbour of Liverpool,

" and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making an A Message from the Lords by Mr. Daval and Mr.

" additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Bonner:

" Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock;" Mr. Speaker,

and for erecting Light Houses, or proper Lights, within The Lords have agreed to the Bill, int it uled. An Act of

the said Port; and fer the Preservation and Improve- to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater ment of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mer- to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Lcngf -rd , fey, within the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool-, be Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Pa- Longford now read a Second Time; Jatine of Lancaster, to the River at a Place called The House was moved. That Part of the Petition of the Hempfones, in the Township of Halt on, in the

the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, County of Chefer, without any Amendment: And also, of the Bbrough and Corporation of Liverpool, in Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fiftertoa mou Council assembled; and of the Rectors, Church- to amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Bri<)ge

last Road-

32 150 Mar Hi.

2 Geo. III.

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at

hughby Hedge, in WestKnoyle; and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the Well End of;

and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hilly in the Parish of UrJhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Jean Charnaudwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Britishi The House being informed that Mr from the

Museum. Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The general Account of the Trustees of the British Museum.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was ready

Ordered, That the said Account do lieupon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Rye Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Phillips Esquire, deceased.

Dr. Barton Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to ihaakcd. the Rev. Dr. Barton, for the Sermon by him preached ' upon Friday\o&, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster-, and that he bedefired to print the fame: And that Mr. Cocks and Sir Roger do acquaint

him therewith.

Discovery Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to of tl* O/der, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act made loegitude. hi the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the Making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Westminster Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, who Street*, were appointed to consider of proper Methods for the better Paving, Enlightening, and Cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parillies of Saint Mary Le Bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of the

several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex-, That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon reading several of the Acts of Parliament hitherto paired, relating to paving and cleansing the Streets within the City and Liberty of and

upon the Examination of several Persons whom your Committee called before them; and also upon considering the several Accounts relative to the Matter referred to the Consideration of your Committee, and whichyour

233

Committee had directed to be laid belore them, and have hereunto annexed; your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury-,that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; are, in general, very ill paved and cleansed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method of taking Care of the Pavements, by the Annoyance Jury, is ineffectual to answer the Purposes intended by the Legislature.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method, of the Inhabitants paving before their own Houses, without being limited, either in Time, Materials, or Method of doing it, is One Cause of the bad Pavements of the Streets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the respective Companies who furnish Water to the Inhabitants, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, being permitted to take up the Pavements by their own Workmen, and not being obliged to lay down the Dime in a proper and effect uni Manner, is another Cause of the bad Pavements of the Streets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, are not duly and properly lighted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the future, the Paving, Cleansing, keeping in Repair, and Lighting the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys; and also removing Nuisances thereout, and making the same more ornamental and commodious; be put under the Management of Commissioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from the present bad, irregular Paving, both as to Manner and Materials, it will be absolutely necessary to lay in most Places a new Pavement, instead of repairing and amending the old one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Expence of new paving any Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, will be too great to be borne wholly by the Inhabitants of such Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Alleys.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Inhabitant of any Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be liable to contribute or pay towards the new Pavement of such Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, until the Pavement of such Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be completed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Alleys, which shall remain not paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, shall continue to be kept in Repair, lighted, and cleansed, according to the Laws now in being for those Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards New Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and keeping in Repair, the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Allej's, a Pound Rate should be laid on every Inhabitant thereof, so soon as any such Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be new paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Inhabitants, paying to such Pound Rate, should be exempted from the Charge of Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and keeping in Repair, the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys; and from all Penalties incurred by neglecting the fame.

150 Marlii.

Vol. 29.

3 N APPENDIX,

Westmififter

Street*.

234 150 Ma . 1762.

Wt ltminfer '

Succt*.

APPENDIX, N* I.

In Obedience of an Order of the Committee appointed to consider of proper Methods for the better Paving,. En!i"litening, and Cleansing the Squares, Streets, I anes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of the Parallies of-S'/. Mary le Bon, St.Giles in the St. George the Martyr, St. George Bloomsbury , and

that Part of the ParitU of St.Andrew Holborn which lies in the County of Mid die fee; the several Liberties

of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of which lies in the County of Midillesex;

dated the 25th Day of February, 1762:

The Total of the Rent of the Houses in the Parish of St. Clement Danes, in the Liberty of

Westminster \and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, in the County of Middlesex, which ,£.44,423- o. o. is in the said Parish, as charged to the Poor the last Year, amounts to - - - - J

The Raker is paid yearly - - £.400. o. o.

t

Scavenger’s Book and Making up Account - - - £.8. 12. o.

N* II.

In Obedience of an Order from the Committee appointed to consider of proper Methods for the belter Paving, Enlightening, and Cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of St. Mary le Bon, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, St. George, Bloomsbury; and that Part of the Parish of St. AndreioHolborn, which lies in the County of the several Liberties of the Rolls, and Savoyand that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex-,dated the 25th Day of February, 1762.

The Total of the Rent of the Houses in the Liberty of the Rolls, in the County of q

as charged to the Poor the last Year, amounts to - - - i

The Raker is paid yearly - £. 46. o. o.

Scavenger’s Book ——

N° III.

3d March, 1764.;

In Obedience to an Order of a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 25 th February last:'

The Total of the yearly Rents of the Houses, in that Part of the Parish of Atidrezo, 1

Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex; and the Parish of Saint ^£.48,436. o. o. George the Martyr, in the same County j as charged to the Poor’s Rate, amount to - I

The Raker, for Cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places in the abovesaid Parishes (exclusive of Red Lion Square) is paid annually, the Sum of - £. 700. o. *>.

2 Geo. Ill* 150 Mitrti 235

W flmlnHcr bnrcus.

N° IV.

COPY of the Poor’s Rate for the Free in cl of the Savoy, for One Quarter of a Year, from Lady Day 1761,

to MidsummerDay 1761.

Names of the Inhabitants, and Sums assessed.

----- - - - - 1

Thomas Richardfan X Edward lfodjoll

Birkcnho

Thomas Latter Thomas IF heeler -

Sarah Kidd -

William Bat hoe X Edward Wilson Thomas Waller JoJ'eph Prior William Pq/heler -Sarah Day -William Stephenson Elizabeth Auberry

Thomas Cheese

Elizabeth Portias -Edward Milbourn Mary Billings -

John St. Andrew -George Thompson -

Ki/tdall Hannah Nicholson Rupell Henry Waylett Henry Bryan

Mary Collins Sarah Slade Robert Parrott Thomas, Ovens

Daniel Nicolson - -

Thomas Cheese, junior -

This Quarter empty. John Reeve X Joseph Purduex -

Leonard X -Catcman

ITs. d.

- — 12 6 Mary Tudkins

- — 11 6 " Thos. Cjunior

- — n 6 Jacob Esquire

- — ii 6 Matthew -

- — 11 6 William Hedley

- — 10 — Andrew Millar

- — ii 6 Thomas Shields -

- — 4 — William Archer

- — 10 — Thomas Cheese

- — 11 6 John Treafer -

- — 10 — Welding X

- — 11 6 Henry Ehlers

- — 11 6 Jeremiah

- — 11 6 Whitely

- — 8 6 Reverend Mr. Bittins

- — 5 — Parry

- — 7 6 William Sherratt -

- — 9 — John Meredith X -

- — 96 Captain Harper -

£ s. 3 d.

V - 2 6

- - . 7 6

_ 6 —

- - 5 6

- - 6 —

- - 4 —

- - 5 6

- - 6 —

- 8 —

w . 3 —

- , I 5 —

- - — 6 6

- — 4 —

- - — *7 6

- . 5 6

- - — 5 —

- - 8 -

- - TO —

- — 12 6

- — ii 6

- — 12 6

- — 10 6

- — 12 6

- — 12 6

- — 7 6

- - 4 6

£ 23 4 —

The Rate, from Lady Day 1761, to Lady Day 1762, has been the fame; and, according to the above Rate, should produce£.92. 1 6s.of which about 80. os.

is collected and applied to the Use of the Poor.

Those that are eroded are those that are excused, as being poor, or serving Parish Offices.

_ — 12 6 Copied from the Collecting Book of the Poor’s Rate,

— 3 — by W. Bathoe, One of the Overseefs of the Poor ior

- — 3 — the present Year.

_ 5 0

Vox.. 29.

1

15® Martii.

A. 1762.

Westimafttt

Street*.

N® V.

SCAVENGER’S Rate for the Precinct of the Savoy, for the Year 1761.

Thomas Richard/on Edward Hodfoll Capt. Birkenhout -

Thomas Latter Thomas Wheeler Sarah Swift -William Bathoe Edzoard Wilson Thomas Waller Thomas Prior William Pajheler Widow Day -William Stephenson Widow Auberry Thomas Cheese Elizabeth Portias Robert Millbourn Mary Billings John St. Andrew Widow Kendall Hannah Nicholson Rupell

Henry Waylett Henry Bryan Widow Collins

INHABITANTS NAMES.

£ X. d.

- - - O 12 0

- - - O *3 9

- O 12 6

- O 12 0

O 12 0

- - O ro 0

- 0 12 6

- * 0 4 0

m J - 0 10 0

- - 0 io 0

- - 0 11 3

- 0 12 6

m - 0 11 3

- - 0 10 0

- - 0 5 0

0 3 9.

- 0 7 6

- 0 7 6

- 0 7 6

- - 0 12 6

- - 0 10 0

- - 0 10 0

- - 0 3 0

- - 0 12 6

- 0 12 6

C 12 10 6

N° VI.

IN Obedience to an Order of a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 25th Day of

February, 1762.

The Total of the yearly Rent of the Houses in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields and George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesexj as charged to the Poor's Rate for the Year 1761; amounts to -

‘£61,057.

o. o.

The Raker, for Cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, in the above Parishes; and Carrying away the Dirt and Ashes; is paid, annually, the Sum of -

£ 95®* o*

N. B. The Houses in the said Parishes are charged at the Rack Rents; and this Account includes a great Number of small Houses, the Occupiers of which* by reason of their Poverty, cannot pay the Parish Rates.

3d March, 1762.

N® VII.

Geo. Ill*

Westminster

Street*

15° Martii.

237

N'VII.

Si. Mary Le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

The First Rate for the Poor, made in May 1761, at 6d. in the Pound. Total of the Rent Charge

£ 18,920 — —

At jd. in the Pound.

The Second Rate for the Poor, made in November 1761; the Rents having increased, the Total of the Rent Charge amounts to -

20,194-----

At 6d. in the Pound.

The Total Rent Charge of the Rate, for cleansing the Streets, fcfc. and repairing the High--) ways, consolidated, (pursuant to Aci of Parliament) in which is included the Landholders, ( 18,960 — ""

amounts to )

At tj. fid. in the Pound.

The I.amp Rate, by 29 9 Geo.id is directed to be made on all Persons inhabiting the Streets,'

(Ac. where Lamps are, or shall be, erected by Order of the Committ- e th -rein mentioned; but, as most of the Inhabitants (efptci.dly Persons of Ou. lity and DistinCHon^ chuse to put I up Lamps at their own Expence, w Inch they may do upon giving proper Notice, the Bur-then at present lies chiefly upon the poorer -iort of Inhabitants.

The Rent Charge fluctuates, but is at present about -

£ 206 — ""

The present Contractor has agreed with the Committee to cleanse the Streets, 0?c. for One Year, to Midsummer next, for -

The Composition with the Trustees of the Turnpike Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in lieu of Statute YV ork; and towards repai ring the Pavement of Oxford Street

£ «7®-----

£ 75

The present Contract with the Lamp Lighter, for lighting about 112 Lamps, is at/. 1. 12. o. per Annum, each.

Jno. Aujlin, Vestry Cl.

n* viir.

AN Account of the Total of the yearly Rents in the Parish of St. Paul, Covent , in the Liberty of West-

rn infer, charged to the Poor of the said Parish; and also the Scavenger’s Rate for the Year last pall, for the same Parish.

Total Rents £.25,615 — —

Total Scavenger - -- - - -- £.280 — —

John Spranger, Vellry Clerk.

N* IX.

St. Anne, Westminster.

In Obedience to an Order of a Committee of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d Day of 1762, the following Accounts are laid before the said Committee:

The Total Rent Charge to the Poor’s Rates, in the Parish of Si. Anne, Westminster, for the Year 7

1761, amounts to - -- - J £ 34> 57

The Sum paid by the Scavengers to the Raker of the said Parish, for the feme Year - £. 350 — —

David Walter, Vestry Cl.

VOL. 29.

SO

N*X,

Westminster

Streets*

238 150 Ma. A. 1762.

N*X.

AX Account of the Total of the yearly Reut Charge of the Parish of M the , within the Liberties

of the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to the Poor of the said Parish, at a Rack Rent; and also

the Scavenger’s Rates for the Year last past.

Rent Charge to the Poor .....£.87,180-----

Scavenger’s Rates, per Annum - - - - 870 — —

I11 the above Computation is included the Rack Rent of the several Houses in Scotland Yard, Whitehall, The Mews, The Friary, St. James, who do not pay anything to the Scavenger’s Rate.

N. B. The Parish of St Martin in the Fields is rated to the full Rack Rent, whereas many other Parishes are rated only at 3-4<hs, l-half, or some other Proportion of the Rack Rent; and, by a particular Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign ofliis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for making a " better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor, for the Cleansing of the Streets, and for keeping " a Nightly Watch w ithin the said Parish;" the Care of cleansing the Streets is committed to the Vellry of the said Parish.

Burroughs.

N° XI.

AN Account, shewing the Total of the yearly Rent Charge to the Poor, at a Rack Rent; and also the Scavenger’s Rates for the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster.

Total of the yearly Rent Charge to the Poor - - £. 50,007-----

Scavenger’s Rate 450-----

Thomas Drake.

N* XII.

St.George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster.

Total of the Rent Charge for Relief of the Poor, and repairing the 1761 -

Total of the Rent Charge, for cleansing the Streets, fcfc. ----- £. 83,790 -

N.B. The Inhabitants of the Out Parts, where there is no Pavement, are not charged to the Scavenger’s Rate,

The above Rates are consolidated, pursuant to Act of Parliament.

The present Contraftor has agreed with the Governors and Directors to cleanse the Streets,) - rQQ________

fcfc. for One Year, to Eqfternext, for - - - $

The Compositions with the Trustees of Kensington and Marybone Turnpike Roads, in lieu of Statute Work, are - - - - £ 17°

ighways, made in Mayj 88j574 __________-

Wm. Nicholson, Cl. to Mr. Parry, Vellry Cl.

N* XIII.

Total of yearly Rent Charge for the Poor’s Rate, of the Parish of St, , Westminster, for) - n

the Year 1761

John Riifiat, Vellry Clerk.

N-XIV.

a Geo. III.

239

15° Ma’.

N- XIV.

Saint James, within the Liberty of

Westminster

Streets.

Total of the Rent Charge to the Scavenger’s Rate, for the Year 1761, amounts to -William Lambe, for Samuel Seddon, One of the Vestry Clerks of The Rate whereof, at 3 d.in the Pound, amounts to

A- -87,760-----

£ d. 1,097 — —

N# XV.

To the Committee of the honourable House of Commons, appointed to consider of proper Methods for the better Paving, Enlightening, and Cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and-Liberty of Westminster, See. and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining the reto:

In Obedience to your Order of the 3d of March instant, for the proper Officer to lay before the said Committee the Total of the yearly Rent Charge to the Poor and Scavenger’s Rates, of the Parish of St. Mary le Strand, for the Year lad pad (which Parish is but finall, and lies partly within the Liberty of Westminster, and partly in the said Duchy of Lancaster) I do humbly certify. That the total Rent Charge to the Poor and Scavenger’s Rates, of the said Parish, the last Year, amounted to £. 5,443, which, at in the Pound, that was charged the last Year to the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish, came to £.367. ijs. 4 and at 3d. in the Pound to the Scavenger’s Rate, came to £.68. or. gd. but, by reason of several of the Tenants leaving their Houses, and Houses Handing empty that Year, there was collected and received the Sum of£. 359. 6s. only, of the said Poor’s Rate; and the Sum of £.64. os. gd. only, of the said Scavenger’s Rate; the Palace of Somer/el House, within the said Parish, being not charged, either to the Poor’s or Scavenger’s Rates, His Majesty allowing a Bounty of £. 30 a Year-to the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and the Pavement before the same is kept in Repair by His Majesty’s Board of Works.

March 8th, 1762.

Robt Bygrave,

Vestry Clerk of the said Parish,

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And a Motion being made. That the said Report be 1 referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the

1 whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further

1 of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Matter mentioned in the said Report, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

PriceMr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions, relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the Re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation, as Merchandize; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the V OL.2g.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- Militia terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Law* the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raifnig and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilk

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supplying next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

1

Way*

ana

Meant*

S-emfham

inclosure.

Ditto*

Cleobury

Mortimer*

&c.

Road*.

Farrad*i

Common!

&c.

Road,

240 150 — 16° A. 176a.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ford, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. , Sir Armine ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M r. Smith, Mr. Doudefivcll, Mr. Harleij, Mr. W tikes,

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Mr. Sturt, Mr. Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

_aifing the Supply granted to His Majesty. Newton, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Morgan, Lord

Mr. Fisher, Mr. OJbaldrJion, Mr. Lord

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- ton, Mr. llouhlon, Mr. Hard, Mr. Mr.

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for divid- Hume, Mr. Mr. Mr. Butler; and all the

ing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Paliure Members who serve for the Counties of tl ills,

Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year inclosures. Shack ctfierSomerset, Southampton, and Cornioall: And they Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in in the County of Norfolk, was committed, be further the Speaker’s Chamber, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the 33d Yrear of Oido*mc,u. Ordered, That Sir John Turner have Leave to make the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for *c-

a Motion, it being alter Four of the Clock. repairing and widening the Ronds from Gate, 04

And he moved the House accordingly. in Popham Lane, to the City of; and from

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford-, and

Tomorrow, to proceed further upon the said Report from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Hoad at Rom-

after lwo of the Clock. fey; and from the said Turnpike Road through

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Bridgeman reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Centlemen, Freeholders, and Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- Mr. Mr Mr. Mr. Hewett,

feribed, residing in, or near, the Town of Bridgnorth, Mr. Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr

and the Parish of Oldbury, in the County of Salop, was Mr. Ednwnjbn, Mr Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat- Hume, Mr. l emon, Mr. Tujshell, Mr. Mr. ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report man; and all the Members who serve for the Counties the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he of Dorset, Southampton, and: And they are to

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tha vered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Speaker's Chamber, read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Shtnky Mr. John Brooke, being examined, said. That the Road mon Fields, in the Manor Brook End, in Brook

leading from Billingsley, Deuxhill, and Glazeley, to, and the Parish of Shenley, in the County of Bucks, was read *nciomrt‘

through, the Village and Parish of Oldbury, to the Town a Second Time.

of Bridgnorth, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Be, T haf the Bill be committed to Mr. Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be Mr. Mr. Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appoint- Smith, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Whitworth. Mr.

ed by the Laws in being. Kynaston, S\r Roger Nnodigate, M r. Sir Charles

Ordered, That it be an I nft ruction to the Committee, Movdau M r. Harris, Sir John Philipps, M r.

to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping Lord Can/.fort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord in Repair, the Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer., Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Holt, Sir Francis Puile, to Morville, and from the Cross Houses to Cleobury Mr. BrMr. Wilkinson, Mr. Staunton, Sir Ellis North and Prior’s Ditton;and to the Liberties of Cunliffe Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Sir Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop-, and from Cleobury Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Maubey, Sir George Mortimer to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Mr. Scrgifon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fuller, Sir George -Tetiburij, in the County of Worcester-, is committed; gomery Me than/, Mr. Medlyrntt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill Jhend, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Mr. and all the Members who serve for the

Roads leading from Glazeley, to and through the Village Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Northampton, Oxford, and and Parish of Oldbury, to the Town of Bridgenorth. Wartcick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

wood, in the County of Southampton, to Longhorn Bridge, and Winborne M'mjler, in the C minty of Dorset-, and for amending and widening the Road between Bing-wood Gate and Woolsbridge, in the County of ampton; and from Wocljbridgeto the great Wefiern Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cajlnr.ore Inn, leading from Bland ford Forum to the City of Neus Sarti/n; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Laf Mr. , Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Smith, Mr. IVitkes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Honyuood, Sir George SMr. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whiticorth, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. On/lozo, Mr. Byde, Sir Francis Pock, Mr.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and shorten-ing the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr ad's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melhsham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of

Laycock, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Harris, Sir Edmund, Thomas, Mr. Paterson, Mr. L, Mr. Touchett, Mr.

Whi/uorth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. , Mr. Hunter,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Holt, S\r Charles Kerry sTynte, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Har-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Swubumc Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sivanburne, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed); viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. Leave out " before the Inclosing thereof equal in Value to Fourteen Pounds and Ten Shillings, by the Year, free from Tithe," and

in lert

t

1

t

c

0!

AT

V'

Ik

- (o \\ to

I?

V!

Air

I'-i

!L

0

io

h

Of

1:

h

k

h

t

a*

j

V

k

2 Geo. III.

i 6°Martiu

241

Gfr.-.

Waite'*

Hare.

Ashborne,

&c.

Road.

insert "at the Time of making such Allotment a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands and Right of Common, now belonging to the said Vicarage."

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas , an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for apply ing the Surplus Money arising the reby, for the Benefit of the said Infant, was read the First Time. liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, to Congleton, in the county of ; and

also the Road leading from Hanging Bridge, near Ashborne, to the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom Whiffendine the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Il,c,ofure* mon Fields, and Common Grounds, in Whiffendine, in the County of Rutland, w’&s committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except who has

Two Quarters of a Yard Land in the said Fields, who being applied to, refused to consent to the Bill; and said. That he thought Inclosures were prejudicial to the Poor; and except Mrs. Breivin, who had Two

Yard Lands, and Three Quarters of a Yard Land in the said Fields, who being applied to, refused to consent . to the Bill, and said. She was against all Inclosures; and also, except Thomas Noel, Esquire, who, as surviving Trullee, under the Will of Bennet, the first Earl of Harborough, is seised of the Impropriate Rectory of Whiffendine, and of certain Tithes belonging to the said Rectory, and of divers Lands within the said Parish, upon the several Trulls, and for the several Purposes in the said Will mentioned, refused to consent to the Billi

tie under Lyne, at Spath, in the County of a Stafford-, and because there was not Land enough offered by the Bill

iw

r

h|

Blrnt said others) Elhtes.

Flimwell,

&c.

Rwd.

also the Road leading through the Town of the Turnpike Road at Blyth in the said County of Stafford; and also the Road leading by in

the County of Stafford, over Bridge, to the

Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Re solved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town

of Leek, in the County of Stafford-, and from Cate, upon Ru/hton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester-, and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne, to Buxton, near Thorp, iti the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Netodigafereported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry James

rozo, Esquires, and others, of several El’tates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent and for vesting and

settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through High-gale, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sand-hurst, Newenden, and Northia/n,to Rye, in the said

County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

in lieu of the said Tithes; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Teefe, at or near the Ferry, in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pafl’ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Henrietta Frederique, Viscountess Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengens withdrew.

Teefe

Bridge

at

Stockton.

Nottingham

Street*.

Lady Stormont’* Nat.

Dringhoe,

&c.

Inclosure.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclliong Common Fields, Commons, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships or I Iamlets of Dr ing-hoc, Upton, and Brough, in the Parish of Skipjea, in Holdernessy in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received5 and read the First Time.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for admitting Freemen of any Corporation as competent Witnessfes on Trials, in which the Corporation, of which they are Freemen, is concerned.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigtoivn, New Galloway, Stranraer, and White horn, in the room of the Honourable Keith Stuart, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Freemen

of

Corporation*

Evidence.

Wigtown,

&c.

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of

3 P w Somerset,

Taunton

Writ.

242 i 6° — 17* Martiu A. 1762.

Somerset, in the room of the Right Honourable George Ordered, That Mr. Alderman have Leave

Earl of Tyrconnel, in the Kingdom of Ireland, de- to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock, ceased. And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrofieri Bill for appointing Commissioners for Supply Bill; Supplying A Bill for the better Supplying the Cities of London putting in execution an Act of this Session of Parlia- band Tax. the tfilh and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present ex- ment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Ma*

Market*, orbitant Price thereof; and to encourage Fishermen; jesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for

was read a Second Time. the Service of the Year 1762, was read the Third

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, rafolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

SnettHham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Inclosure. the adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to proceed further upon the said Report after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the adjourned Consideration of the said Report be now resumed, though it be after Two of the Clock.

The House accordingly resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Regulation The Order of the Day being read, for taking into _ Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom

t(ve" the Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are fre-Thame*. quantly committed by Persons navigating the Boats, commonly called Bum Boats, and other Boats and Vessels upon the River Thames, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all the Merchants of the House, and all the Members who serve for the Sea Ports, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Annuity The House, according to Order, resolved itself into to a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the v oflow,c q. Qjpy of Letters Patent, for granting an Annuity to the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Esquire; and also the Account of the Payments on the Grant of/. 3,000 per Annum from His Majesty to the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Archer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Preservation The other Order of the Day being read j

of Game. Ordered, That the further Confiuei-ation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game was committed, be further adjourned till T/mrfday Morning next.

18

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire‘their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

An ingrossed Bill to prevent vexatious Proceedings Pr>« of against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with rei’pest to ^lrong Beer* the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the Re-landing of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, fliippedfor Exportation as Merchandize; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions relative to the Exportation ot Spirituous Liquors to the Exportation of Strong Beei and Ale; and for the more effectual preventing the Relanding of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped foi Exportation as Merchandize.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till To-mocroir Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 170 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Petition of feve- Bridgeton ral of the Trullees appointed to put in execution from an Act of Parliament, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Hollow Way, on the West Side of Lord ford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends,

to Biddaford, in the County of Devon, and Creditors

under the said Act; and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefl’es, and of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of TotneJ's, BridgetoivnPomeroy, Berry Pomeroy,

Stoke Gabriel, Paington, Marldon, Bovey Tracey, -ington, Battery-, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads therein after mentioned; which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February lait; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered,

a Geo. III.

Cltobury

Mortimer,

ftc.

loids.

170 Martii.

243

Ordered, That so much of the said Petition, as relates. A Petition of William Iturjl, Esquire, oft behalf of to the Road from Tolness,through the Parish of Dar- himself, and several others, Proprietors and Occupiers tington, toStaverton Bridge; and from Totness, through of Lands, near the Town of Hinckley, in the County the said Parish of Darlington, to Cobbafon Lane End, of Leicester, waspresented to the House, and read; Al-next to Witling Cross; and from Hexham's Cross, to the Ieging, That the Petitioner, and others, are Owners and

End of Marsh Lane, leading to Buckfajlleigli, in the Pa- Occupiers of certain Lands and Grounds, near the said rish of Battery; be referred to the Consideration of a Town of Hinckley and that the Petitioner has the Ad-Committee: And that they doexamine the Matterthere- vantage of having several Springs of Water in some

Hinckley

to

Coventry

Road.

of; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Montagu, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sir John Gib-

bons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Parts of his said Estate, which, after having watered that Part where they rife, run through the Town of Hinckley, and then again enter other Parts of the said Petitioner’s Estate, where the Petitioner has constantly made Use of the same for the Purpose, not only of watering Cattle, but to overflow the Lands at certain Seasons and that the said Lands have, for some Years pall, borne considerable Crops without any other Method be-

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lascelles, ing used to enrich them; and taking Notice of the Bill Mr. Hume, Sir ArmineWtvdehouse, Mr. Buller, Mr. V°r- for explaining and amending so much of Two Acts, of non, Mr. Shafloe, Sir George Savile, Mr. Popham, Sir the 27th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repair-Bobertlx>ng, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Edinonfon, Mr. j Fenton, ing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Mr. Clive, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Bull, Mr. Holt, Mr. Staun- Leicester and Wancick, as relates to the Road between ton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harbord; and all the Members Hinckley and Coventry; and representing to the House,

who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

that, unless the Trustees are restrained from diverting the Course of the said Water, they may, under their present Powers, divest the Petitioner of his Property

her; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and therein, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner anti

Records.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Inhabitants in and near Bridge-north and Prior's Ditton, in the County of Salop, and of the Parishes of Bayton, Rocke, and Abberley, in the County of Worcester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Holland, being examined, said. That he is well acquainted with all the Roads mentioned in the Petition:

That the Road from the Cross Houses to the Town of Bridgenorth, and also the Road from Prior's Ditton to the Foot of the Brown Clee Hill, are very bad and foun-derous, and can’t be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

1 hat the Road from Cleobury Mortimer, to the Turn-

others: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to prevent any Injury being done to the Petitioner and others, in their Estate and Property in the said Water; and that such other Relief may be granted in the Premises as to the House Iliad seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill. is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Mead Brook, the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act &c. made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangottfeld, in,

the County of Gloucester, t oChriJlianMalford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines, in the said Parish; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Trustees of the Road leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Old Sodbury

pike Gate on Abberley Hill, (except so much of it as Hill, in the County of Gloucester, commonly called the lies between Cleobury and Poullers, being Part of the Sodbury Hill Road, and of the Lenders of Money on

Turnpike Road from Cleobury to is very fam-

ous and bad, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being:

And that it would be a great Advantage to the neighbouring Inhabitants, and to the Country in general, if Provision was made for effectually repairing and widening all the said Roads.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer to Morvil; and from the Cross Houses to Cleobury North and Prior’s Ditton, and to the Liberties of Bridgnorth, in

the County of Salop-, and from Cleobury Mortimer to the . , - f

Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tenbun/, in the

the Credit of the lolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee bad considered the said Petition; and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he'read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to

County of Worrefer; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from the Cross Houses to the Town of Bridgnorth; and also the Road from Prior's Ditton to the Foot of the Brown Clee Hill-, and also the Road from the Turnpike Gate on Abberly Hill, to a Place called Poulters, in the Turnpike Road from Cleobuiy to Bewdley.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for Naturalizing Henrietta Frederique, Viscountess Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir

Lad

Stormont'

Nat.

244

170 Martii.

J. 17

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road j-rom the Turnpike Road at in the County of

Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Way, in the County of Wilts, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Qudlion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That the Midway Road shall be first repaired.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Taking of Toll between and

Lydc Way»

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended. Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Offices

and

Employments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the annual Sum of Three Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to continence from the 5th Day of January 1762, and to continue during the Lives of the Right Ilonourable Arthur Onjloiv, Esquire, and of his Son George

Esquire, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, to be settled in the mofl beneficial Manner upon the said Arthur Onfow, in Lieu of the Annuity granted to him

by His Majesty’s Letters Patent of the 20th Day of April 1761.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

Resolved, WemineContradicente, That the House do

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; that the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Thirty-four PoundsTwelve Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny he granted to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to make good to His Majesty such Expences as have been incurred by His Majesty, upon Account of the Annuity granted by His Majesty’s letters Patent of the 20th Day of April 1761, to the Right Honourable Arthur Onfow, Esquire, late Speaker of this House.

The other of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That the House do

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; that the annual Sum of Three Thousand Pounds be granted

And several Amendments were made by the House to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to com-

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in-

mence from the 5th Day of January 1762, and to continue during the Lives of the Right Honourable Arthur Onfow, Esquire, and of his Son George Esquire,

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, to be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the said Arthur On-

demnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for jlow, in Lieu of the Annuity granted to him by His Ma Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of jesty’s Letters Patent of the 20th Day of April 17C1. the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the

Encouragement of Seamen.

Annuity

to

A.Onslow, Esq.

Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purpo-fes: And that Sir WilfredLawfon, Sir Barrington,

Mr. Delaval, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Copy of Letters Patent for granting an Annuity to the Right Honourable Arthur Esquire; and

also the Account of the Payments on the Grant of /. 3,000 pei' Annum from His Majesty to the Right Honourable Arthur Onfow, Esquire; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Thirty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Half Penny, be granted to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to make good to His Majesty such Expences as have been incurred by His Majesty, upon Account of the Annuity granted by His Majesty’s Letters Patent of the 20th Day of April 1761, to the Right Honourable Arthur Onjlew, Esquire, late Speaker of this House.

A Bill for keeping distinct and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, in all the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia, within that Part of Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Poor

Account*.

r

to

111

di

#i

m

4

An

n

ike

Militia

Laws.

tfl At Ii

mi

k

Cr;

It!

41

kt

k Hi till Ion nl i itft, port Ik. Asci

Seco

tra

A

He

lift

ft

itfp*

ft

V,

a Geo. III. 18° Martii. 245

Jovis, 18° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii III. U Hegis, 176a. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Daval and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

Hake’i The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Wjfring* enable Patrick Blake, Esquire,aMinor, to makeaSettle-""ement' ment on Annabella Bunbu Spinster, and the Issue of

their intended Marriage; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill wa# read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

TtamPi1 Mr. Thomas Townshend.reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Tru flees named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, Esquire, deceased;

and to enable them to take the Estate, late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will, and for the better Management of the Charity; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. 15,1. 32, after " Esquire," insert " Treasurer."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

fcTWttki Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the

to Bill for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more elsec-Tunbndp, tual, so much of an Act made in the 14 th Year of the Reign Radi, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kipping's in the County of Kent-, and also for repairing the Roads from Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurfi Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Vent, in the County of Suffer-, as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent aforesaid; was re-committed with respect to the Clause for enabling the Trustees to lower the Tolls; That the Committee had made several Amendments to the said Clause; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, relating to the Payment of Toll in certain Cafes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-comraitted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Blunt* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ho'M for confirming and establishing a Partition between Sa-

muel Blunt, Henry Humphcry, James Clitherow, Esquirfes; and others, of several Estates in the Counties of Suffer,

Surrey, and Kent-, and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdig do Carfy the BiH to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Williani Earn

Earl, of Liverpoole, Merchant, (wkhfo was presented to pelie^ fro* the House upon the 26th Day of February last, and ,'VcI^"[n then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again Bood< read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Touchet.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Staunton, Mr. , Mr.

Hume, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Upton,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Glover, Mr. Sewell, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Bull, Mr. Lajielles, Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Simpson,

Mr. Penton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Sir John Turner, Mr. , Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Bayutun, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Harris, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Plump! re, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bailer, Sir -

ton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, I ord George Sackville, Mr.

Howard-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more efTee- Sankey

tual an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his Bro°k

late Majesty King George the Second, for making navi- ,v,2atu>n* gable Sankey Brook, in the County of and for extending and improving the said Navigation; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8, 1. 18, to leave out the last " and."

I. 19, after " Merchandizes" to insert " and " Commodities."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County o(Lancaster -, and for the extend-

ing and improving the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cunliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open riungtrton-. Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Lei- inclosunr. cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe reported from the Committee, to Liverpool* whom the Bill for building Two new Churches, and GburshM' providing Burial Places, within the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for the better preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and

3 Q for

2^6

18° Ma

A, 1.762.

Maielden

Wood,

tcc.

Road.

for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire6ied him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he adjourned till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Whitzcorthreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoads from the White Poll, on Hase in the Purifli of Craribrooke, to Appledore and from

Street, in the same Parifty, to Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from Golf or d Green, in lie said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's in the I’ai ilh of lienenden; all in the County of j was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; ami made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

Report- be ad journed till Thirty-five Minutes after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Thurmafton

Inclosure,

Liverpoole

Churches.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmaston, in the Purilhes of and

Barkhy, in the County of Leicejlewas committed, That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except 77White, who is possessed of One Yard Land in the said Fields, who said, he was doubtful whether the Inclosure will an-r fwer the Expence; and the Trustees for Church, w ho are possessed of One Half Quarter of a Yard Land, who said, they thought Inclosures will not prove serviceable to the Nation; and that the said Fields conlift, in the whole, of Sixty-eight Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to , whom the Bill for building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, within the Town of in

the County Palatine of Lancaster', and for the better preferring the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town i and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be

*9

paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chair-men* and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town; was committed; at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, being read; n

The House returned the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Aiul the Residuo of the Amendments made hv the Committee to the said Rill, being severally read a Se* cond'rime, were, upon the Question severally put ihero* upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Daval and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, iutititled. An Act for repairing the Roads Imdiiver from Kcl/all, in the County of Sal<f), Xo Uhifion (*;v/v; and from thence, ov er Barnhill Green, Ihtdge /Unf it, by i iioTvvo New Inns, and to a Place called High Gate VWirrcn, in the County olS/qfford; without an v Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act for dividing and nn losing several Common Fields* Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the ParilTi of Burroicby, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And a I lb,

- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A6i for discharging the Ella te of Frederick^ ifeuunt Bolingbrcke, in the County of Survey, from the Lfcvs and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County c f herd, in lieu thereof, to the same l ies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Barrington, by His Mniefly’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of William Shrine, of the Parish of-S' 'linKieorge, 1 [anorcr Square, in the County of Middlesex, Miquiie; which Petition was presented Xo the House upon the 11 tli Day of February lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Jnierefi is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think tit.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report 1‘rom the Committee, to whom the Rill for the better Preservation of the Game, was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a- Committee of the u hole House, to consider further of the Hill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Several Laws now in being relating to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part o Britain

called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.iaiwi reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-.port, when the House will please to receive the fume.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mcrrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for reftiming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from t lie Committee, to whom the Bill for.repairing and widening the Roads from the White Pofton Hajcld Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to A ppledore Heath-, and from Milkhouse

Street, in the same Parish, to Ca/Hcdeus Oak, in the Pa-

riih

Kelfatl,

&c.

Road*.

Barrowhy

loUosure

Lord

Botin gbroke'i

Eftafc.

Skrioe’s

Estate*.

fnhnttm of Game.

Law*.

tin

ton

for

Du

off.

k

ai.

An

ieii

Pei’

fi'CI

fill

or

*Cl

b&O

Pon

bill

0,

HifcMn * i

"if

To;

3 Geo. III. 18’ — 19° Marti:

247

l£\

k

*4

ki.:

br

tt'h

ik

ifai

ik

ftfSl

tit*4

0

1*

P

P

ri(h of Biddenden; and from Green, in the said

Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish of Benenden; all in the County of wds committed;

at Thirty-five Minutes after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed further upon the said Report after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Foreign Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the Gentlemen Frotefanti who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the America ^ehef of such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall

serve, as Officers or Engineers in America, under the Provisions of the Act made in the 29th Year of Ins late Majesty’s Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to such foreign Protestants to serve in America, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the Encouragement of such Officers and Engineers, having served for a Time to be limited; and of the Soldiers who have acted under them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 190 die Martii;

Anno 20 Georgii.IIP'1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Dumfries A Irigrofied Bill for continuing and rendering more T*o Pennies f\effectual an Act passed in the 10 th Year of his

Scots. Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for continuing an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on evervPintofAleorBeerthat shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; ancj for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping; and a Duty on Goods imported and exported, into, and out. of, the Port of the said Town, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the 10th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing ati Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on

every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfand Privileges thereof, or paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping; and a Duty on Goods imported and, exported, into, and out of, the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do parry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mnctthorpe An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeiji Inclosurt. an(j Common Field, Common Meadows, Commop Failures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Land§ within the Hamlet and Liberties of in the

Township and Parish of upon in th

County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: Aud that the Titlo Vol. 29.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Coriimon Grounds,'and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Princethorpe, in the Township and Pari 111 of St retton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick,

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Isolds, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, that t he Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, "for continuing " several Acts relating to the it arbour of " and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making an " additional Dock, and building aPier in the openllarbour there, and for enlightening the said Dock;" and for erecting Light Houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation, and Fishery, of the River within the said Port and Harbour which Bill

was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed; contains several Provisions, not authorized by the Order for preparing and bringing in the lame; nor included in the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bai-lifts, and Common Council, of the borough and Corporation of Lkerpoole, in Common Council alien 1 bled;

and also of several Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships and Vessels, trading to and from the said Port and Harbour of Lkerpoole;and of the Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed; (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of February last) or in the Report from the Committee? to whom the said Petition was referred;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be discharged from proceeding thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Don-caller, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Sailer's Brook, in the County of and

also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to HartcliffeHill, in the said Parish of Penifon;

and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between and

Salter's Brook; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Ar-milage. Sir Lionel P ilkington, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Lord Harry Powlctt, Mr. Montagu, Sir Ellis Mr. Shafto, Sir Geo. Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Ri Mr.

De Grey, Mr. / Jewett, Mr. Mr. Mills, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bull, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bailer, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.-Pt/c, Sir

Mr. Pcnlon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ton Lord Tilney, Mr. Burrell, General Townshend, Mr. Gore, Lord

Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Sir Armine Sir Robert

Burdelt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s C’liamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Trullees, named in the Settlement and Will, of Christopher Tancred, Esquire, deceased; and to enable them to take the Estate late of the said Christopher Tancred, to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will; and for the better Management of the Charity; was read the Third Time.

Ref, lved. That live Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Liver poole Harbour.

Doneaftet

to

Salter’s

Brook

Road.

Tancred’a

Will.

248 iQa Martii. Jl.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend do carry the ' Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Burbach A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New , in the Parish of bach, in the County of Leicester, to the T urnpike Road be-Boads. tween Leicester and Coventry, and from the Turnpike Gate, at Nuneaton Gap, to Bridge, in the said

County; and from Wither ley bridge to the End of Fafely Bridge, in the County of and from Fieldon

Bridge to Bourn Bridge, in Over Whitacre j and from the

Cro/s Lanes, near Whitacre Furnace, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the Arbor Houses, at Mancester Lane End, to the said Guide Post, and to the South Eali End of the Street called the Abby End, in Nuneaton, in the said County oiWarwick-, and from the City of Coventry, through Radford and Carfiex), in the County of the said City, by Corley Church and Fillongley Church End, to Nero bridge, by Stoley Hill, to the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field; and from Bentley Lane End, to and over Baddejley Common, by the Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Walling Street Road in the said County of Warwick-, and from the North West End of Church Street, in Nuneaton, through Attleborough and

Bramcote Lanes, to Wolvey Heath, in the said County of Warwick-,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Ky-vaflon. Sir Robert Burdetf, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Craven, Mr. Ryder, Lord Robert Bertie, Mi*. , Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bagot,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Hill, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Gore,'Sir ^Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Philipps, Mr. Olmius, Lord Mr. OJbaldefton, Lord

Carysfort, Mr Wilkinjbn, General Mr. Cocke,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Admiral Cotes, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Clive, Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Graf-?

venor, Mr. Fazakerley;and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of leiceft, Wanvick, Stafford, Northampton, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Private Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next, to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

Merlin-.’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EAatej. for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward MeUish, Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr, Roberts, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fisher, Lord Vcmey, Mr. , Lord Malpas, Mr. Rice, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Harris, Sir William Ba-

ker, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Page, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fan flaw, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Sir

mund Thomas, Mr. Tucker, Sir Poole, Mr. A ifa-

bie. Sir Edmund Ifiam, Mr. Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Upton, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Orflow, Mr. Which-cot, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lanchester An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Inclosurt. Moor, or Common, called Moor, or Ufiavo

Moor, within the Manor of Lanchefer, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Middlewood Moor, or Ujhaw , within the Manor of Lanchefer, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to-whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled (relating to the Improving of an Avenue of l/mdon Bridge) was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 29th Year-of his late Majesty, was read; whereby the Ix>rd Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, are impowered to purchase and take-down such Houses, or Buildings, {landing on don Bridge, or contiguous or adjoining thereto, as they should judge necessary, for Enlargement or Improvement of the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to and from, the said Bridge. And,

Mr. Dance, Surveyor, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in executing the Powers given by the said Act; and the Passage over the said Bridge, for Foot Passengers, on the Eastern Side, is finished, and secured by a Balustrade, which ranges Northward, almost in a Line, upon the Steeple of the Parish Church of the United Parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret, NewFish Street Hill:

That if Part of the Fabric, on the North and South Sides of the said Steeple, was taken down, and a Passage made through the said Steeple, it would not only render the Easteru Side of the said Bridge more safe and commodious for Foot Passengers, but would tend to prer vent the frequent and dangerous Delays arising from the Number of Carriages eroding each other in their Passage over the said Bridge, to and from Fish Street Hill, and the Upper and Lower Thames and that this will

not be any Injury to the said Church, in Point of Safety, Ornament, or Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for fenlarging and improving the North East Avenue to London Bridge: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Richard Glynne, Mr. Alderman Beckford, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating " to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for enlarging the " said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and " building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for " enlightening the said Dock;" and for erecting Light Houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Montgomery Metham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectoal, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon HuU; and for preventing Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0 ' ' The

Avcnut

to

London

Bridge

Liverpool

Harbour.

Kingsljm upon Hull Streets.

i Geo. III. i

Shine* The House was moved. That the Petition of i

Elton. Skrine, of the- Paridi of Hanover Square,

in the County of Middlefei, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the i ith Day of February lad, and theu ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again teed.

And the same being read accordingly,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ward and Sir Francis Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the adjourned Comsideration of the said Report be now resumed, though it be after Two of the

Clock.

Tile House accordingly resumed the adjourned Cou-sideration of the said Report.

And the Relldue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

frmfiitm A Bill for amending and widerting the Roadvfrdifl R.o*d. the High Poll road, near the Towh of,

Bacon's Water, throtlgh , to the Town and Port of llythe, in the County of Kent-, aful from Bacoh's Watertathe City of Can'erbwy, Wi\sfen] aSecond Time;

Refvlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir KnalchbullWyndlulm, Mr. Byde, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Ki/naj/o’i, Sir John P Lord Grey, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Demnjfer, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bai'ii/un, Mr. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle, Mr Knight, Mr. Mr.

burnham, Mr. WilJ'on, Mr. Staunton, Lord Midletori,

Mr. Town//tend, Sir Ellis Mr. Montagu, Sir Wil-

liam Meredith, Mr. Tucker, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Sir John Turner, Mr.

PIumpt 7r. M r. Lafceltes, Vt r. //arris. Si r William ton, Mr. Vane-, and all the Members who Serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and -, and for the Cinque

Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1

ffhitdhcct Mr. Touchec reported from the Committee, to whom Hill, the Bill for repairing the Road from the lump ike Road on the Top of Whitejheet Hill, to a Place called the Hare

Warren; and from thence to the Index Poll, Handing near the Blaudfoni'l'nrnpike Road, on the Side of Ham-

ham Hill, in the County of Wilts; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and others, living, having or renting Estates in the several *Pari dies on the North and South Sides of a Down, called Salisbury Plain, and using and travelling the Road over the said Down, from Whitejheet Hill to Harnham Hill, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder subscribed; was referred. That the Committee hpd considered the said Petition; ami had exa-’ mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the pill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, onq by, one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House:

And Several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hatidtn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refaming Wood, the adjourned Colisideration of the Report from the 4c- Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen-Rw-' ing the Roads from the White on Hajelden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from MitkhouJ'e Street, in the same Parish, to Cq/lleden's Oak, in the ParidiofBiddenden; and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish o (Benenden-,all in the County of Kent; was c6m-

mitted; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, in Furfuance of the Order of Yederday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to proceed further upon the said Report, after Two of the Clock. '/

VoL aq.

Sir WilfredLazofonpresented to the House, according Office*

to Order, a Bill to indemnify Such as have omitted to *nd qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and Imp to indemnity Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenahts, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualification*, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Refolded, Th?.t the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tb Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day heing read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to a,d Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raidng-the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the faic^Committee.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Lava, explain, amend, and reduce into One Att of Parliament, the Several Laws now in being, relating to the Raidng and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. '

And several Of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, podponed.

The Reffdue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond Time, were, upon* the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Continuance of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

' Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for continuing Proceedings already begun under any of the former Acts.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, ter be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment, which has been podponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

3 R Resolved,

S$o 1762,

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve won/, Wife of the ' Right Honourable Lord

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider Viscount Stormont, was read a Second Tntir.

farther of the said- Bill, with respect to the said Amend* ment.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the daid Bill, with respect to the said Amendment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee; That they bad made another Amendment to the Bill, instead of the Amendment which had been postponed; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report 'be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Cojnmittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the QueiKon put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ftefblved.That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. DotvdeJiCell, Mr. ('lex-land, Mr. , Sir Ellis

Cnnbfir, Mr. Bn tier. Sir Francis Boole, Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Toion/hrud, Mr. Mr:

Baynfttn, Sir John Turner, Mr. licivett, Mr. Whitzoorth, Mr. Pennant, Sir Robert Long, Nt r. Lord

dleton, Mr. Plumpfre, Sir Alexander Gilmonr., Mr. cterck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jfarbord, Sir .1 Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilki‘g/on, Mr. Mr. O bn ins, Mfl Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Archer, Mr. Upton, Mr. Sir Robert Lad-

broke, Mr. Mills, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Mr. Fane, Mr. Served, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Colo-

nel Hot ham, Mr. Penton, Lord Brudentll, Mr.

Lord Rot/jion, Mr. Touchet. Lord Jlurry Powlett, Mr. Hyde, Mr. I wades, Mr. Sir Roger New-

digate, Mr. Ruller, Mr. EdMr. Parker, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Alexa , Mr. Bull, Mr. IVnller, Mr. Thorv/on, Mr. G rant, Mr. JVojley, Sir Fra/teis Vincent, Mr. Willy, Lord George Mr.

Ca/ieell, Lord Netcnham, Mr. Gray Sir Edward

nitig/on, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir John Griffin Sir

Lynch Suhtjhury Cotton, I/>rd Strange, Sir George -

bivoke, Lord Brown lota Bertie, Lord 'Lichfield, Doctor Hay; and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

-V-r-

Lord

Bolinrbrok

Estate.

Lun<c, 22* die Mar fit;

Anno t* Georgii III-1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of Frederick Viscount Ifalingbroke, in the County of , from the Uses

and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same U fes; was read the Firti Time.

Resolved , That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mead Brook, An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effec-Scc. tual, An Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of fos late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, t|ie Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes and Mangotf-

Jteld, in t tie County of to Medford

Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also from Puckle-churcliaforefoid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; w as read, the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3, J. 5. To leave out " before, " and insert " therein after."

And the foi4 Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended rap the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Rill do pels; And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping so Repair, the Roads leading from , which

divides the Parishes of and,

in the County of Gloucester, laMalford Bridge,

in the County of Wilts\ and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

LAf ' An ingrossed Bill froip the Lore^ i ptitpjed*

far naturalizing Henrietta f rederique V*ifeountess Slor-

19

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the Hoyts and Cradlty, over Blake; and by

Causeway Green, to the Two Mile Slump Toll Gale-, and from the Lye, to Pedmore; and from the to Holly Hall-, and from ^CaujetcayGreen, to a Place called

Cockfione, at the End of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudlnj,\T\ the County offforcf/er; and from

in Cradley aforesaid, to Ilalin the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time. f.

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships, or Hamlets, of Upton, and Brough, in the Parish in

in the Fail Riding of the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fan. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Vane, Mr. I J excel t, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Rnjhout, Sir. Dmcdejwell, Mr. Hobart, Sir

John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mr.

Parker, l»rd George Sackville, Mr. Edward

Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Butler, Lord Verney, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Mr. Ctevland, Mr. Fuller, Sir J Turner, Mr. Shi finer,

Sir Ellis Cunlifie, Mr. TouChet, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willy, Mr. Harris, General A'Court, Mr. Archer,

Lord Charles Sftencer, Mr. Byde, Lord Garlics, Mr. Rice, Sir EdmundI/ham, Mr. Hume, Lord D/gby, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Afitburnham; and all the Members who serve far the Counties of York, Durham, mo teland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for discharging Incombrancesaffefting the fame; and for applying the Surplus Money arising thereby for the Benefit of the said Infont; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Tamer, Mr. Upton, Mr. DowdeJwelK Mr. Stanley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Par kef. Me. Ba-

con,

Stourbridge

Sec.

Rom.

I,

h

.11

M

Lr

if:

h

J).

Mr.

lb

<l#i

Alii

Cha

V

&c.

IlKiofuM. ' IpO

"1

a T 1

h

ti:n

i fi*

Mp

k!»c

also

do

A

j 0 I

die!

Wiirei *Klf

Ettaw- L

hn

to

kin

BUke’s

Wjimtoc

tmkmcn:

Cofwtry

iuctu.

i Geo. III.

23° Martti.

25*

con, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ward, Mr. A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free*

Townfiefld, S\cJuhnGriffnGriffn, Mr. ArcherfiAv. Wil* holders, and others, a^foining the Highway leading braham Bootle, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Shafto, from the Four I.ane Ends, in in the Parish

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Southwell, Sir George So vile, of Salbefgh, tmd County of York, and Places adjacent,

Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mor da tint, Mr. Howard, Mr. to the Turnpike Hoad oil Grayrigg Hatfe, leading from Gore, Mr. Houblon, S\r EllisCunliffe, Mr. Staunton, Mr. tile Borough of in the County of Westmoreland,

Yorke, Mr. Fuller, Lord Harry Pvicleit, Mr. Burrell, Sir td Kirkby Kendal, in the said County, on the Behalf of Edmund Isham, Mr. Hume, Lord Charles Spencer, M r. themselves, and others, whole Names are thdreunto sub-

Medlycott, Mr, Willy, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Fitzherbert, Mr. Grant, Mr. Montagu, Lord George forth. That the Petitioners fmd, by the Votes of the Sackville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Butler, Mr. House, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widen-

Dempjitr, Mr. Mills, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Beji, Mr. Ol/tiius; ing certain Roads in the County of Westmoreland; and and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lei- that the above Highway is in a very ruinous Condition, cesler, Essex, and York: And they are to meet this and impatfoble for Cdrriages; and cannot be repaired Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Patrick Blake, Esquire, a Minor, to make a Settlementon Anna bell a Bunbury, Spinster, and the Issue of their intended Marriage; and fur other Porpofos therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Sir John -

lipps. Sir Charles Mordaunt, I^ord Strange, Mr. , Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Doiode/ioell, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Gray, Mr. By dr. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Murray, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Mr.

Glover, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Worf. ley, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Turner, Mr. Towv/hend, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Vernon, Mr

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gascoyne,

Mr. Proicje, Mr. Glover, Mr. , Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Houbhm, Mr. Upton, Mr. Knight, Mt.

Wynne, Mr. Mills, Sir Alexander Mr. Matrix,

Lord Garlies, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Tquchet, I,ord

therefore praying. That Leave may be given for an additional Clause, or Clauses, to be inserted in the said Bill, for making the aforesaid Highway a Branch of the said intended Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratiou of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Ward, Sir Wit-

f redLawfin, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bull, Sir

Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. TWw-

Jhend, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pen ton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Houblon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ed-menfione, Mr. Hewett, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Kynaston, S\v Roger Neivdiga/e, Mr. Butler, Ixwd Harry

Powlett, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Archer, Sir John Turner, Mr. Harbord, M r. Campbell, Mr: Smith, Sip Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Dnmmer, Mr. Barre, Mr. Olmius, Mr. ParkeMr. Mr. Mon-

tagu, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Touche; mid all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Lancaster, Durham, and

Digby, Mr. Penton, I ord Bromohno Bertie, Mr. Shiffner,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

Mr, Thoroton, Mr. Archer; and all the Members who of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and MuldleJ'ex; Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

md for the City of Lorio*: And they nr, to this Ordered^hat Sir Edward ITmmngton do make the Afternoon. at F.ro of the Clock, in the Speaks. Repwt from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-Chamber. pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads

xt . , e \r n i , r\j- ________» leading from Cleoburu Mortimer to Morvill; and From

Notme he."?laken of, XMake n, the Order mwle c*fi Hmfis Md mt

noon Turfda, the Second Day of th, Instant March, d £lberties of in the County of

1 If Leave be given to bring m a fell for Light, ng Mld fl0ni theiadfctvTum-

and Cleansing the Streets, H..gh, vay», Canfeways, ;j.e'Roadi in the Roa(f 7V»4ary, in the County of

" Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Coventry, and " Suburbs; for widening f<une Parts thereof; for efta--M hlishing a Nightly Watch; and regulating the public " Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs; " and for removing Obstructions from the River " borne;"

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, in Behalf of t hem-selves, and other the Inhabitants of the said-City; and also the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, 'Hurt the said Order he discharged.

Worcester; was committed.

Sedbergh,

&c.

Road.

Cleobcry Mortimer, &c.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Port and Harbour of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That Leave has beetl given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; am} for enlarging the said Harbour, by " making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the M said Dock ;" and for erecting Light-hmifes, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preserva-tion and Improvement of thoNavigafiou and Fishery of the River Mcrfey, within the salt! Port and Harbour of Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill for Liverpool; and alleging, That the Petitioners atppr6-the better Paving and Amending, Lighting, and Cleans- hend, that tf the Power of erecting Light-houses is ing, the Streets, Highways, Causeways, Lanes, and confined within the Limits of the said Port, it cahi, ot Passages, within the City of Coventry, and Suburbs; for- -wlFeftimlly anfiver the good Pur poles ofpreservuig the widening some Parts thereof; for eiiabl i'll ing a Nightly Lives and Properties of His Majdiy’s So bj efts: And Watch; and regulating the public Wells and Pumps therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the within the said City, apd Suburbs; and for removing said BHl for erecting Light-hordes, as well within the Ohstructions from the River Sherborne: And that Mr. said Port, as in proj»er Places within a limited Diltonce Henryyircher, Mr . Archer, Mr. OJbaldeJhtn, Mr.’Ser- from the same; under such Restrictionsas to the House . jeant Heicitt, and the Lord Winterton, do prepare,- and: fiiail seem meet.

hring in, the fam^. That the said Petition her referred to the

i. . \rot. 29. Con*

Liverpool

Hsrboar.

*5*

22* Mar Hi.

1762.

Morgan'*

Estates.

Linden’s

Nat.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Ellis Cunliffel Lord,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Grt/coywe, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordainit, Mr. Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. IVit hr a ham Bootle, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ileioett, Lord George Sackville, Mr. ShuttlezOoj’th, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sir George Arnii-

tage, Mr. Butler, Sir Wilfred Mr. Sir

George Savi/e, Mr. Shi filter. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wedderbam, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr.

Montagu, Sir Roger Nezo Mr. Sir Robert

'Tong, Mr. Touchett, Mr. Gray, Mr. Archer, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Smith, General A'Court, Mr. Forjier, Lord Pollington, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Penton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancq York, Cumberland, Durham, Westmoreland, Chest and Northumberland; and for the Principality of Wales -, and all the Merchants of the House; and die Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

.. A Message from? the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr.

1 Mr. Speaker,'

The Lords' have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting all the real and personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan, Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie,

Wife of George Mackenzie, Esqtlire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims, and Interest of the Maftef- and Fellows of Gon-vile, and Caius College, in the University of Cambridge: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Diedeiick Wejfel Linden: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

‘Scotland"; ]tj|] for the Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates, which are or may be annexed to the Crown by virtue of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to ttie Crown unalienably, and for making Satisfaction to tlfo lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; and fer carrying the Purposes of the said Act the more effectually into execution; and for enforcing and ^carrying into execution, so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Xing George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament* and for exempting any Annuities, or Sums of Money granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes; as relates to the Paying and discharging the Wadfett Sums, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to The Crown by the Attainder of late Lord Lovat; 'and for enabling the Wadfetters upon that Estate, and *Upon ttie other Estates which are or may be annexed lo , the Crown by virtue of the Act first above mentioned,

,' effectually to discharge their Wadfett Rights, upon receiving Payment of the Sums due thereby; was readfl Second Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

' to

Offices and Employ men:,

Private

Bills*.

Rejbh'edthis House-will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Friday I aft, That Leave may be given to move the House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered,l'hatYez, ve be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Thomas Towti/hend, junior, reported from the Wiochetw, Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Windiejier, over Worthy Cow Down, through

Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Coto Down aforesaid, through WhenocU, to the present Turnpike Road at in

the County of Southampton t was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablp: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 7, Line 17, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them wasdif-agreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 7,1. 17, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the 55.

TeUers for theNeeS,^j"-|7l.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply*

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the general Account of the'fruftees of the British Mujcum be referred to the said Committee.

Then

l!

j/!

A

A’:

? <t!

r -!;

An*

A:’?

4 a Am

C*.!'

IK

*. M-

b:

r.’L

*‘itu!c

1

V-v i

‘aM

yi7

'Wd 1? -im

:Ji

i > '

Ht

d!

;d.T

'-rK-rt

C);aiia kl 1

2 Geo. III.

2 2°- — 230 Mdrtii.

253

)le

d*

id -

to

or

t ta e L s )

1

iTsa

I,

it

(C*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dick infun reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Preservation The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of of Game. the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor the better Preservation of the Game, was committed.

And the Kefiduc of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were leve ally read a Second Time; and, upon the Questioti fever.uly put thei eupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving the whole Penalty incurred, to the Informer.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Time for the Bringing of Actions.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Lords of Manors to bring Actions in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was once read, with Blanks.

And a Motion being made. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

And a Debate arising in the Iloufe upon the said Clause

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

Smnoaks Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom w the Bill for continuing ci.larging, and rendering more TmWge, effectun!, so much of an Act made in the i.f?h Year of tak the Reign of his late Me jetty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging tho Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to and Tunbridge Wells-, and from Woodfga to in

the County of Kent-, and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping st'ross aforesaid to Lambcrhurf Pound and

Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Kent,

in the County of Safer;as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipp lug's Grots aforesaid, to Pullen's Hill, and FinnxuellKent aforesaid; was re-committed, with respect to an Amendment, which was, upon Tina-flay lad, proposed to be made by the House to the said Bill, relating to the Payment of Toll in certain Cafes; That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,.with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Vol. 29.

Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 23* die

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Ladr

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A11 Sror mint's Afl for naturalizing Henrietta Federirjue, Viscountess Nat. Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord WiconnlStormont, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Mary Beaticlerk, Liverpool Widow, commonly called Lad y Sidne , Lady Harbour, of the Manors of Speke and Garflon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, of the Right Honourable Lieutenant General Jamies Cholmondeley, of Rock Savage, in the County of Chester-, and of Thomas Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Hale, in the said County of Lancaster;in Behalf of themselves and others. Owners

of Lands upon, or adjoining to, the River Mcrfey, within the Port of Liverpool, or intitled to the Right of Fisheries and other Properties within the said River; was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 11 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,.for continuing several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the Open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock; and for erecting Light-houses. or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; and repre-fenting to the House, That several of the Powers and Provisions, contained in the said Bill, will be very prejudicial to the PetitionersEfiates and Intcrefls, and will deprive them of certain Rights, to which they apprehend they are legally intitled; and that no Public Meeting has been held of the Inhabitants of the Counties of Lancaster or Chester, to consider of Application for the said Bill, or any Notice given to the Persons interested in the Lands adjoining to, or the Fisheries, or other Properties, in the said River, nor any Plan or Scheme of the intended Regulations produced, or any Information, with respect to the Purport or Prov ifions of the said Bill, given to the Petitioners, or others interested therein, whereby they could form any Judgment how, or in what Manner the said Regulations may afi'efl their respectivelnterefts and Properties: And that as no Meeting was called, whereby the Sense of the Public, and of the Parties particularly interested, could he taken, with respect to this Matter; and as the Petitioners were unacquainted with the Powers contained in the said Bill, until the same was presented to the House; and as several of the Persons interested have not yet, as the Petitioners

3 S have

*54

have the greatest Reason to believe, been apprized of , the Purport of the said Bill; the Petitioners hope that the same will not pals, until the Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, and all the Parties whose Properties are likely to be affected, have had, as is nfual in Matters of this Kind, proper previous Notice of the Nature of the Scheme, in order that a Judgment may be formed, whether the most effectual Provision is made for the Advantage of the Public, and such Individuals, as may think themselves affected, may have reasonable Time to lay their same before the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the House shall seem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made; and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Five Minutes after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Whiflendine An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Inclosure. and Common Fields and Common Grounds in

dine, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in dine, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Air. B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

linden’s An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Na- for naturalizing Diederick , was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lady Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom

Williams's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ntaie. to enable the Right Honourable the Lady FranccsHan bury Williams to take upon her, and use, the Surname of Coningesby, pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement

made by her Father, Thomas Earl Coningesby, deceased, vyas committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill $othe House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this I louse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kingrton A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, several °Street*"^ ma(^e for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of

the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Toxonshend, Mr. Mr.

Buller, Sir Edward WinningMr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. lloublon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Archer, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Harris, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byde, Sir Lynch Salusbun /Cotton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Upton, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. I)rax, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Winterton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ijovelt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Lord Mr. Bull, Lord

Strange, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir Edward Tur-

ner, Mr. Iianbury, Sir Francis Vincent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Durham, Cumberland,

1762.

and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That heave be given to move the I louse Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

"Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, Skrinc’s a Bill for veiling certain Estates, in the Parish of Saint KtUt-,.

Botolph, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of William Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vone reported from the Committee, to whom the Even wood Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Com- incl«»lure. mon, within the Manor of Evcirwood and Chapelry of Saint Helens Auckland, and County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he t rue; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thirteen Persons, whose Estates in the said Manor and Chapelry are of the annual Value of jf. 234. ig.r. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except Thirteen other Persons, whose Estates are of the annual Value of £. 259. "js. who refused to sign the Bill, but declared, they would not oppose the same; and that the annual Value of the Eilatcs of the Parties who have consented to the Bill, within the said Manor and Chapelry, is £.2,238. 15s. and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for appointing Commissioners for putting in execution LuATax. an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incor- 1 " porating the Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, Esquire, deceased; and to enable them to take the Estate, late of the said

Tancred, to them, and their Successors, m Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will; and for the better Management of the Charity.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Af Bill for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Lo,gjmde. Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Ex'periments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee j

of the whole House. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning

2 30 Afartii.

1

2 Geo. III. 23 0 Marti255

i ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House upon the said Bill.

Supply. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolulions which the ! Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trust repoied in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards new Paving the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of Wes the Parishes' of Saint Maryle Bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish

of Saint Andreiu's, Holbornwhich lies in the County of

Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of which lies in

the County of Middlesex.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Westminster The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, Sutets. upon the 15th Day of this instant March, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to consider [ of proper Methods for the better Paving, Enlightening,

and Cleansing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Libery of Wefim the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone. Saint Giles in thcFiclds, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of which lies in the county of ; and were then

agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and " Alleys, of the City and Liberty of the

" Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Saint Giles in the " Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George,

" bury, that Part of the Parish of Andrew's,

1 " born, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part " of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of " Middlesex, are in.general very ill paved and cleansed.

" Resolved, That the present Method of taking Care €l of the Pavements, by the Annoyance Jury, is ineffeftual to answer the Purposes intended by the " Legislature.

" Resolved, That the present Method of thelnhabitants Paving before their own Houses, without being 1 " limited either in Time, Materials, or Method of " doing it, is One Cause of the bad Pavements of the ^Streets.

" Resolved, That the respective Companies, who furnish Water to the Inhabitants, or any other Person or " Persons whatsoever, being permitted to take up the " Pavements, by their own Workmen, and not being " obliged to lay down the same in a proper and effectual " Manner, is another Cause of the bad Pavements of " the Streets.

" UcJ'olved, That the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

" and Alleys, are not duly and properly lighted.

" Resolved, That, for the future, the Paving, Cleansing, Keeping in Repair, and Lighting the said " Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys; and also removing Nuisanees thereout, and making the same

Vol. 29.

" more ornamental and commodious; be put under the " Management of Commissioners.

" Resolved, That from the present bad irregular " Paving, both as to Manner and Materials, it w.ll be " absolutely necessary to lay in most. Places a new " Pavement, instead of repairing and amending the old " one.

" Resolved, That the Expence of new Paving any " Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, will be too great to <c be borne wholly by the Inhabitants of such Squares,

" Streets, Lanes, or Alleys.

" Resolved, That no Inhabitant of any Square,

" Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be liable to contribute, or pay towards the new Pavement of such " Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, until the Pavement " of such Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be " completed.

" Resolved, That all Squares, Streets, Lanes, or " Alleys, which shall remain not paved under the Direction of the said Commissioners, shall continue to " be kept in Repair, lighted, and cleansed, according to " the Laws now in being for those Purposes.

" Resolved, That towards new Paving, Cleansing,

" Lighting, and Keeping in Repair, the said Squares,

,c Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, a Pound Rafe Iliould be " laid on every Inhabitant thereof, so soon as an)- such " Square, Street, Lane, or Alley, shall be new paved " under the Diiettion of the said Commissioners.

" Resolved, That the said Inhabitants paying to such " Pound Rates, Iliould be exempted from the Charge " of paving, cleansing, lighting, and keeping in Repair, the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys,

" and from all Penalties incurred by neglecting the " fame."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions, and also to the last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed toby the House; and that Mr. Whitworth, M -

Jhcnd, junior, the Marquis of Tiichf the Lord Barrington, the Lord Strange, the Lord Grey, the Lord Pulteney, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Philipps, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Worjley,

General Howard, Mr. Ednwnfon, and Mr. Peter Burrell, do prepare,-and bring in, the fame.

1

Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for resuming, Liverpool at Five Minutes after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, Harbour, the adjourned Debate of this Day upon the Motion,

That the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating to " the Harbour of Liverpool; and for enlarging the said " Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock and for erecting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mwithin the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

.And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to read the said Bill, after Two of the Clock,

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Preservation journed Debate of Yesterday, upon the Clause then of- ot t,anie* fered to be added to the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game.

And

Supplying the Fish Markers.

Poor

Account!.

Styleman’s

tftate.

Thurmalton

Inclosure.

Wadesmill,

&c.

Road.

Price of Strong Beer.

256 23® — 24° A. 1762.

And the Clause was read a Second Time. and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong

And the Blanks therein being filled up, the said Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; Clause was amended. to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of Provisions relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Lithe Bill. quors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; and

And several Amendments were made by the House for the more eilirtual preventing the Relanding of Beer,

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage i'ifhermen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for keeping dillinft and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, ill all the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. Bollon, Mr. A my and, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Jones, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fonerea Mr. Linwood, Mr. Mitchell, Sir William Baker, Mr. Prejivf, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shi finer,

Bull, Mr. Slephenfon, be added to the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Rent Charge in Fee Simple in Trustees, for the Benefit of certain poor Families, described in the Will of John Styleman, deceased, in Lieu of a Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same Will for the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd, Esquire, and his Heirs, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 24.0 die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Pkayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmaston, in the Parishes of and Barkby, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurma/on, in the Parishes of Belgrave and Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mar daunt do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MdTage from the Lords, by Mr. Broicning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Towers granted by Two several Acts, parted in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from WadeJ'mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royjton and for making the said Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lodrs have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent vexations Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer lS

Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation as Merchandize; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mason’s felling Part of the Estates of William Esquire, Elutes,

devised to him by the Will of William Mason, Esquire, dOceased, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purdiafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, iti lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates of the said William Majln, so deviled, for other Lands

and Tenements, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the ITcs limited by the same Will; to which the'Lords desire the Concurrence of this Ilotife: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Helen's enable John Ilolden, Gentleman, and Thomas Holden, kihttt. his Son, an Infant, and their Trutlces, to rail'e the Sum of One thousand Pounds upon certain Estates in Leicestershire and Wariviekfi/ire, or on a sufficient Part

thereof to be applied lor the Purpose.s therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Taviiiock vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Charity, commonly called the Feofiecs Lands, of the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and for establishin g a better Fund in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Carew’* enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Care:o, Baronet, to grant a Lease, or Leases, of Part of his settled Estate, for the Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Contract by him entered into for that Purpol'e; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Coflum

t lie Petition of the Noblemen, and of the Gentlemen, to Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of -

ton and Sufic.r, whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Murray and Mr. Richard Speed being severally examined, said, That the Road from in the County of Southampton, through the Parishes of! I id leu, Hy weeing, Farlington, Bcdhmnpton, Havant, and

in the said County, to the City of Chin the County of Suffer, is very ruinous, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Com le prescribed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave bfc given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Southampton, to the City of: And

that Mr. Butler, Sir John Turner, Lord George Lenox,

Mr. Page, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, in pursuance of the Order of i.lverrrol Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House Harbour, this Day, to read the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 11 th Year of the Reign pfH is late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging " the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock,

, and

2 Geo. III. 24° Marti. 257

" and building a Pier in the open Harbour there, and "for enlightening the said Dockand for erecting . Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River , within the said

Port and Harbour of Liverpoola Second Time, after Two of the Clock. i

Ordered, That Leave be given to read' the said Bill a Second Time this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Reports from The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order Committee*. of Yesterday,' That Leave may be given to move the House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Flimwell.&c. A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Kod. well Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex; arid from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Sussex; and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Upton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Sir Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Loxvndes, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr . Shiffner, Mr Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gray, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Clive, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mills, Mr. Mr. Jenkitison,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Best; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Morgan’* An ingrossed Bill frosti the Lords, intituled, An Act for

f'4tttC5‘ vesting all the real and personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan, Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie, Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims, and Interest of the Master and Fellows of vile and Caius College, in the University of Cambridge, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Muon’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^tote9, for selling Part of the Estates of William Mason, Esquire, devised to him by the Will of William Mason, Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates of the said William Mason, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hetkrt Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do make the Report Newmarket from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, was referred.

Mr. Jenkinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and

Vol. 29.

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Sewell, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Hesket Newmarket, in the County of Cum-

berland, by Haves Bridge, to C; and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the said County; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays, and

Ambleside, to Kirkby in Kendale, in the County of West-

moreland; and also the Road from Cross,

near Kirkby in Kendale, to the Lake called Windermere, in the said County of Westmoreland; and also the Road from Hesketh aforesaid, over Hutton Moor, to Penrith, in the said County of Cumberland; are in many Places very narrow, and become so ruinous and bad, as to be dangerous to Persons and Carriages travelling thereon; that the said Roads lie chiefly over very high and steep Mountains, and through the most barren Parts of the said Counties; and that the repairing and widening the said Roads would be a great Advantage to that Part of the Country in particular, and to the Public in general; but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present at the Committee confirmed the above Evidence, with regard to the bad Condition of the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hesket, by Hewes Bridge, to Cockermouth;and from thence, by

Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumba'land; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland:

And that Mr. Jenkinson and Mr. Upton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Whole Snettisham Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half inclosure. Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Rotherham Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Inclosure. Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Bridgetown the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Pomeroy the Road leading from the Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy, Roads-to a Place called Walton Gate; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Five Lanes; and from Teing Bridge to Bovey Mills, in the County of Devon; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, bein® severally read a Secohd

3 T Time,

258 24° Martii. A. 1762.

Time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Royal Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus -to Bills. son, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That tire House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762:

An Act to prevent vexatious Proceedings against Brewers, Victuallers, and others, with respect to the Prices of Beer and Ale; for better securing the Revenue upon Strong Beer and Ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as extends certain Provisions relative to the Exportation of Spirituous Liquors, to the Exportation of Strong Beer and Afe; and for the more effectual preventing the Re-iand'rng of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, shipped for Exportation as Merchandize:

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by B, to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon; and for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the Mile' Ways on each Side the said City as therein mentioned:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Salt ash, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford:

An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at, or near, the- Town Of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough; and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place, near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and . thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge; and from the said Guide Post to Winwick; and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ' the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehome; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Mill, in the Parish

of Saint Just, in the said County:

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Demon An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in We ford Field, in the County of Northampton:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle; and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbuiy; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hilt, in the Parish of Urshfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Kelsall, in the County of Salop, to Whiston Cross; and from thence over Burnhill Green, Rudge , by the Two New Inns, and to a Place called High Gate Warren, in the County, of Stafford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted' by Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual Repairing the Roads leading nomWadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston; and for making the said Acts more effectual:

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Teese, at or near the Feriy, in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Durham:

An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters, within the City of Chester:

An Act for the Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham:

An Act for supplying the Town of Halifax with Water:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Pieces or Parcels of open and uninclosed Lands, called the Town Hill, and the Burroughs, in the Borough and Manor of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Town-ship of Aston upon Trent, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Swanburne, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Barrowby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgexoater, to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the Hemp Slones, in the Township of Halton, in the County of Chester:

An Act for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Chal/en, Merchants, to erect and build One or more Tide Mill, or Tide Mills, for grinding Corn and Grain, upon a Creek, or Channel, in the Manor and Parish of Bishopston, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for Sale of certain Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Witham Frary, -ston or Nunny, in the County of , devised, and

limited, by the Will of Sir William Wyndham, Baronet, deceased; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, tobe settled to the same Uses; except as therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry H James Clitherow

Esquires,

2 Geo. III.

24° Ma7.

259

Royal As»ent Esquires, and others, of several Estates in the Coun-io Bills. ties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kentand for vesting and settling the entire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for incorporating the Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tanered, Esquire, deceased; and to enable them to take the Estate, late of the said Christopher Taner to them and their Successors in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses in such Settlement and Will; and for the better Management of the Charity:

An Act for vesting a Piece or Pieces of Ground, in Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Robert Phillim Gentleman, in Trustees; to be sold; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and He-1 reditaments, to be settled, and limited, to the like Uses as the said Ground now stands settled:

An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Frances Hanbury Williams to take upon lier and use the Surname of Coningesby; pursuant to a Proviso in a Settlement, made by her Father Thomas Earl,

deceased:

An Act to enable John Hose, Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lombe:

An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Frederique Viscountess Stormont, Wife of the Right Honourable David Lord Viscount Stormont:

An Act for naturalizing Philip Schumacher and Nicholas Brandt:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe, Esquire, commonly called Baron Wolffe:

An Act for naturalizing Paul Methier:

An Act for naturalizing James Repinder:

An Act for naturalizing Jean Chamaud.

Bridgetown Then the Residue of the Amendments made by ,the Pomeroy Committee, to whom the BiH for amending, widening, tak and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Head oi Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Witton Gateand from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Five Lanes; and from Teing Bridge, to Booey , in the County of Devon; was commuted; were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

jamah. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to any Address of this House,

_ towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Cieobury Sir Edwat'd Wintiingtonreported from the Committee,

Mortimer, to whom the BiH for repairing, widening, and keeping fa. Roads. 'Repa}r> the Roads leading from Cieobury Mortimer, to

Morvill; and from the Cross Houses, to Cieobury North and Prior's Drtton, and to the Liberties of Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop;and from Cieobury Mortimer, to

the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tenbury, in the County of Worcester-,was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be re-

Vol. 29.

ported to the House; and lie read tho Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleirk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Liverpool Reading of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Harlwur* granted by an Act, passed in the 11 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for eolarging the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock;

" and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and " for enlightening the said Dockand for erecting Lighthouses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the Riyer Mwithin the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cast,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Plumpire,

Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Boynton, Sir George'Savile, Mr. Mawbey,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Boone, Mr. Glower, Mr. Thoroton, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, M r. Pent on, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Prcnvse, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dempster,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Tucker, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Tempest, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Staunton,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Upton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Wynne,

Lord Pulteney, Mr. Vane, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Ward, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Olmius, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Couoties of , York,

Chester, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmoreland; and for the Principality of Wales; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the fclock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and ail who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Pre- Preservation servation of the Game, be read the Third Time, upon of Game. Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House.to Scotland; ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Relief of on the Bill for the Relief of the Vassals of the several Vas*a,s-Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a '

Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing the of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act the more effectually into execution; and for enforcing and carrying into execution so much of an Act, passed in the

First

Supplying the Fish Markets.

St. James’s,

Westminster,

Poor.

Oxdowvi Gate, &c. Road.

260 24° — £5° Martii. 1762.

First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses, and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities, or Sums of Money, granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes; as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadsett Sums, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late I/>rd and for enabling the Wadsetters upon that Estate, and upon the other Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of the Act first above mentioned, effectually to discharge their Wadsett Rights, upon receiving Payment of the Sums due thereby.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for enabling the Commissioners of the annexed Estates to grant Leases of Woods, and of Mills, with the.Mill Lands usually set with the same, for such annual. Rent as can be obtained for the same, though exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

between Rittgwood Gate, and Woolsbridge, in the Coun-

ty of Southampton; and from Wo to the great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn, leading from Bland ford Forum to the City of New Sarum; was committed.

Mr. Tucker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Reports from Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees to Committees, whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25® die Martii;

Anno 2® Georgii III*" Regis, 1762. Prayers.

The other Order of the Day being read; \ N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Weyhill, &c.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, X\ Road from the Turnpike Road at in the Roa<J.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde upon the Bill for the better supplying the Cities of Way, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Fishermen. the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of South-

ampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom County of Wilts. the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Ordered, That Sir John Griffin Griffin do carry the Poor; and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Passages and Places in the Parish of Saint James,

within the Liberty of Westminster-, and for enlarging Mr. Archer presented to the House, according to Coventiy the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish; was com- Order, a Bill for the better Paving and Amending. Street*, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- Lighting and Cleansing the Streets, Highways, Cause-gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ways, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Coventry and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and Suburbs; for widening some Parts thereof; for made several Amendments thereunto; which they had establishing a Nightly Watch; and regulating the directed him to report to the House; and he read the public Wells and Pumps, within the said City and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Suburbs; and for removing Obstructions from the River with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Sherborne: And the same was received; and read the the Amendments were once read throughout , and First Time.

then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

the House. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Holden’i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to enable John Holden, Gentleman, and Thomas Holden ingrossed. his Son, an Infant, and their Trustees, to raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, upon certain Estates in Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do make the Report, from Leicestershire and or on a sufficient Part

the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act made thereof, to be applied for the Purposes therein men-in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, inti- tioned, was read the First Time, tuled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of

Winchester; and from the said City, through Hursley, to An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Whiu»h«t Chandler's Ford-, and from Hursley aforesaid, to the Turnpike/ Road, on the Top of Whitesheet to a Hill, Ac. Turnpike Road at Romsey; and from the said Turnpike Place called the Hare Warren-, and from thence to R '

Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, the Index Post, standing near the Rland ford Turnpike to Longham Bridge, and Winborne Minster, in the Coun- Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill, in the County of ty of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road Wilts; was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

2 Geo. III. 25° Martii. 261

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road, on the Top of IVhHill, to a Place called the llare Warren; and from thence to the Index Pod, funding near the R/</«fl5fordTurnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the said Index Polt, to a House called Mr* Baker's Farm House, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Touchet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earlc*s Sir Ellis Cunlijfe reported from the Committee, to Relief fresh whom the Petition of William Earle, of Mer-

hyment of was referred, That the Committee had examin-

a£2n ed the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, anil afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegat ions of the Petition, the Agent for the Petitioner laid before your Committee a Report from the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, in Consequence of an Order of Reference from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the Petition of the said William Earle, praying Relief in his Cafe, containing the following Particulars; viz.

That on or about the Tenth Day of December 1759, there was thipped at Liverpoole 720 Bushels of White Salt, on Board the Drake, James Master,

for the North Seas; the Duties of which being £. 120. was f .'cured by the Bond of and James Mackenjiei/, dated 12th October, 1759:

That it appears, that Proof was made, at the Quarter Sessions at Liverpool, that the said Vessel, the Drake, going into the Harbour of Dublin, was made an intire Wreck, and no Part of the Salt saved:

And that the Certificate of the Loss of this Salt was laid before the said Commissioners; and they were desired to permit their Collector to accept of the Certificate of the Loss of the Salt, in Discharge of the Bond given for the Duty on the Salt loll; to which the Commissioners answered, that they could not give an Order to their Collector to discharge the said Bond, the Proof of the Loss not having been made within Nine Months after the Loss happened, as required by the Act 12 Anme, cap. 2.

But that the said Commissioners had no doubt of the Reality of the Loss of the Salt in question, the Negative put upon the Certificate arising purely from the Proof of the Loss not having been made within the Time prescribed by Law; and therefore they have no Objection to the suspending any Prosecution upon the Petitioner’s Bond, until such Time as he shall have an Opportunity of applying to Parliament for Relief.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Liverpool Sir EllisCunliffereported from the Committee, to whom

Harbour, the Petition of 1‘everal Merchants, and Owners of Ships and Vessels, trading to and from the Port and Harbour of Liverpoole, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Eyes, Surveyor, being examined, said, That he hasftirveved the Coafi within the Extent of the Port of Liverpoole, and to the Northward, Southward, and Welt-ward:

That the Entrance is dangerous; and that erecting Light-houses would be advantageous to the Navigat ion, as they will serve for Landmarks by Day, and for Lights by Night:

Vol. 29.

That the moll convenient Places for building Light- Liverpool Iioufes would be at, or near, Milje and Harbour.

Hall, which lie within a Mile of High Water Mark:

— That this Land is an open Common, and has Rabbits upon it; and the Soil confillsof Greenfword, intermixed with Sand Hills, and is of little Value; not being worth more, as he apprehends, than Half a Crown an Acre:

That Four Light-houses are necessary, Two in each Direction; and that they wmuld not be so convenient if erected within the Port of Liverpoole, which he apprehends to extend no further than High Water Mark:

That it is not necessary to erect any Light-houses on the LancashireSide of the Port.

Being asked the Quoltion, he said. He apprehended there was no Necessity of opening any Roads to the intended Light-houses, which are proposed to be erected on open Commons: And that the only lafe Landing is at High Lake-, and there are Roads already from thence to Mi/t/hand Mockbeggar.

And being asked, Whether, if the Land belongs to any Person, it would not, at lead, be necessary to alk Permission to go over it

He said, It would; but that the Ground is Common, and belongs to Two Lords; and there is a Road over it at p refen t.

Air. William Hntchinfon, Mariner, said, He is very

well acquainted with the Coast near the Port of Liverpoole-, and that erecting of Light-houses would be a great Advantage to the Navigation; and that the proper Places for erecting the Light-houses, was, One near Mockbeggar Hall, and the other about 500 Yards Distance, at the Strand Edge; with each a Checque Light,

which would direct the Navigation to High Lake: That the Country there is open; and there are Roads to thofo Places:

That the Channel is liable to shift; but, as the Navigation is at present, there is no Necessity for any Light-house on the Lancashire Coall; but such Necessity may arise hereafter.

Mr. Valence being examined, as to the Value of the Lands whereon the Light-houses were proposed to be erected, said, That, at present, no more than Six Pence a Year is paid for the Privilege of erecting Land Marks on the Ground where the Light-houses are proposed to be built.

And, to lliew that the Mailers of Vessel s tradirtg to Liverpoole, are desirous to contribute to the Expence of Light-houses:

Francis Gildart Esquire, Town Clerk of Liverpoole, produced to your Committee an original Petition to the Corporation, desiring that Light-houses may be placed on the Shore: Which Petition is hereunto annexed,

N° I.

Then Mr. Eyes produced to your Committee an F.fti-mate of the Expence of erecting the Four intended Light-houses, which is hereunto annexed, N*. II.

N*. I.

To the Worshipful John Blackburn Esquire, Mayor, the Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Council of Liverpool.

Gentlemen,

We, the underwritten, Mailers of the Coasting Vessels trading to Liverpool, having a grateful Sense of your generous Endeavours to support the Floating Light, by the Expence of a large Sum out of the Dock Tonnage, do hereby return our moll sincere Thanks, for your great Attention to the public Interests, &c. and as the Continuance thereof would be attended with such large Expences, (as Ihe hath parted her Moorings so often, which made her at same Time but an uncertain Guide); we therefore beg Leave humbly to offer it as our Opi-

3 U nion.

262 ' 2 50 Mar tit. A. 1762.

Liverpool

Harbour.

nion, that Four lights, properly placed on Shore, would be more constant, and more conducive to the good Ends proposed; viz. One large and high Light, to be placed on or about Mockbeggar's alt; another low, and less Light, at the Edge of the Strand thefeTwo to be kept in a Line, for Leading Marks along 7/iy/r, by the North West Buoy, which might be run by in going out, or incoming in, till we bring other Two Check Lights in a Line, to lead into Hyle Lake-, the higher and larger of which to be placed on, or near, the Land Mark; the lower, and less, at the Strand Edge-, the Meeting of these Two Lines would direct to a proper Place for anchoring, to wait for the Liverpool Tide, as may be fcen in the Draft', Sic. these Lights would likewise direct how to go into Hyle Lake, when there is no other Place of Refuge; as at the Six o’CIock Tides in the Winter, which are the Dead of the Neap, and consequently little Water to run round the Rock with, and no Day Light to run for either Channel with a flowing Tide; in such Cases these Hyle Lake Lights may serve to run by, from one Channel to the ether, to keep clear of the West of Burbo: We think ourselves in equal Danger coming in or going out, as we are often catched upon a Lee Shore, by the Wind’s coming about all at once from the Southward to the North Welt, and blowing strong when in the Night, we are close to the Backs of these dangerous Banks which are so deeply imbaved; the many fatal Losses, where the Crew's and Passengers have suffered, with the Ships and Cargoes, are but too well known, to shew the Necessity of these Lights; to support which we are willing to pay a reasonableTonage, to be regulated as other Lights of the same kind are paid for.

This Scheme examined and approved of by.

Jos. Taylor,

Char. Pooke,

John Dobson,

Janies Brown,

John White,

Thos. Molly Richd. Nicholas, Johu Atkinfo

Robt. JVillia

Rd. Kent,

John Benson,

Jim. Higgin

Gilbert Rigby,

John North,

Thos. Falk

Sam. Woodward, Thos. Midgley,

Jno. Brown,

Jno. Barrow,

John Hughes,

Thos. Mollynex, Edmund Jenncy,

This approved of by all the Commanders of tlte foreign Ships of the Yaw Tongue that has seen it; as Witness, Peter Houlston Interpreter.

These Lights approved of by us Pilots.

Thomas Harrison, Robert Stuart,

Arthur BurneJ's, Thos. Pellmcr,

William /,

John Edgcombe, Thomas Thos. Davis,

Ilughuges,

Richd. JFatls,

Samuel Yang,

Benj. Pern Robert Moor,

Jacob Semple,

James Semple,

IVHim. Morton,

Pa It. Mw. Enlegart, John Christian, Frans. Paterson, Richard Periman, John Barry,

Rmold. Hunter,

Thos. JVilkifon,

Henry Stafl'cll,

Thos. Black,

Peter Blackaltcr, William Nichols,

Jas. Me. Cr

Jno. Hays,

Maurice Hearn,

Owen M. C

James Miller,

William Rod,

Jno. M. Gauran,

Jas. M. Entegart,

Wm.Semple,

Jofa.Pug Isaac Ramsey,

Arthur Aers,

, f F.thnd. Limn,

Approved j tDoran.

Wm. Finer,

Andie. M,

Samuel I Thos. Atka,

Robs. Will

William Chapman, Edward Roach,

Tho. JohvJon,

Vail. Roe,

Michl. Fli

William Dunn,

Geo. III.

25® Martii.

2 63

N* II.

AN ESTIMATE of the Charge of Building ra Timber Light-house for the Port of of the

Dimensions described in the Plan. ’»

- D® -

per

4Oak Soils, 18 Feet long, 6 Inch thick, 8 Inch broad - ' a

2 D® at light Angles, in the Middle of the Plat Form -

4 Angular Braces, in all, 18 Feet long ——

3 Fir Corbs, in the Form of a Hexagon, for the Floors of the Light-house, and Top Corb, g

Inch broad, 6 deep, in all 72 Feet '----- at

6 Polls to suppoit the Floor, each 17 Feet long, 6 Inch Square, in all 102 Feet - at 6 6 Braces, or Shores to the Angles of the Hexagon, each 30 Feet long, 8 Inch by 6 Inches Square, in all 180 Feet - - - -.- - - - - 8 d. per

6 Braces, from D®, to the lower Part of the Hexagon, 24 Feet long - - - at 6

6 upright Posts, for the Corners of Hexagon, 21 Feet long, 6 Inch Square, in all 126 Feet - - - - - - at 6 d. per

Braces between D®, to strengthen the Boards -

Boarding the Sides and Top with Inch Fir Boards, 520 Feet - - - - , at 2^ per

Timber for the Roof, Two Floors and the Gallery -

24 Wood Steps to the Lanthorn, Wood, Nails, and Workmanship - - - 3 per

A llrong Ladder into the Hexagon, with Two Hand Rails

54 Feet of Salh Frames, and Salhes, the Glass of the bell Crown - - - at 4 s. per

Carpenters Work, Nails, and Hinges - .

Painting the Outside of the Hexagon, Braces, etc. -Lathing and Plaistering the Inside of the Stair Cafe, 24. Yards,

Lamps, RefleClor, and Dragon for the Head of the Chimney -

Another Wood Light-house, the fame

To Brick Light-houses, as per Contra

interest of^.O;5 at 5 per Cent. - -

140 Tons of Coals Annually, for both Light-hpufes, Freight and Cartage-

440 Gallons of Oil, for both Lamp Lights

4 Men to attend the Lights, and Supervisor, per Annum - -

Cotton Wicks for the Lamps, with other Fuel to light the Fires

Land to set the Marks on, collecting the Duties, and other incident Charges

> n s. per

- at 2. 6. per

4 O 0

2 O 0

I O 0

2 8 0

2 11 0

6 0 0

0 12 0

3 3 0

3 3 0

5 8 0

4 10 0

6 12 0

2 5 0

10 16 0

*5 0 0

2 10 0

2* 2 0

10 0 0

94 0 0

94 0 0

188 0 0

737 2 8

925 2 8

46 5 O

84 0 0

55 0 0

100 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

3‘5 5 0

VoL.

29.

Liverpool Hai boijr.

Liverpool

Harbour

264 25* J MartiuA. 1762.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of Building a Brick Light-house, for the Use of the Port of

the Dimensions as described by the Plan.

The Brick Work of the lovvfcft Part, under the Floor, 19,050 Yards of a Wall, 4 thick, making -

The Middle Part, 15,320 Yards of Walling, 3 Brick thick -The Upper Part, Half the Circle, 37 Yards, 3 Brick thick - For the Chimneys, about the Stairs and the lovveft Floor

Brick

Thoisa. 76,200 Bricks, 45,600

11.100

10.100

143,000

143 Thou fan d Bricks, thipt. on Board at Liver/ml, at 10/6 per Thotifand -Freight and Cartage of 143 Thousand of Bricks, to the Place where they are to be used - - - - -at i2f.

230 Feet of Stone Steps, Carted and Wrought - - at 1

Mortar, and Setting 380 Yards of circular Walling - - - at 26 per

Workmanship of the' Room Chimney -

Laying the lowest Floor with Brick ' -

Workmanship of the upper Chimney, SCc. -

Lodging Floor, 30 Yards, Beams, Joist, Flooring Boards, Nails, and Work, 6 s. per The Upper Floor, flagg’d on the Boards, 28 Yards - - - - at 1

Outfnle Door, Inside Doors, and Windows, in the Lowed Part -

324 Feet of Salh Frames, and Sallies of Crown Glass - - - . 4

Roof and Slateing, containing 1 1-4th Rood ----- at £.10

Cieling Roof, 27 Yards ----- at

182 Yards of Wall Plaister -.....---. at 5

27 Yards of Lath and Plaister Cielings - -.....-at 12 per

Timber, Lath, and Plaister, for the Projection of the highest Chimney -Gallery Stone Work, to cover y»e Wall and Rails to the Gallery -

Bellows, Irdn Grate, Copper Reflector, Wince, Bucket and Rope, and other necessary Utensils »-----.....-

Another Brick Light-house. of the same Dimensions

75

89 7

11 10

47

o 15

o 7

3

9 0 14 o

4 o 64 j6

12 10 4

3 *5 IO

170 210 o

10 00

1500

368 11 4

368 11 4

6

o

o

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

737

8

2 Geo. III.

Liverpool Ordered, That it be an Inflruilion to the Committee,

Harbour. w|lom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an A (St passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts relating " to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the " said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and " building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for " enlightening the said Dock;" and for erecting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservat ion and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for erecting Light-houses, or setting up Lights, within a limited Distance from the said Port of Liverpool.

Private The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order 1 of Yesterday, that Leave may be given to move the House this Day to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Hinckley Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to

Coventry w^om Bill for explaining and amending so much JUad/ of Two Acts, of the 17th and 29th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to the Road between Hinkley and Coventry, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of William Hurfi, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and several

others, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands near the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

bmuPs Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Conimon, whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrad's Common, in the Parish of through

Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Repayment of Money, lent upon the Credit of the Tolls.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

y Mr. Ijowndes reported from the Committee, to whom l'uo'k f the Bill fordividingandincloling the Open and Common Fieldsin t he Manor of S/teidcy Brook End, in the Parish of Vol. 29.

265

Shenley, in the county of ^Bucks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inquire what Laws were expired, or near Law*, expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act made in the Second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1729, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Ail was, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, farther continued until the 25 th Day of March 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Ail was, by an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual,

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pu'rfuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Browning and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for R»m’» discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements dilate*, comprised i n the Marriage Settlement of HumfreysRam,

Esquire, from the Trulls of that Settlement; and for settling Freehold Houses, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, that an Ail made in the First Preservatioa Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, of An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and I^ve*nd Meaning of former Statutes made against shooting in ‘8eoM-Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Phea- n fants and Partridges; and against the Destroying of Hares with Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons, by making the Manner of convicting such Person, or Persons, as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious: And that Mr.

3 X Whichcote,

2 50 Ma ’

266 5* —

Whiche ote, Mr. Fuller, and Sir Rennet ,do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Advocate of , according to Order,

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Vafl'als of the federal Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Eliates in Scotland, to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act the more effectually into execution; and foreuforcing and carrying into execution so much of an AM passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for exempting any Annuities, or Sums of Money, granted or to be granted to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes; as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadfett Sums, claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Eliates which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late Lord; and for enabling the Wadfetters upon that Estate, and upon the other Eliates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of the AM first above mentioned, effectually to discharge their Wadfett Rights, upon receiving Payment of the Sums due thereby; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they haddireMed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Discovery Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Longitude. UjJon t|ie Bill for rendering more effectual an AM made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person, or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevlatid took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clei'land reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therennto; which they had directed him to report, w'hen the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Regulation Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom of the Bill to prevent Thefts and Frauds, which are fre-SueHt,y comm'tted by Persons navigating the Boats, Thames, commonly called Bum Boats, and other Boats and Vessels, upon the River Thames, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directd him to report to the

Mar til A. 1762.

House; and lie road the-Report in his Plan.*; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and (lien a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them,' agreed to by thcHouse: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Hill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Accounts t

Ordered, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Dutie» Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the on Teas, ie. nett Duties upon l eu imported from 174-',

to Midsummer 1761, diliinguiiliing each Year; and

from Midsummerlull to Chrijhnaskill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Teas which have been exported from 1745

to Midsummer 1761, distinguidling each Year; with the different Places to which the same have been exported; as likewise from Midsummer last to lait.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House , ^00r to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <'C0UnM' upon the Bill for keeping cliftinert and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, in all the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I Ion fe supplying to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ionie, tlr M-tVu upon the Bill for the better Supplying the Cities of hm- W|til don and Westminsicrwith Pith; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage Filli-ermen; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynajlontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Kynuston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynajlonaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall besufficient for the Use of the Members of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 26° dieMartii; Anno 2' Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for building Two new Churches,

and providing Burial Places, within the Town of churcho. Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;and for the better Preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fare and Prices

to

Linden’*

Nat.

Lord

Bolingbroke’s

Estate.

Rotherham

Road.

2 Geo. III. i6° Mar tit. 267.

to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

' Pr. 29. 1. 22. to leave ont "to."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building Two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lam'and for the better Preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to he paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chair- men, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Diederick Linden, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bifl he committed to Sir John lipps, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynbston, Mr. Gr Mr. Archer, Mr. kinson, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Upton, Mr. Foley, Mr. monston, Mr. Harris, Lord Macduff] Mr.

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Mr. Pen-

nant, Mr. Gore, Mr Scrgifun, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Tlioroton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Pryce, Mr. Dozodefwell, Mr. Alderman Sir

George Sav He, Mr. Butler, Sir Morgan, Mr.

ett. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Banket, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Glover, Mr. Crefwt And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Stirrer/, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read a Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Fuller, M r. Gore, M r.Staunt onPhilipps, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Jfrard, Mr. Bayntun, Sir George Sav He, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. ToSir

Mr. Fane, Mr Grant, Mr MitMr

Mr. Sturt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Olmius, Mr. Howard, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Ed-

monffon, Mr. By tie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. K;/naff on, Mr. Willy, Mr. lloublon, Sir Edmund //ham, Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bacon, M r.

Mr. Harris, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sir Fran-

cis Poole-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Suffer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tmftees nominated in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to in the Parish of Peniff on, in the County of York-, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Trades-men, and Inhabitants, living and refid ing in the several Towns and Places adjoining, or near to, the said Road, and travelling in and using the lame, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examiped the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; VoL. 29.

and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk's Table:

Whe re the same was read; and is as followolli; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Art was read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted for repairing the Read from Dvncnf-ter to Salters Brook; and other separate Tolls were granted for repairing the Road from Rotherham to IIat t-cliff* Hill; which Act will expire the 23d Day o{May next: And Mv.Samuel 1 tallowsllamer, Treasurer to the Tmftees, produced to your Committee the Accounts of the Money received and distnirfed by virtue of the said Act; and also the original Securities for the Money borrowed; whereby it appeared that \,oooo£. is due ou Inch Securities, and that the Truii is further indebted about 7q£.; and that the Income of the Tolls is not fuf* . ficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and defray the necessary Charges of Management.

And, being examined, he informed your Committee, that the said Road is 15 Miles long, and used by great Numbers of Carriages laden with Yarn and other Commodities brought up the River Dun% and carried along this Road to Manchester; and others, laden with Lime, from liotherham to Ecclesfield, and other Parts of the Road; and with Iron, Stone, and Coals, from Kimberworth to or near to Rotherham:

That the Coals brought from the Duke of Norfolk's Collieries, which ftipply the greatest Part of the Parish of Ecclesfield and Parts ad joining, and greatly damage the said Road, are not liable to pay any 1 oils (except such Part of such Coals as are carried to or near to Rotherham), the Commissioners being restrained by the said Act from taking any 1 oil of the Parishioners of Ac-clcsfield, in case any Gate should be placed in that Parish:

That near Two Miles of the said Road are entirely torn up by Coal Carriages:

That great Part of the Money expended has been laid out on Three Miles of the Road near the said Collieries; viz. between HaJleij Lane and Wortley; and that in the First; Year after the Commencement of the Act, Two Third Parts of the Expenditure was upon One Mile of Road next the Colliery, on which there is no Bar:

And that it will be impoflrble to repair the said Roads, and repay the Money borrowed, unless the Term granted by the said Act he enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Duncaster, through the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salter s Brook, in the County of Cliefer; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hart cliff e Hill, in the said Parish of Penifton; and for making the said Art: more effectual, lb far as the same relates to the said Road from Rotherham to HartcUfic Hill: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- SfcnrLrfdge, pair, the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, &c. by the Hays and Cradley, over Blake Heath, and by Road. Causeway Green, to the Two Mile Stump Toll Gate; and from the Lye to Pedrnore; and from the Lye to Holly Hall; and from Can/eway Green to a Place called Cockjlone, at the End of Hall Street, in the down of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from Colley Gate, in Cradley aforesaid, to Haltjbwen, in the County of Salop; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. lYartf,

M r. Gray, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Byde, Mr. Duke, Mr. Slaun-ion, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Dowdejicdf Mr Fane, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. lloublon. Sir George Savile, Mr. Iinller, Lord Parker,

Mr. Buller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Glyn?i, Mr. Hume, Mr. Edmontron, Mr. Mawbey.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. IVilJbn; and all the

Members

268 26° Martii. A. 1762.

Members who serve for the Counties of Salop,

Warwick, and Stafford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Doping stone Mr. Chaplin presented to the House, according to itoad' Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's in Stamford,

in the County of Lincoln; and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colltam Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Or-to der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from *RCh{fer Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of

°* ' Chichester: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bam’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Hum-freys Ram, Esquire, from the Trutts of that Settlement; and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sparrow’s Mr. Houblonreported from the Committee, to whom Herne, the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping load. *n ^ePa'r> *he Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne on Bushij Heath, through the Market Towns of

Watford, Berkhamjled, Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettypher's Elmto the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account; Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Diipofirioa at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their °‘Gmt* Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1761, has been disposed of, distin-guithed under the several Heads, until the 26th Day of March 1762; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

P> 7 7

N y\CCO l/NT, /7irn ing- Ijow (he IVfoney given for the Service of the* Year x 761 Ims been disposed of, tlininguished under Ibc several lleads^unlil the xGthDay 6f March 1762., and trPB

Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

a

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 70,000 Men, including 18,355 Marines, from the ift

January 1761

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1761 -

For completing the Works of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded Seamen, at Hafler, near Go/port

Towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth, for the Year 1761 - For the Charge of Transport Service, between ill October 1759 and 30th September 1760, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’sj

Land Forces within the said Time....

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1761 -

c

H3

CO

D

(C

t

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

c2

FT

For Ordnance Sea Service ——

For - T>° - Land Service ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expence in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament in 1760 -

f"For defraying the Charge of 64,971 Men for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Gucntfey, iixd Jersey, for the Year 1761 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guaduloupe, Africa, and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Aora Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, l'roridence, Quebec, Guad a loupe. Senega/, and Goiee, for the Year 1761 - For defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, on the Irish Ellablifitment, serving in North America, for the Year 1761 For the Pay of the General, and General Staff' Officers, and Offices of the Hospitals for His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1761 For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, for 122 Days, from the 25th of December 1760, to the 25th of April 17C1, both Days inclusive -

More in addition to the above Sum, to defray the Charge of the said Embodied Militia* and others, to the 24th of December 1.761 - For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1761 ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Maj city’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 19th November 1760, and not provided for by Parliament - -

For defraying the extraordinary E pencesof D°, incurred from the 20th of November 1760, to the 24th of December following, and not pro-. vided for by Parliament ——

\ For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account - - - -.

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and privateGenth men of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horst* reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1761 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the seduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines ——

For Out Pensioners of ChclJea Hospital, upon Account, for the Year 1761 -

For the Difference between the Pay of Major General Aujlrutlur's Regiment of Foot, on the British Eftahlishment, and the Sum paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, fi>r 365 Days, to the 24 December 1761, and for the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, from the respective Times of Commencement of their Eflablrshment, to the 24th December 17G1 - -

For defraying the Charge of 39,773 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckcburgg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, actually employed against the common Enemy, in Concert wish the King of Prajjia, from the 25 December 1760, to the 24 December 1761- ——

Fer defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse, and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Htffe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain> for 365 Days, from the 15th of December 1760, to the 24th of December 1761, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, purfioant to Treaty -.....r

C d.

3*458,000 — — 258,624 7 10

7,130-----

10,000 — —

479.035 19 2

1,000,000 ~ —

200,000 — —

18,000 -

302,267 9 2

4*6,449 4 9

>.576,985 10 Bm /

843.756 12 9

22,179 — —

72,896 H 2

40,358 *9 4

298,668 9 10

56,568 15 2

1,167,903 12 6

993.844 4 43

34.854 9 2

2.973 19 2

1^12 — —

18,360 2 11

2^,361 11 8

463,874 *9 li

268,360 8 8J

Sums voted.

£ d.

5,412,790 7 — 910.716 13 11

Sums paid.

£. *. i.

5*°72,6 o* 5

*92,309 TO 7J1

Remains to be paid.

340,188 4 T 18407 3 3$

I*

CN

VO

4 Geo. III. 26° MartiL

I For defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of 1,576 Horse, and 8,808 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of llejf'e Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the ift of January 1761, te the 31st December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty Towards assisting His Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of HeJ/e Cqflel, pursuant to Treaty - For defraying the Charge of 1,105 Cavalry, and 1,108 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Dukeof Brunjicick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 305 Days, from the 15th of December 1760 to the 24th of December 1761, together with the Subsidy for the said Tiine, pursuant to Treaty To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted for the Charge of the Troops of Brunjicick, to the 24th of December 17G0 - -

for defraying the Charge of 5 Battalions, ferring with His Majesty’s Army in Germany, each Battalion confiding of One Troop of 101 Men, and Companies of Foot, of 125 Men each, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days to the 24 December 1760 -

Towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisions, Wood, Straw, fyc. and other extraordinary Lxpehces and Contingencies of His Majesty’s Combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand -To enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of Prufliu, pursuant to a Convention concluded the 12th of December 1760 - -

For discharging the Extraordinary Expences, not provided for by Parliament, of Bread, Forage, and Firewood, furnished by the Chancery at War of Hanover, in the Years ’1757 and 1758, to the ILjfiun and Prujidn Forces, acting in the Army in Germany, voted ^*.*336,479. 14s. \^d. but satisfied with -

To enable His Majesty to discharge the Principal Sum of One Million, raised in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament 330 Georgii 2dI, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1761, together with the I nterest thereof, and to defray the necessary Charges attending the same - - - - " - - - - ' "

To enable His Majesty to pay oft’and discharge the principal Sum of£. 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out towards discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1760, and charged on the Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1761, by an Act of Parliament 330 Georgii 2di, together with Interest for the said Bills, and the necessary Charges attending the ifl'uing and paying oil’ the fame, frc. ——

Towards the Improving, Widening, and Enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted Anno 1758, on 5th July 1760 - - - - "

To replace to D®, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted per Ad 32° Georgii 2dI, on the 5 January 1760 ——

To replace to D°, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted per Ad 33° Georgii 2di, on the 5 July 1760 ——

To make gpod the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted 1759, at A//c/wt7/was 1761 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted Anno 1759, on the 25th of March 1761 - -

To enable.His Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America for their Expences in Levying, Clothing and Pay of the Troops raised by them -

To the East India Company, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a Military Force in their Settlements - -

Forsupporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, lor the Year 1761.

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incident Expences attending the fame, from 24th of 1760, to the 24th of 1761 -

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted youngChildren, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1760, exclusive, to the3jft Day of

December 1761, inclusive ..... ....

For maintaining and supporting the Fort at Annamaboo, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa For paying and discharging the Debts and Wadfett Sums, with the Expences attending the fame, claimed and sustained upon the Estate forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied, according to several

Decrees made by the Lords of Session, pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 2dl....

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1760 - - - - .- -

Towards defraying the Chargeof Pay and CJothing of the unembodied Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761 -

147,071 5

12^,000 — —

57,798 16 — 2,569 10 —

25,5°4 0 8 1,000,000 — — 670,000-----

335*17 7 1

72,011 6 11

5,969 12 9i 49,424 — —

— I

o

8,344*030 14 4

1,020,170 12 8

D534»oooo-----

15,000-----

127,404 19 8£

t73>'6* — 9

105,579 2 Mi

200,000 — — 10,000 — —

10,595 12 9 4,057 10 —

44,197 10 13,000-----

38*553 12 ij 89,510 12 11 70,000 — ‘

8,344»030 *4 4

1,020,170 12 8

1,534*000 — — 15,000-----

127,404 19 8J 173,162 — pi 105,579 Mi

200,000 — — 10,000 — — 8,810 19 6

4*057 i° —

44,197 10 ~ 13,000 — —

38.553 >2

9,510 12 M

1*84 13 3

80.000 — —

70.000 — — '

26° Martii. & 1762*

g

cq'

<5

o

r*

to

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1761, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of His Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require -

For Discount, after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Ann. to the Contributors of £. 11,400,000 for Annuities, from the Day of completing their Payments, to the 20th of October 1761 ——

To the Bank of England, in Reward for receiving, fyc. the Contributions! or £. 11,400.000 in Annuities, and £.600,000 for a Lottery, and for Rewards and incident Charges attending the Preparing and Drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and delivering out Certificates in Lieu thereof -

£ t.. d.

2,000,000 — —

750,000-----

11,400,000-----

600,00a — — 1,500,000-----

Ways and Means towards the said Services.

By 4Jh. per Lib. on Land.

By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1761.

By Annuities transferable at the Bank.

By a Lottery, attended with Annuities, transferable at D®. By Exchequer Bills (for the Navy Debt and Naval Services) charged on next Aids to be granted in Parliament. 88,667 10 — Remaining uniflued of £.90,000 granted for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, from 31st December 1758, to 25th March 1760, and for repaying £. 1,332 10s. advanced by His Majesty for the Service of the Militia. 1,762,400----- Out of the Sinking Fund.

1,000,000----- Charged on next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

19,101,067 \m —

112,613 5 5$ Deficiency of Grants.

19*213,680 15 5j

Presented the 26th of March 1762, by

1,000,000-----

60,281 11 3

20,629 15 —

19*213*680 15 5$

1*000,000___ ___

60,281 u

20,629 15

l8*7°3*3oo 4

The Charge upon the Surplus Produce of the Sinking Fund, as Part of the Ways and Means granted for the Year 1761 - -- ----- £. 1,762,400 —

Whereof hath arisen to the 5th January 1762, and applied for the £. s. d.

Public Service - -- - 815,605 14 4

Borrowed by Loans and Exchequer Bills on Credit of the said Surplus Produce, and applied likewise for the Public Service -

Remains to be raised on Credit of the said Sinking Fund, towards satisfying the Services which remain to be paid -

549,027 10 —

>.364.633 4 4

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1761.

5io,g8o

397*766 15 g 112,613 5

W. Speer.

Memorandum; The Arrears of former Supplies remaining uppaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow viz

£ *. d.

For the late Marine Regiments ----- --- - 16,506 5 a|

African Company’s Creditors ----- 900 12 10

Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496 19s. 1 %d. - -- 570

Milford Haven, granted Anno 1758 - -- 10,000--

Milford Haven, Residue of10,000 granted Anno 1759 - 6,650 — —

Pay and Clothing for the Militia, provided for by an Act 32* Georgii 2di - 20,000 — . —

Pay and Clothing for D° for the Year, ended the 25 of March 1761 ----- 80,000 — —

134*627 15 71

N CD Q-

cr 0 CS

0

0

00_

7T

% Geo. Ill *Martli.

Scotland; Relief of VafTals,

Scotland; Adjournment of the Court of Session.

Anfvter

to

Address for Account.

Foreign

Protcilants

in

America.

Discovery of the Longitude.

272 26° Martit: L A.\l)62.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Meknbers of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates, which are or may be annexed to the Crown by virtue of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Crown uuaJfenaMy> and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act the mote effecttiafiy into Execution; and for enforcing and carrying into Execution so much of an Act passed in the First \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for exempting any Annuities or Sums of Money, granted, or to be granted, to the Royal Family, from Payment of Taxes, as relates to the paying and discharging the Wad let t Sums claimed and sustained upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Simon late Lord Lovat, and for enabling the Wadfetters upon that Estate, and upon the other Estates which are, or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of the Act first above-mentioned, effectually to discharge their Wadfett Rights, upon receiving Payment of the Sums due thereby; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates, which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act more effectually into Execution; and for enforcing, and carrying into Execution, so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Paying and Discharging the Wadfetts affecting the Estate of Lovat.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session of Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court, for such Time, betwixt the 20th Day of December and the 15th Day of January yearly, as they shall judge most convenient: not exceeding a Time to be therein limited: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Elliot, and Mr. Wedderburn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Barrington reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (That His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief and further Encouragement of foreign Protestants having served for a limited Time as Officers, Engineers, or Soldiers in America, under the Provisions of the Act made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to such foreign Protestants to serve in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Doctor Hay do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 14

for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Providing a Pubtic Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with Regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, was committed.

Doctor Hay accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Comm ittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlaCe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for keeping distinct and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, in all the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

I he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And a Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to prepare an Estimateof the Chargeof the Pay of the Mililiaof that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, For One Year, beginning the 25th of March 1762; and to make Report thereof to the House; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Cloathing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year 1762, as the House fliaiI think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, thathe wasdirested by the Committee tomove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning

Poor

Accounts*

Supply.

Ways and Means.

2 Geo. ill. &60- — 290 27I

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of tile whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

MiKna An ingrossed Bill, to explain, amend, and reduce into * One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, yvas read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, relating to the Qualification of Officers in the Isle of Ely.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to*be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for reforming the Militia, now embodied, when unembodied.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of ' Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 24. To Leave out from the Beginning of the Clause, to the End of the Clause, in Pr. 9. L. 19.

Pr. 10. L. 25. After "large" to insert" of."

Pr. 20. L. 34. After "he," to insert " or ihe."

Pr. 36. L. 26. After " And," to iufert " if a proper " Number of Officers be then appointed."

Pr. 43. L. 38. To Leave out£< he chosen by Lot to." L. 39. To Leave out " and shall serve therein AC personally."

Pr. 75. L. 23. To Leave out from "Lieutenants" to the 2d " of," in L. 27.

Pr. 94. L. 12. To leave out from ec Battalion" to

and," in L. 14.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the ILords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

' Luncs, 2 90 die Martii;

- Anno 2* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1762. Prayers.

Oxiown Gat» A '>Hgi’ofled Bill, to amend an Act made in the 32d &c. xA Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled.

Roads. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from O.v-down Gate, in Bop ham Lane, to the City of Winchester; and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey; and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate and WooIJbridge, in the County of Southampton; and from Woolsbridge to the Great West era Vol. 29.

Road, between a Place called Thick Thorne ix\A Cashmore Inn, leading from Bland ford Forum to the City of New Saru/n; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act made in the $id Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gale, in the County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge; and from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cadimore Inn.

Ordered, That Mr. Rankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for repairing and widening the Hafelden Roads from the White Post, on HaJ'elden's Wood, in the Wood, Pari 111 oCCranbrooke, to Apple dare Heath; and from Milk-house Street, in the same Parish, to Cajlleden's Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish of Benenden; all in the County of Kent; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on HaJ'elden's Wood, i 11 the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath \ and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Cajlleden's Oak, in the Parish of Bid den den; and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish oi'Benenden; all in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Ilewctl, reported from the Committee, to whom MHHfh’i the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates. the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in t lie Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in ac the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom Wob the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for poor. veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given inTruft for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for ellablifiling a better Fund in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Lord Brotvnlow Bertie presented to the House, accord- Witham ing to Order, a Bill for Draining and Preserving certain Drainage, Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Wttham, in the County of Lincoln; and for re-floring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Bray ford Aleer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MifonV

for Selling Part of the Eftat es of William Mqfon Esquire, Estates,

devised to him by the Will of William Mason Esquire,

3 Z deceased,

V

Tavifteck

Charity.

Ditto-

Private

Bills-

Quorndon

liTcioiure.

29 ° Martii.

274

deceased; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Pttrchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates of the said William Mason, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Forrefler, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hobart, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Wilmington, Mr. Alderman'Die kin-fan, Sir George Savile, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr.1 Ward, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dozcdefwell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clive, SirlFynd-ham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed hill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, commonly called the Feoffees Lands of the Pa-rifli of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof.; was read the F’irftTime.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be vetid a Second Time.

The Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17 th Day of April 1753, in relation to the Bill sent from the Lords, for enabling the surviving Trustees and Executors of John, late Earl of AJUburnham, deceased, to sell and convey his Estate at'Bretherton, In the County of Lancaster, pursuant to the Directions, and for the Purposes in his Will; was read.

Resolved, That the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, commonly called the Feoffees Lands of the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, 'in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof; be laid aside.

A: 176

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time one by one; and, upon the Qud;ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Whilworlh preferred to the House, according to tyeflmin*fr Order, a Bill for raving, Cleaning, and‘Lighting the Siuctsf

Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of We/hn infer; the Parishes of 'St. Mary le Bone,

Saint Giles in the Fields, Saini George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Au-drezv's liolbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Bolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein: And the same was received and read the Firli Time.

liejblved, That the Bill he read a1 Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be. printed.

A Bill for the Relief and further Encouragement of porc|gn foreign Protestants,' having served for a limited Time as Protestants Officers, Engineers, or SoIdiers in America, under the in Provisions of the Act made in the 29th Year of his late America. Majesty’s Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Inch foreign Protestants to serve in America, was read a Second Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to a Committee of the whole House.

1 Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolveitself into aCommittee of the whold House; upon the said Bill.

Mr. Fuller prefen ted to the House, according, to Or- Regulation, der, a Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better of Regulation arid Government of Seamen in the Mer- Merch-nt chants Service; And the same was received; and read Seamcn* *the FirffTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a*Second:Time.

The ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation of the 1 Game, was, according to Order, read the Third Time. The House was*moved,'That ’Part of an Act made

Fivft," and insert

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, commonly called the Feoffees Lands of the Pari 111 of 77/-viftoek, in the County of Devon, inliis Grace'JW/A Dtike in the Fast Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for of Bedford; and for establishing a better Fund‘in lieu thebdtterPreservation of the Game, inthat Partof Great thereof; And that Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Rigby, ' Britain, d&\\ed Scotland; and for repealing Part Dfnn Act, and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in the passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, fame. for the better ’Prefer vat ion ‘of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; might be'read.

SAhd the ‘fame was read accord i ngly.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

J Pr. 1.' L. ^6. To leave out <(

" Twelfth."

L. 17. To leave out " March," and insert " February

L. xa6. To leave out " January," and insert " December."

L. 27. To leave out " First," and insert " Twenty-Fifth;" and to leave out " Auguflf and insert " July."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment f as proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 1. Lines^7 and 28, ,by leaving out the Words " or any Hare."

And the Question being put, Thatthofe \Vefccis stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Preservat'on of Game.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees* to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Qlmius reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quorndon, in the County of Leicester, was committed, rl hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to ’the, Satisfaction of the Committee, except One of the Four Trustees for 62 Acres of Land appropriated to charitable Uses, wh'i said heexpected the Proprietors should be at the Expence of making the Ring Fences to their Allotment; and also, except the Proprietors of about Sixteen Acres of Land in the said Fields, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 1620 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill:; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 16

‘ Tellers ftit th* Tackett, 7

£Mr. Foley: £ 51

So

2 Geo. Ill,

So it.passed in the Negative.

And the Bili.vvas amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the Amendments following-were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pi1. 1. L. 28. To leave Out " between-the First Day of March and the First Day of October in any Year."

L. 31. After *€ Pheasant," to insert " Heath ct Fowl, Growfe."

Pr. 2. I.. 9. After <c Fowl," to insert " or," and to leave out " or Hare."

, Pr. 3. L. nit. After of* to insert " the Poor of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill.was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 4. L. 3. after " notwithstanding," to insert ’"and"

And the Question being put. That the Word be there in sorted;

The'House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

.ItJJers for the Y«ras,| olffienables

h6-

So it piaffed in the Negative.

.Then the-Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4, L. 4, To leave out from 4t Whereas" to c<Provided" in Pr. 5, L. 15.

Pr. 5, L. 23, To leave out from the; Beginning j>f the Line to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question f severally put thereupon, agreed to by the; House: And rthe Bill was amended.at the Table accordingly.

'Re/blved/Fhat. the Bill do pass: *And that the'Title 1 be/An Att- for the better Preservetion of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That ‘ Mr. Butler- do carry the Bill to the ' Lords,.anddefire their Concurrence.

275.

of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762.

licfolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissionei’s appointed by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Ileign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the 'Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Sliire of Berxvick, to Conduit, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over* the Tweed\ near Coldstream,; to build the said Bridge, and todefray such other Expences as may be found necefiury in relation thereto.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon 1 heQuestion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. r *

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ftipplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to ei> courageFilhermen; was committed; betaken into Consideration upon- Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° d;

Anno 1° Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

2 90 — 30° Martii.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Employments, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify . themselves for Offices. and Employments; and to, indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and G/Ficers of Ijie’ or others, who have omit-

ted to register. or deliver in, their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law;. and for giving further Time for 1 hole Purposes;

licfolved, That this Hpufc will, u po nJ Vednesday'M o r n-: ipg next,-- resolve itself into a Compittee of the whole Tloufe, upon UiOisaid Bill.

Accounts The Order of vbe Day b^ing.read, for receiving the Report ftom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for keeping distilift and regular Accounts of the Poor under a certain Age, in all the Parities within the Hills of* Mortality, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. - Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply grant- -ed to 11 is Majesty, the Rciohuions which the Committee' had directed him to report to the House; which he read, in his Place; and afterwards-delivered in at the Clerk’s» Table: AVliere the kune were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

! Thata Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand* Pounds, , be granted to HisMa/efty, upon Account, towards de- *, fraying the Charge oft he Pay of the'Militia of that Part , o {Great Bii la in culled England when unem bodied; and

Vox.. 29.

Pray e,rs.

A Bill for ipejofing and.dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Towmship of Rotherham, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Iiefolved, That the Bill be conyrpitted to Sir, George Savile, Mr. Archer, Siir Robert Long, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr jB ago t, Sir Chfirles Mor daunt, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Kemijs Tynte, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John, Philipps, Mr. Townshend, Sir Ellis Cunlifc, Mr.

Butter, Sir William Baker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Parker, Mr. 01-mins, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bijde, Mr. Edmon-.ston^lv'. BeJl) Mr. Gascoynex Mr. Thomas Howard, Mr.

Willy, Mr.\ Alderman Bedford, Mr. Upton, Mr. Smith,

.MivJMc’/bit, jMr. Fonereau, Mr. Medlycolt; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln,: Durham, Northumberland, apd Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afterpoon, at Five of the Clock, in the; Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for veiling certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Botplph. BUlingfgQte, London, late the Estate of / William Clapham Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes, therein, mentioned, was read a Secqnd Time.

v Resolved, That the Bill, be committed tqTMr. JFdrd, Sir Georgei Maytgomery Metham, Mr. W/u(Jl(ed, Mr< Ba-got, Mr. Compbelly JS/lr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mor* daunt, Mr. Alderman^Dic'kiifon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bpone^Mr. Vanfittarh, , Mr. Bidler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.-fonereau. Sir Edward Tvxner, Mr, Bejl, Mr. Whitworth, GraycMn. Stanhope, Sir Frauds Fiji-

wit,

Supplying

the

Fish Markets.

Rotherham

Inclosure.

Skrinr’i

ElUtc.

>2’j6

5 oD Martii.

A. ij

Morgan'*

Eftaccs.

Hinckley' to

Coventry

Road.

Farrad's Common, &c. Road.

tent, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Kynqflon, Sir George Servile, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Staunton, Sir Edward Win-ninglot7, Mr. Fenton, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Bankes, Mr. If a? ris, Mr. Butler, Sw Wyndham Knatchbull Wynd-&7w?; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Essex, Surrey, and Sussex; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the real and personal Estates late of Elizabeth Morgan Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims, and Interest, of the Master and Fellows of Gonvile and Cains College, in the University of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. For-refer,$\r Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Ojivald, Mr. Parker, Mr. G) 'ay, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Symons, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Ifexvett, Sir William Maynard, Mr. TownJhendf>\\' Edicard Winnington, Mr. Ifait. Sir George Savile, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Dcwdefwell, Mr Sewell, Mr. Drake, Mi\ Tucker, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

_Rufnout, Mr. Eliot, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Bejl, Sir Robert Lang, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr, John Harris, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Dempster; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Lincoln: And they are' to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ire-raffed Bill for explaining and amending so - much of Two Acts of the 2,7th and 29th Years of His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of I.defer and Warwick, as relates to the I'oad between N^rklnj and Covrnt/y, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending so much of Two Acts, of the 27th and 29th Years of His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester mid Warwick, as relates to the Road between H i nek ley and Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrad's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt wadi Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and Shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on F'arrad's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of I.ay cock, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wihchester,

&c.

Road.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, widening, and amending the Road front the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Dozen aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, widening, and amending the JRoad from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, -through Whitchurch, and other

Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Dozen aforesaid, through H herwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend junior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to'enable Patrick Blake Esquire, a Minor, to make aSettlementon AnnabeilaBunburySpmltcr, and thelilue of their intended Marriage, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had , examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncnjler, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Scdter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Ifartclifie Hill, in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road from Rotherham to Ifartclifie Hill: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridgeio Peter's Gate in Stanford, in the County of Lincoln; and from thence to the South End of the Town of Alorcot, in the County of Rutland> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Archer, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Smith, Mr; Lowndes, Mr. Stau)iton9 Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gascoyne, Mv. Forrester, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bejl, Lord Hcu'ry Pozclett, Mr. Byde, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Lincoln, Rutland, Northampton, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue to London Bridge: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better Paving and Amending^ Lighting and Cleansing the Streets, Highways, Canfeways, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Coventry, and Suburbs; for widening some Parts thereof; for eft a bfi filing a Nightly Watch, and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs; and for removing Obstructions from the River Shci'bome; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Forrester, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Montagu, Lord George Manners, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rushout, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bull, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gowland, Mr. Baynlun, S\r Matthew Lainbe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Smith, Sir Ellis Cunlifie, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savile, Air.Staunton, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harbord. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Howard, Lord Winterton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Ryder, Lord

Parker%

Blake's

Settlement.

Rotherham

Road.

Deeping Stain Bridge Road.

Avenue to London Bridge, f

Coventry

Streets.

Linden's

Rii.

5 Geo. III. 30 0 Marta277

Parker, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hume, Sir George Montgomery Mctham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Lekejier, Stafford, Gloucester, and WorcCfter: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir jfo/z/2 Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Diederick Weffel Linden, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clqrk’s Table.

An irtgrofled Bill for rendering more effectiiai an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the Making Experiments of Proposalsmade for difeevering the Longitude, was read the Third Time.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the Making Experiments of Pro-pofals made for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That Doctor Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LdofcrT* inSr°0ed Bill, for dividing and inclosing a certain

Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Evemooood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, was redd the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5, L- 22. After " let,’* to insert " or worth to be "let."

L. 4. After "Fird,’* to insert "or Second."

Pr. 24, L. 38. After " made," to insert " excepting " such Parts of the said Allotments as shall be a Dwelling House, Out-house, Garden, Orchard, or Yard, " thereunto belonging."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Private The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Or- der of Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House T 0-

morrow, to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, afterTwoof theClock.

Clrobury Sir Edward Wilmington reported from the Committee,

omrner, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping Roads. in Repair, the Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer to Morrill; and from the Cross IlouJes to Cleobury North, and Prior's Ditton; and to the Liberties of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop; and from Cleobury Mortimer to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to Tenbury, in the County of Worcester; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

VOL. 29.

Ordered, That Mr. Bejl do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Red. 1 from the High Poll Road, near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon s Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent-, and from Bacon's Water to the City of Canterbury; was committed*

Mr. Be(t accord ingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, pollponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Use of any Number of Horses to draw Carriages up Hythe Hill.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendment, which has been postponed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Neiv Inn, \n the Parish of bach in the County of Z.e/c^<?r,to the Turnpike Road between Leicester and Coventry \ and from the Turnpike Gate, at Nunedton Gap, to Witherley Bridge, in the said County; and from Witherley Bridge to the End of Fafe* ley Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and from Fieldon Bridge to Bourn Bridge, in Over Whit acre-, and from the Cross Lanes, near Whitacre Furnace, to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the Arbor Houses, at Mancester Lane End, to the said Guide Post, and to the South Eall End of the Street called the Abby End, in Nuneaton, in the said County of Warwick-, ami from the City of Coventry, through Radford and Carjley, in the County of the said City, by Corley Church and Fillonglcy Church End to New Bridge, by Stoley Hill, to the Cross Roads in Over Whitacre Field; and from Bentity Lane End, to and over Baddefey Common, by the Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Watling Street Road in the said County of Warwick-, and from the North Well End

DKcoveiy of the Longitude.

Fav^rftiarn,

&c.

Pwoad

Bnrback

to

Witherlev, &c. -Heads.

278 3°° — 3*°

-of Church aStreet, in A'Tunealon, through Attleborough and

Bramcote Lanes, to Wolvey Heath, in the said County of Warwick; was committed; That the Committee had ^examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Qcreftion severally put thereupon^ were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

Forrjn The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Proteants a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the America beliefa°d further Encouragement of foreign Protestants,

having served for a limited Time as Officers, Engineers, or Soldiers in America, under the Provisions of the Act made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to such foreign Protestants to serve in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Townshend junior took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Toumjhend junior reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Poor Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Accounts. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for keeping distinct and regular Accounts of the Poor under a certain Age, in all the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Partediam Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Portesham, in the County of Dorset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment$ thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in lus Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

17

Martii. A. 1762.

Mercurii, 3 i° die Mar tii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ram’s for discharging certain Leafbhold Houses and To- Estates-nements, com prised in the Marriage Settlement of Hum-freijs Ram, Esquire, from the Trulls of that Settlement; and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Staunton,

M r. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. P lump t re, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Bejl, Mr. Upton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Willy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Buller, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bade,

Lord Clive, Mr. Parker, Lord Orwell, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Lane, M r. Norris, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fone re an, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hezvett, Sir Lynch SaluJhunj Colton, Mr. Forester, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Kemps Tijnte, Mr.

Bunkes, Lord North, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Powell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Cholmondeley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iii the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee to whom Pool the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Wfa^an Act for repairing the several Roads from the Town of floac(i% Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in the County of Denbigh; and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon, or near, the Roads therein after mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Thomas Chambre, being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in repairing the said

Roads; but that, by Reason of the Trustees being restrained, by the said Act, from erecting Turnpikes upon some particular Parts thereof, and not being impowered to stop up Two Lanes, which lead from Pemj Clawdd to Croefy Street, the Tolls thereby granted are greatly evaded.

And he further said, That if Power was given to erect Turnpikes upon the several Roads branching out of the Roads between Wrexham and Ofivejlry, and Oswestry and Pool (which Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and in the Winter Season scarce passable), and Likewise to stop up the said Lanes, the same may be effectually amended, and the Payment of the beforementioned Tolls thereby secured; which cannot be done unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, be enlarged, and rendered more effec tual.

Mr. Francis Knevett confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the lerm and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for repairing the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaidan, in Mochnant, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned: And that M r. Kynaston, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, and M r. Myddelton, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The

Private

Bills.

Ditto.

Fliirwell, I *c. Road.

St. James’4:, \V; I'rrinster, Poor.

Woburn

Pocr.

Linden’s

Nat.

Blake’s

Settlement.

Newport

Writ.

2 Geo. III. 31° Martii. 279

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, that Leave he given to move the House, this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock,

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed. Ibis Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the IToufe, Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills ,have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, through Highgate, in the County of Kent; and the Parishe.s of Sandhurjt, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suffer; and from Highggte aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sufferand to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for cleaning the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for dcanfing the Streets, l anes, and other Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westm infer; and for enlarging the Church l ard belonging to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre ao carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that some Amendments are proper to be made to the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trull, for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof; which Bill was, upon Monday lad, reported from the Committee, to whom the same tvas committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Hill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Diederick Wefjel Linden, was read the Third Time.

Bejhlved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Patrick Blake, Esquire, a Minor, to make a Settlement on Annabella Bunbury, Spinster, and the Issue of their intended Marriage; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

BefoLved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Charles Holmes, Esquire, deceased.

Vol. 29.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Ihc Road leading from the Head of Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Walton Gate j and from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called the Sands; and from Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Five Lanes; and from Tcing Bridge, to Bovey Mills, in the County of Devon; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally pro posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 22. To leave out"" not exceeding legal Interest."

Pr. 51. I. 17. To leave out from " therein," to the End of L. 28.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates entailed by the Will of Edward Mellish, Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money, arising by Inch Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hcwelt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, commonly called the Feoffees Lands, of the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks to Woods-gate and Tunbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate, to Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repair-; ing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lam-berhurfi Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer; as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Ilill, and Flimwell Vent aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 27. To leave out " and, " and insert " or."

Pr. 49. 1. 7. At the End of the Line, to insert " Hand and Seal: or,"

I. 8. To leave out " Two," and insert " one."

1. 12. After " said, " to insert " Justice, or;" and after " Justices," toin-iert " is and."

1. 17. After " Justices," to insert "is and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the Four-

c teenth

Bridgetown

Pomeroy

Roads.

Mellish’,

Estates.

Tavifldck

Charity.

Sevenoaks

to

Tunbridge

&c.

Roads.

280 31 0 Martiu17 52*

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoaks, to iVoodfgatciand Tunbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kipping’ Cross, in the County of Kent; and all'o for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer; as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and Keeping in Repair, the said Roads, leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Richards* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-^amc’ able William Richards and Edwai'd Richards, Infants, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, A11A61 to en-

LeaGng. able Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthamflowe, in the County of Essex, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years: To which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

vcrfliain, Mr. Best reported from the Committee, to whom the Road, for amending and widening the Road, from the

High Post Road, near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Afford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent; and from Bacon's Water, to the City of Canterbury; was re-committed, with respect to the Amendment which was Yesterday postponed, That the Committeehad made Oneother Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sproatley Sir George Montgomery Metham reported from the

nclofare. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pastures, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship otSproatley, in Holderness, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scotland; The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Adjournment House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Court nf Judges of the Court of Session, in Scotland, to make 6cflk>m* an Adjournment of the said Court, for such Time, betwixt the 20th Day of December and the 15th Day of 16

January yearly, as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding a Time to be therein limited: And the same was received; and read the Firii Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Montgomery Metham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more eaty and , speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughput; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several " Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for " enlarging the said Harbour, b}* making an additional " Dock; and building a Pier in the open Harbour " there; and for enlightening the said Dock;" and for erecting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Preservation 'and improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool; which Bill was, upon this Day Sevennight, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of West-moreland, through Sedbergh, to Grecta Bridge, in the County Palatine of LancaJ'ter; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirby Kendall, in the said County of West-moreland; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tho same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Thomas Tozvnfield, junior, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief and further Encouragement of Foreign Protestants, having served, for a limited Time, as Officers, Engineers, or Soldiers, in America, under the Provisions of the Act made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s ’Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to such Foreign PnT-testants to serve in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directel him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered

Kingstan upon H'jfl Sir.all DsittSi

Liverpool

Harbour.

Sedbergh,

&c.

Road.

Foreign

Protestants

in

America.

a Geo. III. 310 Martii. — -10 Aprilis. 28 r

livened the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion being made, that the said Report be now read;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as for as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Account 5 Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Milt House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Duties. Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1762, of the several Duties on Malt, established by an Act 33 Georgii 2-1. for paying Annuities granted Amo 1760, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time.

Militia Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Cloathii? House, An Account of the Money granted by an Act 31 Georgii 2". towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for the Year 1758, and for defray ing such Expences as were aftnally incurred, upon the Account of the Militia, in the Year 1757, how much thereof hath been issued, and how much remained in the Exchequer uudisposed of on the 5th Day of April 1762; and also an Account of Monies remaining uniffiied at the Exchequer, on the said 5th of April 1762, which were granted by an Act 33 Georgii 2di towards defray ing the Charge of the Pay and Gloath-'rhg for the unembodied Militia for the Year, endecbthe 2 3th Day of March 1.761; and of the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and CJoathing of t he nil-embodied Militia for the Year, ended the &5th Day of March 1762.

Supply The Order of the 'Day being read, for the ffottfe >to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,>to codfider further of the Supply granted to His Mu}efiy.$ Ordered, That the Account, ffiewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year *1761-, has been dff-'posed of, distinguished tinder ‘the several Heads, utfltfl the 26th Day of March 1762, arid -the Parts -remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiencies thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the T’aper, i n t i t uled j ‘ *P notOcol, March 3d 1761, and Traiiflation," (which was Jprefetited to the House upon the 4th Day Of March \q6i) che ^re-<!Srred to the said Committee.

Then the House refblvcd itself into the said i Committee. . ' /

Mr.. Speaker

Mr. A^i\e\ mish Dichin/on took she'Chafr of the Corti-inittee. . '

Mr. Speaker re filmed the Chair*.;

Mr.Alderman;Z)foA//?/?wreporfedfrorti;the Committee, That they had eome to feyer^ Reibiution^; whicTh they had directed him to report, when the'House wfil please to receive the same. V. J.’ C *s

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ]

Mr. Alderman DickhiJbnrddiO acquaintedtheHoUfe, That he was directed by the Committee ta tnove^that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refvlved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of the Supply granted 4o

His Majesty.

VOL. 29.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^?cnadri6 to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refotved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Grder of the Day being read, for the House to Offices resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon £mi^ments< the Bill to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify p themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purp ofeS;

Refvlved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Cow side ration the Supplying Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Fish whom the Bill for the better Supplying the Cities of Markcls* London and Westminster with <Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage Fishermen; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amend utents made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time .; and, upon the Question severallly put thereupon, foveral of them were disagreed to; and tire rest were, with Amendments tofeveral of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the ’House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iagrossed.

And then the Hourse ^adjourned till To-morrdw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yowsy 1° die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii III*1 Regis, 17*62.

Prayers.

AN ingrossedBffl fordividing and inclosing the Open Shenlcv and Common Fields, in the Manor of* Shenley Brook Brook End, in the iParish of Shenley, in the County of hi cloture. iBueks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thait the Title be, An Act for dividing and 'indlofing the Open and "Common Fields in the Manor of RrwA End, in

"the Parish of Shenley, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Richards* to enable William Ridftards anfd Edward Richards, In- hlame» fants,-and fhefr lBeirs, to take and use the Surname, and'bear the Arms di'Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powdt, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Tlfrfe,

KefofoedL, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

...v\ . \

- 3&h ingrbfted Bilhfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act Carew's

to enable Sir Nicholas Llacket Cavew, Baronet, to grant Leafing, a Lease, or. Leases; of Part of his settled Estate, for Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Con trad by hfaventdred into for>that ^Purpose, wa6 read the First Time,

Mefolved, That the Bill be read -a Second Time.

4 B A Petition

281 i° Aprilis.. .1

Rotherham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Moiety of certain. Lands and Hereditaments, dev i fed *oad* thereunto subscribed and set, being Gentlemen, Free- by the same Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Fa-holders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living mi lies, and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in and residing within the several Townships and Parishes of John Boyd, Esquire, and his Heirs, was committed: That ' Kimberworth, Ecclesfield, Wort ley, HunJhelf,&vA several the Committee had examined the Allegations of the other Townships and Parishes adjoining, or lying near, Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties to a High Road, leading from Rotherham to Hartcliffe concerned had given their Con-font to the Bill, to the Hilly in the Parish of Peni/ldn, in the County of York, Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-of the Petition of the Trustees, nominated in and by out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late the Clerk’s Table.

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to '

Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penijton, in the County A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Stourbridge, of York, and of the several other Persons, whose Names and principal Inhabitants, of Ihe Parishes of Frankley, are thereunto subscribed; and alleging, That the Peti- Nort/ffield, and Parishes adjacent, in the County of Wor-tioners apprehend, that when the said Act passed, the ccsler, and in the Parishes of Hales Owen, and Rowley, great Object in view was to make a good Road to open a in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Names are Communication for the Carriage of Goods to and from thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,' and Rotherham to Manchester; but that notwithstanding the read; Alleging, That the Petitioners find by the V otes.

Money funk, and Toll collected, it has been found the that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for the Amending, same has not been effectual, but the said Road in many Widening, and Keeping in Repair, the Road leading Parts continued very bad, and within Two Years pall from the Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of the Number of Travellers and Carriages passing along Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the the fame, has been ltill moreinsufficient to raise Money Counties of Worcester y Salop, and Stafford; and set ting to repair the fame, and very few Goods have been car- forth, that the Road, branching out ofi and leading ried along the said Road, by reason of other Turnpike from, the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, in the Roads made from Doncaster and Wakefield into Lanca« County of Worcester, leading from Hales Owen, in the shire, and from Sheffield, through Derbyshire, to Man- County of Salop, to Dudley, in the County of Worcester, chester, and other Parts, so that little Toll can now be aforesaid, by Withy Moor Mill, up Poke Lane and across collected upon the said Road, but from the Petitioners, Black Heath, in the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the and other the Inhabitants of the Townships adjoining, County of Stafford, through I^ing Lane, to the Black which can never raise sufficient to answer the End pro* Boy in the Turnpike Road leading from Hales Owen pofedby the said Act; and that there hath been, in con- aforesaid, in the Road to Birmingham, in the County sequence of the first Act, no Toll Bar erected upon the of Warwick; and from thence through Carter's Lane, said Road, (which is about Fifteen Miles in Length) and the Parishes of North field, Frantdey, and Kinfs Hor~ but in the Township of Kimberworth; and that for Four- ton, in the said County of Worcester, to Rednalt Green, teen Years last past little or nothing has been laid out in in the said Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's that Part of the Road, for want whereof a great Burthen Lane aforesaid, down Merit's Lane, to the Bell Inn at has been brought upon the Petitioners, and particular- North field aforesaid, in the Turnpike Road leading from ly such of them as live in or near the said Township of Birmingham aforesaid to Bromsgrove, in the said County Kimberworth; and that notwithstanding the Petitioners of Worcester; are, in divers Places, so deep and ruinous, have constantly performed their Statute Work, and col- that Carriages and Passengers on Horsebaek can not pass lefteda Rate of Six Pence in the Pound, Nine Tenths in the Winter Season without great Danger; and that of which, it is believed, have been laid out upon the the said Roads are, in many Parts, narrow,' and cannot Turnpike Road, and they are now indebted to the Sur- be effectually amended arid kept in Repair by the Lhws veyors of the Highways the Sum of £. 88. 8s> 4the mow in being: And therefore praying, That Provision Petitioners apprehend. That if the former Act be re- may be made in the said Bill, for the better Amending, vived, and an additional Toll granted, yet from the Widening, Altering, and Keeping in Repair, the said Nature and Situation of the said Road, and from the Roadsleading from Dudley Wood, through the Parishes small Number of Carriages and Travellers passing along and Places aforesaid, to Rednall Green, and to the Bell the fame, the Tolls to be collected will not be near fuf- at Northfield aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House ficient to amend and keep the said Road in Repair, un- Avail seem meet.

less heavy Tolls be laid, or a Catch Penny made of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coals, and other Things that pass half a Mile or a Mile Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-upon the said Road, which generally are lead in Summer, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it when the Roads are naturally good: And therefore pray- -Avail appear to them, to the House: ing the House to take the Petitioners same into Const- And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Sir George Savtte, deration, and grant them such Relief in the Premises as Mr. Chaplin, Mr Bacon, Lord Cary sfort, Mr. Butler, to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Lavett, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Clive, Mr. Houblpn, Mr

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Francis Pvote until the* Bill for continuing the Terra and Powers of an Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bxiller, Sir John Philipps,

Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Mr. Heicett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Whit- Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from worth, Mr. Jenkinfqn, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Doncaster, through the Parish of Penijton, in the County Mr. Smith, Mr. Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Barring-of York, to Salter's Brooks in the County of Chester; ton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Armine and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County Wodefoufe, Mr, Shiftier, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penifton; Best, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. O/baldeftvn and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the Mr. Townjhpnd, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Amy and, Sir Thomas same relates to the said Road from Rotherham to Hart- Palmer, Mr. Holt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hobart, xliffe Hill; be read a Second Time. Mr. Hume, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Chetwynd;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties off Vo r- Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom cester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick; and for t he Prin-te* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act cipality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, for vesting a Rent Charge, in Fee Simple, in Trustees, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and for the Benefit of certain poor Families, described in have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the Will of John Stylcman, deceased, in Lieu of a

A Petition

Stourbridge,

ire

Ro-d.

Fell’s

Leafing

Sparrow’s

Herne,

&c.

Road.

Private

Bills.

a Geo. III.

Aprilis.

283

A Petition of several of the Trustees, for patting in execution an Act of the 20th Year of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Power granted by an Act of the 13th Year of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Bromsgrove to Dudley, and other Roads therein mentioned) was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That great Part of the Road between Bromsgrove and Dudley is a deep Clay, and that the gross Tolls, One Year with another, do not exceed Two hundred Pounds, which being chiefly collected from heavy Carriages with Coal and Lime, arc hardly sufficient to keep the Road in Repair; and that the said Trustees have been obliged to take up at Interest, upon their own Personal Security, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, towards repairing the said Road, which is still unrepaired^ and that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has been prdented for annexing to a Bill now depending, a certain Road branching out of the said Turnpike- Road, at a Place called Dudley Wood, by Witheij Moor Mill, along Poke Lane, and other Places therein described, through the Parish of Franhhry and North field, and Rednall Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, for the Purpose of making the same Turnpike; and that in case the same thou Id pass into a Law, it would greatly lessenthe Tolls on the before'mentioned Turnpike Road, and be prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore' praying, That the Petitioners may be heard against the before mentioned Petition, and that they may have such Redress as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthamftowe, in the County of Essex, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamstead Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

; Pr. 12. 1. 24. after " Farm" to insert<c House."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roiad from the South End oiSpar~ tow's Herne, on Bushy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhamstead Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near4 Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Houblon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave may be given to move the House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two ‘of the Clock:

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, tips Day* after Two of the Clock.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Private Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees, to 1 whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr*

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Two Pcuiea for continuing and rendering more effectual an Aftpalf- Scots, ed.in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for combining an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for layinga Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that Hi all be vended pr fold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported, and exported, into, and out of, the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aflibome, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from &c* Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford', and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufhlon Common, to Conglelon, in the County of Chester; and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle,

Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Affi+ borne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saukey to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Br?ok.

28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George avlSatlon* the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County of Lancaster \ and for the extending and improving the said Navigation; without any Amendment:

Arid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lanchester for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, ladolutt. called Middlewood Moor, or Ujhaw Moor, within the Manor of Lanchester, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encourage-for the Encouragement of Seamen; and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act princethorp« for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Inclosure. Common Meadows, Common Palin res. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Princethorpe, in the Township and Pa-rifli of Stretton upon Dunfmore, in the County of War-rviclc, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Perkins* veiling a Toft, or Scite, of a Copyhold House in Rich- Elrate.

mond, in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins, Gentleman, deceased; and for im-powering7o//« Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Estate at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rnggletf ldischarging divers Lands, Eliates, and Hereditaments, Eftaw# devisedby the Will of Thomas Ruggles Esquire, deceased, from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements of greater V alue in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords dev fire the Concurrence of t his House.

1 And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Wiford (from the

i° Aprilis. A. i 762.

Journals.

the Exchequer) attended at the Door 5 he was called in; ing the Journals of this House; and which have not and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to been made good by this House. their Address to His Majesty, And then he withdrew.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been And the Title of the said Account was read,

issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses The said Account is as followeth; viz.

of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Print-

To the honourable the Knights, Cities, and Burgesses* in Parliament assembled.

A to ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His MajdLy’s Orders, pursuant to Ad.

dresses of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journals of this House, and which have v not been made godd by this House.

To Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, towards defraying the E'xpence of Print ing the Journals of this ] £.

House, from the Beginning of the qth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the I last Session of Parliament; and also towards defraying the Expence of Making and Print-,) 1,500 ing Indexes to the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, arid 7th Volumes of 'the Journals of this I House - - - -J

Exchequer, the ill Day of ‘April, 1762.

Edward Wilford.

d.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That teavebe given to bring in a Bill for Will* and flowing farther Time for lrirolments of Deeds arid Deeds. ^Vitis made by. Papists; and for Belief of Protestant Turchafers: Arid that Mr/Fw/ler'andMr. Bacon do pre-... ^pare, and bring in, the fame.

Swppty. ’ T^Ir. Alderman D/e/ih?/?)w, according to Order, reported from (the‘Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of flie Supply granted T to riis Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee

had (Hrected liitn to report to the Tloufe; which he read 'in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tribib’: ^Vhete the same Were read and are as followeth;.m.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, riot exceeding Filly thousand Pounds, be

granted to 'His Majesty, on Accdurit, towards assisting IIis‘Ma^efly to grant a reaforiabTe Succour in Money to YhriLandgrave of HeJJe Cajfel, pursuant to!Treaty.

ttejblved, That it is the Opiriioh of thisCrimmittee, That a'Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twelve . shoufarid, Six hundred Thirteen Pounds 'Five Shillings audTive Tehee Farthing, be granted toHis Majesty, to riiake good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service

'of the Tear 1761. ..... "

.The said Resolutions being severally’reada Second *’ - 1 Time/were, upon the Oueftion severally put thereupon,

' a jreed’td by the House. ' '. 4

Kioufion ' ! Sit* George Mtintgotyefy UTelhaiti trotted From ffre pon Hull ‘Committee, to whom the^ill to amend, and render more Street*. effectual, federal Acts jrfcuje for cleansing arid enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon ?/riW, and for preventing Annoyances' therein, Was committed, That the Committee hgd examined the Allegations of the

: 14 -

- Bill, and found the same to be true; and that thC Cotri-mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Iris Place; and aitertvardsdeliveredtheB?lt, wdth the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were rince read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, Upon the Question severally put thfereupori, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed ‘ Bill for the Relief and further Encou- Foreign tfagemen^df foreign Protestants, having served for a li- Proreftanti mitedTime as Officers, Engineers, or Soldiers in Ante- in r/ctfj'urider the Trovifiotts of the Act made in the 2:9th Amefic*» Year of his date Majesty's Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grrint GrimmiOhms to such foreign Protestants to serve in America, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment-following Was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 31. To kave out "awl*" and insert"as."

Arid thfe feid Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, dgreedto by the House1; And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly*.

Resolved^hbt the Bill doprifs: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing such foreign Protestants as hrive served,1 or shall serve,’ for- the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royril American Regiment, or as Engineers in America. v Orderedyjhai Mr. Thomas Toimifltend junior do carry the Bill to the Lords, tyad desire their Concurrence.

'. T.'tyilkinjbii reported from the Committee, to whom r> ho

the Bill for coiffirming Articles of Agreement, for in- closing Common fields, Commons, Pastures, andtVafte Iadofure. Grounds, in the To^r^ips or iTamlets of Driughoe,

‘ Upton, arid Brough, in the Tariffi tfJSkipfea, iu Holder-

*ness,

Digifeed

ft

2 Geo. III.

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiMo the Satisfaction of the Committee; except George Smithy who is possessed of One Copyhold Cot* tage in Right of his Wife, who was applied to, but was very ill, and incapable ofsigning; and also except Walter Waide, who, as Parish Clerk of Skipfea, is entitled to Three Sheaves of Wheat yearly, from every Oxgang of Land in the said Fields, who refused to sign the Articles, and said. That his Allotment was not enough, but he would refer it to Mr. Acklam; and Mr. Acklam fixed it at 40 s. per Annum9 as it now (lands in the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was agreed to, and the rest were disagreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

udbury Mr. reporte(i from t^e Committee, to whom the

gury Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading 3t. Edmunds from the North End of Ballingdon BridgCy m Sudbury, Road. in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Scotland;’ A Bill for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session Adjeuvniflent in Scotland, to make an Act journment of the said Court, Court of ^or fllch Time, betwixt the Twentieth Day of December Session. and the Fifteenth Day of January yearly, as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding a Time to be therein limited, was read a Second Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Office* The other Order of the Day being read, for the and House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mp oyments. jjou^ Upon the Bill to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the allowing of further Time to make and file such Affidavits as have been omitted to be made and

Vol. 29.

ApriliS; 285

filed, of the Execution of Contrafls in Writing, to serve as Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors, within the Time limited by Law.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 20 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

THE Lord Carysfort presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of, and in, the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Towcester, with the Hamlets of Wood Burcott and Guide-cvtey in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets and Passages within the said City and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Slaughtering of Cattle, and Sale of Meat, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quorndon, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordlliip or Liberty of 2uorndony in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrex-ham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrharder in Mochnant, in the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other Roads within mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4 C An

Towceftef,

&c.

Inclosure.

City of London Streets.

London; Regulation ot Butchers, &c.

Qaorndon

lacloiure.

Pool

and

Wrevham

Road*.

iS6 ' of Jprilis. . 1-62,

ft\jpg!cs» An ingrossed Bill from the Lords* int'ituledj An Act Ertate. for discharging divers Lands, Estates* and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Thomas Ruggles,'Esqwre, deceased, from the Uses and Trulls of the said Will; &nd for settling other Lands and Tenements of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Perkins’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting a Toft, or Scite, of a Copyhold House in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins, Gentleman, deceased; and for ini-, powering^a/w Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Estate at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

RefoLved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Windermere, in the County of JVefJmoreland; ami from Ke/wick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the Couaty of Cumberland; And the same was re ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a.Second Time.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order Pnvatfe. of Yesterday, That Leave may be given to move the BilU. House this £)av, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Dills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, Ditto. upon Monday next, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after 1 wo of the Clock.

Stourbridge, Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Road. and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Frankleu, North field, and Parishes adjacent, in the County of Wor-cester, and in the Parishes of Ilalefoivcn and Rczvley, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto fub‘.bribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees lor putting in execution an Act of the 20th Year of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 13th Year of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Bromsgrove to Dudley, and other Roads therein mentioned, were Severally referred ;That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first mentioned Petition; (no PeiTon appearing on Behalf of the last mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report In his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, Joseph Rowe said, That the Roads described in the said Petition, leading from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to a Place called Rednall Green, in the Parish of King's Norton-, and also the Road from Carter's Lane to a Place called \ he Bell Inn, in North field; are in a ruinous Condition; and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being.

And no Person appeared before your Committee in

Support of the last mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the Hayes and Cradley, over Blake Heath, and by Caujhvuy Green, to the Two Mile Stump Toll Gale; and from the Lye to Pad more; and from the Lyc to Holly Hall; and from causetvay Green to a Place called Cockstone, at the End of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from Colly Gate, in Cradley aforesaid, to Halejbzven, in the County of Salop; is committed; That they have Power to make Provisionin the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudlei/ Wood, to Rednall Green, in the Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane, to a Place called the Bell Inn, in Northfield.

Hdket Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Newmarket Order, a Bill for widening, repairing, and amending the Road. . }3oar| f*rorn He/ket, by Yezce's Bridge, to Cocker mouth;

and from thence, by Ij)rton, over Whinlatter, to Kef-wick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Kcfvick, by Dummail Rays and Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmor eland j and from Plinnbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called

J9

A Bill for draining and preferring certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River W itham, falBa8

in the County of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of liie said River from Branford Meer^in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Bojton, to the Sea; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brozvti-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcclt, Mr. Ojbaldcfion, Mr. Butler,

Lori Robert Sutton, Mr. Kymifton, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Archer, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Hume,' Mr. Daniel Lafcclles, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Laurence,

Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Clive, Wv. Jennings, Sir' George Savile,

Mr. Montagu, Sh' George A mi it age, Mr. Town/head, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Rcbinjbn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Upton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Onflozv, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Wilks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burt, Mr. Clive,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdejwell, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Vernon, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Crejwell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Olmius, Lord Orwell, Mr. Walsh, Lord George Manners, Mr. Cujl, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Wynne, SnThomas Cave, Mr. Cafwall, Lord Frederick Campbell,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Grantand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham,

Derby, York, Northampton, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of Godolphin Edwards and John Severne, PM

and several others, travelling the Road from Shrczvfbury, w an^ in the County of Salop, to Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for repairing the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knock in, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaider, in Mochnant, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned: And letting forth, that the Road from Whitehurjt House, upon the Turnpike Roar! between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangollen, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road from Wrexham to Ruthin,' near Tavern Dazvach, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That. Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road; or that the Petitioners may have inch other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

the

2 Geo. III. 2° — 5

the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered,'Wat the said Debate be adjourned till Titef-day Morning ne*t.

Preservation Mr. Whichcote presented to the House, according to of Order a Bill to amend so much of anACt, made in the

Doves and pjrft Year of the Reign of King James the Firit, inti-igcons. ^uled, ^Ct f01. t|ie better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against (hooting in Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges; and against the destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons; by making the Manner.of convicting such Person or Persons, as tliall offend therein, more easy and expeditious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Doncaster Sir George Armitage reported from the Committee to to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of

Brook an made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his

Road. ^ate Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncqfter, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Ilartcliffe FI ill, in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual; so far as the same relates to the said Road between Don-casier and Salter's Brook; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

C*»tv of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

London count of what has been done in Pursuance of the Powers Streets, granted by an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunate 50 die Aprilis \

Anno 20 Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1762^ Prayers.

Tavistock A Bill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Charity. Hereditaments, commonly called the Feoffees

Lands of the Parish of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for establishirrg a better Fund in lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilks,'Mrr Reynolds, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Lord Carysa fort, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vol. 29.

Aprilis. 287

Worjley, Mr. Herne, Mr. Weddci'burn, Mr. Touchet, Mr.

Clive, Mr. Town/hand, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Gore, Mr. IIanbury. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Crcfzvell, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Montgomery Mel ham, Mr. Robin,/bn. Sir George Scivile, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hcudt, Mr. Iillis, Mr. Bidler, Mr.

Wood, Mr. Forrest'.r, Mr. J left, Mr, Shi finer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pitt, Sir Lynch Saltt/bury Cotton, Mr. fVunne, Mr. Grant, General A'Court; and all the Members who serve ior the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Wills, Cornwall, and Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cref well reported from the Committee, to whom Lord the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bol[i11stj^ke,# dischargi ng the F.state of Frederick Viscount Bolingbroke, in the County of Surrey, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Fable.

A Bill for enlarging and improving the North East Avemfe Avenue to London Bridge, was read a Second Time. T Resolved, That Uie Bill be committed to Sir John Phi- Bridge!

lipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Forrester,

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Staunton, Sir Edmund IJliam, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grant, Mr. Danbury, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Harris, Lord Rouston, Mr.

Bayntun, Lord Tilney, Mr. Pnjce, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burt, Sir Matthew Lambe,

Mr. Edmonston, Sir Ellis Gunliffe, Mr. Cafwall, Sir William MeredithfKLv.Ongley, Sir John Morgan, S\rWilliam Maynard, Sir Alexander Gilmour; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Essex, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Mason’a the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eftalcs felling Part of the Estates of William Mason, Esquire, devised to him by the Will of William Mason, Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money, to arise thereby, in the Purchaseof other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other Part of the said Estates, of the said William Mason, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Styleman,» for veiling a Rent Charge in Fee Simple in Trullees, for the Benefit of certain poor Families, described in the Will of John Stylcman, deceased, in lieu of a Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same Will, for the Benefit of the said poor Families, and for vetting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd, Esquire, and his Heirs; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

288

A. 1762.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Richards’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable William Richards and Edward Richards, In-fents, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname and bear the Arms of Potvcll, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Alderman Dickinsony Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Hexvett, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Baker, Mr. Wood, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Pen-ton. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Harrises Charles 'Mordaunt, Mr. Robinson, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fox, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Parker, Lord Midleton, Mr. Edmonston, Lord Tilney, Sir John Gibbons, Sir John Turner, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ongley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Monmouth; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Sproatley, in Holdemefs, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Sproatley, in Holdemefs, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theil* Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effec- Kmgfton tual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for s* preventing Annoyances therein; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town oiKingston upon Hull j and for preventing Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

Rotherham

Road.

Rotherham

Inclosure.

Sproatley

iCclosure,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jufeph Fell, Esquire, to make a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthamftozve, in the County of Essex, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Buller, Sir George Savile, S\r George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Heivett, Sir John Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clive, Mr. Serjeant Heivett, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Seivell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Btft, Mr. Worsey, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Francis Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Trevanion, Sir Edward Turner, M r. Tmvnshend, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Hume, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Champion, Tsir. Bagot, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Eliah Harvey; and all the Members who 'serve for the Counties of Essex, Surrey, Suffer, Kent, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 30. To leave out " Colt," and insert Cods."

-Pr. t8. 1. 20. To leave out the second "or," and insert " andand after " Seal " to insert c< or."

I. 21. To leave out " or," and insert " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- rence.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penifton; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road, from Rotherham to Hartcliffe Hill; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Hanbiny,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Butler, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Seivell, Mr. Lockhart,

Mr. Hexvett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Clive, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Montgomery Metham,

Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Ovjlow, Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Fuller, Lord Midleton, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Edward Simpson, Mr. Smith, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr.

Buller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Thoroton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Lancaster, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Durham, wad Northumberland: And they are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, being Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, living and residing Within the several Townships and Parishes of Kimberworth, Ecclesfidd,

Wortley, Hunjhelf, and several other Townships and Parishes adjoining, or lying near to, a High Road leading from Rotherham to Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penifton, in the County of York, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

‘And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Lambe be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York, is committed.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intithe Open Fields, Pastures, and Pieces or Parcels of tulediAn Act for the betterExecution of the Intent and ‘14 Meaning

Fell’s

Leafing.

Kingston upon Hull Small Debts.

Prefenratkm

of

Doves and Pigeons.

GOOgl-C

2 Geo. III.

289

Meaning of former Statutes made against {hooting in Guns* and for the Preservation of the Qame of Phea-fants and Partridges; and against the Destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow , as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pid-geons; by making the manner of convicting such Person or Persons, as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heu-ett, Sir Edmund IJiiam, Mr. Serjeant Hezvitt, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Ward, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ojbaldeflon, Mr. Town-Jhend, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Butler, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hume, Mr. Upton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Coventry}, Mr. Archer, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Edmonflon, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Clive, Mr. Buller, Mr. Vane, Mr. Burt, Lord Tilney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Willy, Mr. Bull, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Edward Simp-son, Mr. Fuller, Mr. C ref well, Mr. Thoroton, Lord Granby, Mr. Bagot, Lord George Manners, Mr. Dozcdefwell, Lord Midle ion, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Grey, Sir Edward Winnington, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Lynch Salusbury Colton, Lord Winterton. Sir John Gibbons: And they ar^to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scotland; Relief of Vaflali.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Vassals of the several Estates which are or may be annexed to the Crown, by virtue of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty; and for carrying the Purposes of the said Act more effectually into Execution; and for enforcing, and carrying into Execution, so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Paying and Discharging the Wadfetts affecting the Estate of Lord Lovat; without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, on Farrad's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Lay cock, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do not proceed of upon any Petition, now before them, complaining of Privileges, an undue Election and Return.

Farrad’s

Common,

&c.

Road.

into Nova Scotia.

Supplying the Fid) Markets.

An ingrossed Bill for better Supplying the Cities of don and Westminster withFifh; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to encourage Fishermen; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for extending the Provisions of the Bill to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for excepting Contrafts concerning salted or dried Fish, Oysters, Carp, or Tench.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time: And, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Method for recovering Penalties in relation to Contrails.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be mad* Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following wsse severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 2. To leave out<c or."

Pr. 28. 1. 26. To leave out " to," and insert "and." Pr. 31. 1. 9. To leave out " before."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the belter Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish; and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect and encourage Fishermen.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiiie their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made importing in the 15th Yoav of the Reign of King Charles the Se- Salt cond, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for importing Salt, from Europe, into the Colony of Nova Scotia, in America: And that Mr. Eliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

John Yorke, Mr. Oswald, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for. paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Westminster Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Street*. Westminster; the Parishes of Saint Mary te Bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Marty r, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrews,

Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the office* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ancj indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves Employment*; for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Offices of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

VoL.

4D

The

290

A. 17 6s.

Private The House befog moved, in Pursuance of the Order

Bills, vf Friday last, that Leave may be given to move the

House, this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock,

Woburn Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, to whom Poor* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trust, for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof; was re-committed; that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table? Where the Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz. *

The first of the said Amendments being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out " Stantonand inserting " Staunton" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Attendance Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

With fles enforce Attendance of Witnesses before Justices of b "fore5’; and to compel them to give Evidence: And

Justices. that Mr. Ongley, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, the Lord Carysfort, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Upton, and Mr. Fitzherbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 21st Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refilved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 21st Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- Papist’s der, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Wills Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of ee Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 2° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762,

PrayeR3,

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several portefllam Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and inclosure. Waste Grounds, in the Parish cAPortesham, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Refilved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Portefham, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ruggle’s for discharging divers Lands, Estates, and Heredita- Estate. ments, devised by the Will of Thomas Ruggles Esquire, deceased, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read a Se-; cond Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Parker, Lord Verney, Mr. Staunton,

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Harris, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wiliam Baker, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Clive, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Prescott, Mr. Limooood, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, Middlesex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Burbach The other Order of the Day being read; ing in Repair, the Road from the New Dm, in the Pa- to

Scotland The House resolved itself into a Committee of the rHh of Burbach, in the County of Leicester, to the Turn- w>therley Adjournment whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Judges pike Road between Leicester and Coventry; and from i'k0ads

of the of the Court of Session in Scotland, to make an Adjourn- the Turnpike Gate, at Nuneaton Gap, to Witherley

Court of ment of the said Court, for such Time, betwixt the Bridge, in the said County; and from Witherley Bridge,

Session. 20th Day of December and the 15th Day of January, to the End of Fafiley Bridge, in the County of Warwick;

yearly, as they shall judge moil convenient; not ex- and from Fieldon Bridge, to Bourn Bridge, in Over Whit-

ceeding a Time to be therein limited. acre, and from the Cross Lanes, near Whitacre Furnace,

M r. Speaker left the Chair. to the Guide Post on Nuneaton Common; and from the A r-

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of bor Houses,3# Manchester Land End, to the said Guide the Committee. Post, and to the South East End of the Street called

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, the Abbey End, in Nuneaton, in the said County of War-

wick;

1

Holden’s

Eltare.

London;

Regulation of

Butchers,

Ac

Ditto.

2 Geo. III. 6* Apr 291

wick; and from the City of Coventry, through Radford and Carjlcy, in the County of the said City, by Corley Church and FiHong ley Church End, to New Bridge, by Sto Inf Hill, to the Cross Roads in Over Whit acre Field; and from Bentley Lane End, to and over Baddejley Common, by the Coal Pits on the said Common, into the Watling Street Road, in the said County of Warwick; and from the North West End of Church Street, in Nuneaton, through Attleboroughzmd Bramcote Lanes, to Wol-vey Heath, in the said County of Warwick; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Holden Gentleman, and Thomas Holden his Son, an Infant, and their Trustees, to raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, upon certain Estates'in Lei-cestershire and Warwickshire, or on a sufficient Part thereof, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr, Cal'end ish, Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Serjeant Heu-itt. Sir William Baker, Mr. Banlces, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Dozedfwell, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rigby, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Wilbr ah am Bootle, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. While, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Onglcy, Lord Verney, Mr. Lovett, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Gray, Sir John Morgan, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Nottingham, Stafford, Derby, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ill the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to regulate the Slaughtering of Cattle, and Sale of Meat, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Dick infbn. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kymston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rankes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Prescott, Lord Verneif, Mr. Fox, Mr. Linzvood, Mr. Tucker, I.ordClive, Mr. Norris, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Patcrfon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Clio In: ley, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wynne, Kir.Fuller, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Glover, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cust, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Caiysfort; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, the City of London, and the Counties of Hereford, EJjox, Surrey, Kent, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, following the Trade of a Butcher, or a Retailer of Meat, in the City of London, and Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been presented to regulate the Slaughtering of Cattle, and Sale of Meat, within the City of Ixmdon and Liberties thereof; and to prevent the Mischiefs which arise from the driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that several of the Provisions, contained in the said Bill, will, if passed into a Law, not only be very prejudicial to the Interest and Property of the Petitioners and their

Vol. 29.

Families, in carrying on their said Trade; but will also enhance the Prices of Butchers M eat, in general, within the said City and Liberties; And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, again!! the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Lavy.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard l y their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon this said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time in favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition*

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Nicholas Ilacket Cai'tzo, Baronet, to grant a Lease, or Leases, of Part of his settled Estate, for the Improvement thereof, pursuant toa Contra&by him entered into for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Murray, Mr. Wedderburn. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Parker, Mr. Crawfurd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. PreJ'cott, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pn/ce, 'Mr. Linzvood, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbr a ham Bootle, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Sir William Baker, Mr. Grant, Lord Tilney, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edivafd Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, and Sussex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A 6! for veiling a Toft, or Scite, of a Copyhold House in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or other wise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins Gentleman, deceased; and for impowering John Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Ellate at Richmond and Tuddinglon, as are therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wiljbn, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Harris, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. P Umpire, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bankes, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Vane, Mr. Pater-fan, Mr. Wilbr ah am, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilbr aham Bootle, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Eli ah Harvey, Mr. Selzoyn, Lord Egmoni, Mr. Norris, Sir William Baker, Mr. Shaf/o, Lord Tilney, Mr. Staunton, Lord Caiysfort, Mr Butler, Mr. Glover, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Hants, Wilts, and Essex; and for the City of London; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Monfgomeiy, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaider, in Mochmmt, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads within mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gray, Mr PaterJon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Smith, Mr. Linzvood, Mr. Fane, Sir William, Baker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr Glover, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Cust, Mr. PreJ'cott, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Poole, Mv. Jenkinson, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Harris,

Carriv’s

Leafing

Perkins*

Estate.

Pool

and

Wrcxliant

Roads.

292

<5° Aprilis.

A. 17

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bejl, Sir Edward Turnerx Mr. Mills, Stir Bichard Glyn, Mr. Penton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pryce, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Verney, Mr. Cooke, Sir Thomas Cave, Admiral Cotes, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Grey, and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales; and the Counties of Salop, Chester, Hereford, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Tozvcester, with the Hamlets of Wood Burcotl and Caldecote, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Caryffort, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Plump/re, Lord Verney, Mr. Hcweit, Sir George Savile, M wStarkie, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Knight, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Parker, Mr. Choimley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gas-coigne, Mr. Harris, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Lynch Saluflnny Cotton, Mr. Amy and Sir George Jr milage; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Stafford, Derby, Lincoln, Warzoick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Neu^arket A Bill for widening, repairing, and amending, the

Road. Road from Hejket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and from thence, by Lotion, over Whinlatter, to Kef-wick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays, and Amblefule, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Plilmbgartli s Crops, near Kirby, in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland-, and from Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland', was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bankes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr Bacon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cavendish, M y.Pent on, Lord Verney, Mr. Forrester, Lord Garlics, Mr. Smith, Sir William Meredith, Mv. Parker', Sir William Baker, My.Tow? field, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bidler, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bull, Mr. Whcihcot, Mr. Burrell, Sir Lynch Salujbun/ Cotton, Mr. Medlycolt, Lord Clive, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Clivex and all the Members who serve for the Counties or tVcjbn or eland, Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditio. A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes, Towns, Towns]lips, and Villages of Grayflock, Jointly, Blencowe, Wig ton, Baffenthwaite, and Croft hzvayte, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, using the Roads from Penrith, towards Grayflock, Jolmby, and Blencowe’, and from Keswick, towards Wigton, Ireby, and Car-lift e, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have observed by the Votes, that Leave is given for widening, repairing, and amending the Roads, leading from Hejket Neivmarket toCocker-mouth; and from thence by Keswick, to Kendall; and from Kejioick to Penrith; which if obtained, under proper Regulations, and duly carried into Execution, will be of public Utility; but that the Petitioners are informed, that in order to raise Money for the Repairing of those Roads, it is proposed that One Toll Gate should be erected near the Cable at Penrith, between the said l own, and a Place where the Road leading from

*5

thence, by Stainton, to Keswick, and another Road leading also from thence to Grayflock, Jolmby, Blencowe, and sundry other Towns and V illages, do separate; and that another Toll Gate should be ere£led near the West End of Keswick, between the said Town and a certain Place where the Road, over Whinlatter to Cockermouth, separates from that which leads through Baffenthwaite to the Market Towns of Ireby, and Wigton, and Car life; and that should such Toll Gates be erected at the Places above mentioned, the greatest Part of the Tolls col-Jc6led at those Two Gates would he paid by People, who, in passing to and from Penrith and Kejivick, will have no Benefit of the Roads intended to be repaired:

And therefore praying, That if such Bill be passed into a Law, with Powers to erect Toll Gates at the above mentioned Places, Provision may be therein made for applying a certain Part of the Tolls collected at each of those Gates, in widening, repairing, and amending the several Roads leading from Penrith, towards the said Villages of Graystock, Jolmby, and Blencowe; and also in widening, amending, and repairing, that Part of the Road leading from Keswick to Ireby, Car life, and Wigton, so far as the Parish of Groflhwaite extends; or that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jenkinson, S\v William Baker,

Lord Parker, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Penton, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Cavendfi, Mr. Smith, Lord Verney, Mr. Parker, Lord Garlics, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Gascoyne, My.Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bull, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Burrell, Lord Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Clive; and, all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wcflmore-land, Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, andl^/Vr:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bolin^rokc’* for discharging the Eftat e of Frederick Viscount Boling- Estate.

broke, in the County of Surrey, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crejivell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Edward Turner reported from the Committee, to Waite’s whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eftale* Act for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas IVaile, an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances aftecting the fame, and for applying the Surplus Money, arising the reby, for the Benefit of the said Infant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Mr. For refer reported from the Committee, to whom Mounn’s the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eihte‘ veiling all the real and personal Estates, late of Elizabeth MorganWidow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie, Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right,

Claims, and Interest, of the Mailer and Fellows of Gon-

vile.

private

Bills.

City of London Streets.

Rf. James’#, Yettminster, Poor.

2 Geo. III.

6° Aprilis.

293

vile, and Cains College, in the University of Cambridge, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by an Act, made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets and Passages, within the said City, and Liberties thereof; be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TVlWc for ,hP Yp-w fSir 7

Xellers for the i eas,£ Mr Air]erman \

ii r , XT ("Sir William Baker, 1 ,

Tellers for the Noes,} *5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being puty That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the-whole House; 3

The House divided. 1

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas: [ {£ Tellers for the Noes: {

20.

26.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir William Baker, Mr. Paterson, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Glover, Mr. Butler, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Limvood, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Onslow Mr. Solicitor General, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Norris, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wedder-burn, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Hewett, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Harris, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Burt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. MelU/h, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Robinson, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Otwins, General A'Court, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Charles Mordaiint, Mr. Cooke, Sir Francis Poole', Lord Verney, Mr. Grant, Sir Thomas Palmer, Dr. Hay, Lord Caiysfort, Sir John Wynne; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, the City of London, and Counties of Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who como to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for cleaning the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places in the Parish of Saint James, within the Li-Vol. 29.

Sparrow’s

Herne,

&c.

Iioad.

Weyhill,

&c.

Road.

Snettirtiam

Inclosure.

Thurmafton

Inclosure.

Hungerton

Inclosure.

Lord

Winterton’s

Marriage

Settlement.

berty of Westminster; and for enlarging the Church Yard, belonging to the said Parish;* without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampstead Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pet Cipher's-Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton,* near < Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks', without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the T urnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Whole Year Lands and Pasture Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures. Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Snettisham, in the County of Norfolk', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmaflon, in the Parishes of Belgrade and Barkby, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of 'Edward Lord Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by impowering him to fell Part of the Estates in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Norfolk, therein comprised, amid for laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, ‘in the Purchase of other Estates, of equal or greater Va-.

Itiej to be settled to the Uses‘ ov the said/Marriage Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hodfe.:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. JfTncfacte reported from the Committee, to whom Prdervation the Bill to amend so much of an Act made in the First n of . Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, pigeons! An Act for the better Execution- of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against ffiooting in Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Phea-fants and Partridges; and against the Destroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and fracing Hares in the Snow'; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons; by making the Manner of convicting such Person or Persons as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tb report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the*Amend- 9

inents, in at the* Clerk’s Table t Where the AmencP meats were once read throughout-; dnd then a Second Time; bnebyonel; and, 1 upon the Question severalty put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, according to Order, Scotland; reported from the Committee of the whole House, to adjournment whom the Bill for enabling the Judges of the Court of Court of Session in Scotland, to make an Adjournment of the said Session. Court for such Time, betwixt the Twentieth Day of December and the Fifteenth Day of January, yearly, as they shall judge moll convenient, not exceeding a Time to be therein limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-4 E wards

Importing Salt into Nova Scotia.

Private

Bufinefi.

Woburn

Poor.

Morgan's

Etlatcs.

Mtfon’i

JLftates.

294 6* — 7°

wards delivered-the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. -

0) tiered. That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in* grossed.

Mr. presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of Nova1 Scotia in America: And the same was revived; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* die Afcrilis;

Anno z* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Thayers.

fiRdered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business, after Two of the Clock.

Aprilis.

Will; and for exchanging other P<jut of the said Estate-s of the said William Mason, lb deviled, for other Lauds and Tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uli-s limited by the same Will; was read the 'Hurd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Eliate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for dil’charging Incumbrances allefting the fame, and for applying the Surplus Money arising thereby for the Benefit of the said Infant, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, ThatSir Edward Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That Leave may be given to foove the House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

Waff's

Estates.

Private

Bills.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trttft for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossfed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the real and personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan, Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of George Mackenzie, Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and' only next of Kin, discharged from all Rights, Claims, and Interest of the Matter, and Fellows of Gonvile and Caius College, in the Uiiiveifity of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the; Bill do.pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Forrester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forfeiting part of the Ettatesof William Mason, Esquire, deviled to him by the Will of William Mason, Esquire, deqeaied; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said,

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom Ram's the ingrossed. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EftaW* for discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenerrtents, comprifedin the Marriage Settlement o Esquire, from the Trulls of that Settlement; and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu there-" of; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, mat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. 1. L. 5, and 6. Leave out " One of His Majesty’s Serjeants," and inlert " Esquire, Serjeant."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford from the Account: Exchequer attended at the Door; he was called in; Malt Duties, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pifrtuant to their Order, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1,762, of the several Duties on Malt, established by an Act 33® Georgiifor paying Annuities granted

Anno 1760, after satisf y ing all Charges and incumbrances thereupon, to that Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account i$ as followeth; viz.

2 Geo. III.

7° Aprilis.

Private

Bufinefc.

City of London ' btrccts.

295

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACC O U NT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1762, of the several Duties on Malt, established by *n Act 33* Georgii for paying Annuities

granted Anno 1760, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, to that Time.

THE Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1762, of the several Duties on Malt established by an Act 33° Georgii for paying Annuities granted Anno 1760, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time, amount to the Stlm of Seventy-three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds.

Exchequer, the 7 th Day of April, 1762.

Ordered, That the said Account dp lie Upoit the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions of the House of the 4th Day of'December last, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followed!; viz.

" Resolved, That no private Business be entered upon

" any Day in the House, after Two of the Clock."

" Resolved, That no Motion be made for dispensing,

" in any Case, with the Observance of the said Resolution, unless Leave be given by the House, upon the " preceding Day, for making such Motion."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House."

Resolved, That the Receiving Petitions against private Bills that are depending before the House, is not comprehended within the Standing Order of the House, of the 41 h of December last, by which it was resolved. That no private Business be entered upon any Day in the House, after Two of the1 Clock.

A Petition of several Persons whoseNames are thereunder subscribed, as well on behalf of themselves, as many others. Owners, and Inhabitants of Houses lying between the Opening, or Passage, where flood,

and the Mansion House of the Mayor of the City of London, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of this House, That a Bill is brought in for enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, v. ithin the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets and Past'ages, within the said City and Liberties thereof; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Houses, Warehouses, and Premises occupied and inhabited by thorn, are, by virtue of the Powers Vgl. 2g.

Edward Wiiford.

and Authorities.contained in the said Bill, intended to be pulled down, for the Purposes therein mentioned; that several of the Petitioners, some of whom have purchased the Freehold and Inheritance of their respective Houses, and others, who are possessed of Leases for loqg Terms of Years, have laid out very large Sums of Money in repairing and improving their respective Estates, for the better enabling them to carry on and follow their several Trades and Occupations; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners will not only be greatly thereby injured in their Properties, but be also laid under manifeli Difficulties to provide themselves with other Habitations, and Places necessary and convenient to carry on their several Employments: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as afteft the Properties of the Petitioners; and that they may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour *f the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Edwards and , Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America-, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflenzers withdrew.

And

A,

Fordgn

Protestantt

in

America.

Preservation of Gaine*

Militia

Laws.

Discovery of the Longitude*

Winchester,

&c.

Road.

Oxdown

Gate,

See.

Road*

HaftUen Wood,. See. Road.

Sevenoaks

to

'T unbridge, &c. Roads*

39 6 70 Aprilis. A. 17

And the Mouse proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 3. Leave out " the Royal American Regiment," and insert " His Majesty’s " Armies," inftoad thereof.

In the Title of the Bill, Leave out " Royal American " Regiment," and insert " Armies," instead thereof.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications, might be read.

And the same being tead accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England; withfome Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and'Training the Militia, within that Part of Great BritaincaWed England-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in-' tituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with Regard to the Making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of over

Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Neiotoion River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Dozen aforesaid, through Wherzoell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset-, and for amending and widening the Road betvveeq */?inguood Gate, in the County of Southampton, to Waoljbridge; and from thence to the Great Western Road, betwen a Place called Thick Thom and CashmoreInn; without any Amendment: And also,

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the White

Pojton Hajilden's Wood, in the Parish of to

Appledore Ilea th; and from Min the fame

Pjtri(h,to Cajlleden'sOaA-, in the Parish of Biddenden; and

from GolfordGreen, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to

Tanner's Tent, in the Parish of Benenden; all in the Coun-ty of Kent; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the 15

Roads leading from Sevenoaks to and Tunbridge Wells-, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's in

the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said County; and to Tent,

in the County of Sussex-, as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and Keeping in Repair the said Roads leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimzvell Vent aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomer, and from Teing

Bridge, in the County of Devon-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whitejheet Hill, to a Place called the Hare JTar-

ren-, and from thence to the Index Poll, Handing near the Blandfurd Turnpike Road, on the Side of Ilai'nham Hill-, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the said Index Post to a House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkins, from the Commissioners of the Cutioms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Nett Duties upon Tea, imported from Midsummer 1745, to Mid 1761, distinguishing each Year; and from Midsummer last to Chrifmas last: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Teas which have been exported from Chrifmas 1744, to Chrifmas 1761, dif-

tinguishing each Year, with the different Places to which the same have been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Act journment of the said Court, for such Time, betwixt the Twentieth Day of December and the Fifteenth Day of January, yearly, as they ilia.ll judge moll convenient, not exceeding a Time to be therein limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court, for such Time, betwixt the Twentieth Day of December and the Fifteenth Day of yearly, as

they thall judge most convenient, not exceeding Twenty Days.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Au ingrossed Bill to preventT-hefts and Frauds, which are frequently committed by Persons navigating the Boats commonly called Dumb Boats, and other Boats and Vessels upon the River Twas read the Third Time:

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 9. L. 22. To leave out " Justice," and insert " or Justices."

Pr. 12. L. 22. After "the," to insert "Hand and Seal, or. "

Pr. 19. L. 33. After "the," to insert "Hand and Seal, or."

And

Bridgetown

Pomero/

Roads.

Whitrihect

Hill,

&.C.

Roads.

Accounts; Tea.

Scotland; adjournment of the Court of Session.

Regulation of

Rum Boats on the Thames.

>﻿Westminster

dtrtet*.

Deepinf Stone Brilge Hoad*

Skrine’s

fiitatei.

a Geo. III. 70 — A prills. 297

An<l the said Amendments were, upon the Question fevcrdly put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refobied, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to prevent the Committing of Thefts and Frauds, by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Bo-tts, upon the River Thames.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Tie Order of the Day being read;

'Hie House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Libert y of Westminster-,the Parishes Mary le

lime, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr,

Saint George Bloomjbun/,that Part of the Parish of Saint jlndrnc's Jfolbourn, which lies in the County of Middle-

f-x; the several Liberties of the Rollsarid Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of La ncatlerwhich liesih the County of

Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdeli vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcof, in the County of Rutland;

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for veiling certain F.stares, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideratioti Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 29.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mrs. Parkin, who has a Common Right in the Michaelmas Lands, for Two Head of Cattle only, who refused to sign the Bill, because, (lie said, the was told it was an Imposition; and William Allen, whose Interest in the Inclosure is doubtful, and who, having no fixed Residence, could not be found; and who has

an Acre of Land, and Two Houses which have Right of Common, who refused to sign, because, he said, he did not rightly under and the Clauseaboutthe Exchange-of Lands; and the Reverend Mr. Pegg, who has a House intitled to Common Right, and who refused to sign because he had subscribed Ten Shillings for employing Counsel against the Bill; and except Hurt, who has a House with Common Right, and nbout an Acre of Land, and who said, he did not like Inclosures, and would join any Opposition; and that the Bill had been shewn to all the Parties concerned, except the Perl’on who could not be found; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to pppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gonethrongh thd Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; wh iph t hey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-' deration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° diejdprtlis;

Anno 2* Georgii III. U Regis, 1762.

Praters.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and XX. Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supplying the Cities of and Wefi-

minster with Fill), and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect and encourage Fishermen; without any Amendment: Andalfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building Two new Churches, and for providing Burial Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Laneajlet; and for the better Preserving the , Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common Grounds, in Whijfondine, in the County of Rutland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trull, for the Benefit of the poor InUabi-tants of the Parish of Woburn, in the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs, au4 for establishing a better Fund in lieu thereof: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate late of Jenifon, Esquire,

4 F deceased.

Rotherham

inclosure-

Supplying the Fish Markets*

Liverpool

Churches:

Whiflondine

Inclosure.

Woburn

Poor.

Tenifon’s

Estate.

ap8 8° Jpril^.1762.

deceased, at Great Walworth, in the County of Durham, late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road in Trustees, in Trust, to be conveyed to John Dixon, from through the Parish of in the

Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree, and County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of

subsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at Durham; Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this County of to , in the said Purish of

House: And also, Penijion; and for making the said Act more effectual;

Dicker’* The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for so far as the same relates to the said Road between -

Sale of veiling Two Acres of Land, in Walton upon Thames, in caster and Salter’s was read the Third lime:

Land. Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to the Executors of And Mr. Speaker opened, in Part, the Bill.

Samuel Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of MaryDelver,

an Infont; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Rob in -

tills House: And also, , Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Dormer’s The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat* Naturalizing John Doerner; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of freys Ram, Esquire, from the Trusts of that Settlement, and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Refalved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Preservation The House proceeded to take into Consideration tire of Game. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, A11 A ft for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 23. Leave out " Tenth," and insert " Twentieth," instead thereof.

L. 23.,) Legve out " September" and insert 24. S " Aitguff," instead thereof.

L. 29. 7 Leave out " Heath Fowl, Grouse, 30. > *or Partridge.",

L. 31. Leave out " Seasons," and insert " Season," instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttteicorth do carry the Bill to tfte Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Private The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order Bufinef*. made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private BufineOi might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Loughborough Sir Thomas Palmer prefen ted to the House, according

Road. to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Lekester; and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road, at over Colcorton hloor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonnington, to Rempston, in the Counties of I Fleeter and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refalved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

'An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Power* ef an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his 18

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went u^> to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afl'eut to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raifmgand Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty’s Navy:

An Act for the better Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Filb, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof; and to protect and encourage Fishermen:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majftly-Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with Regard to the Making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude:

An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for the Relief of the Vali'als of the several Estates, which are or may be annexed to the Crown by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for carrying the Pur-, pofesof the said Act more effectually into execution; and for enforcing, ami carrying into execution, lo much of an Act passed in the l'irft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Paying and Discharging the Wadfetts affecting the Estate of:

An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County o to the

Town of Leek, in the Comity of; and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufa/on Common, to Cong/eton, in the County of Chester;and also the Road leading from Blyth

Marfa, in the County of Staffordthrough Cheadlc, Oalc-

amoor, and Blorc, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby:

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and shorten-ing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Far-rad’s Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through and Melksham, to Human's Stile, in the Parish of Lay-cock, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Beruhampfe Saint Peter’s, and

Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Petfipher’s Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southamp-

ton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way, in the County of Wills:

An Act for altering, widening, and amending the

Road

Doncafltr

to

Salter’s

Brook

Boa-.

Rovil A fcgt to Bils.

% Geo. III. 8° Apritis. 299

Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch and other said Harbour: t'nt

Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from An Act for dividing and incfofing the Open and b;hs.

Worthy Coto Down aforesaid, through Wherroell, to the Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within Southampton: the Hamlet and Lilierties of in the Iown-

An Act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of r.n Art made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by Two Arts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from to Woodfgateand Tunbridge Wellsand from

gate to Kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurjl Pound, and Pullen's , in the said

County; and to Flimivell Vent, in the County of Sussex; as relates to the Amending, Repairing, and Keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's and

Flimwell Vent aforesaid:

An Act to amend an Art made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and; and for amending and widening the Road between Gate, in

the County of to Wool/bridge; and from

thence to the Great Weliern Road, between a. Place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore:

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of WhiteJheet to a Place called the Hare Warren ;and from thence to the Index Poll,

Handing near the Bland fordTurnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill; and also for repairing and widening the Road from the said Index Poll to a House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts: An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Poll on Hafeldens Wood, in the Parity of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Street, in the same Parish, to Cajlledeu's Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Pa-riili of Benenden; all in the County of Kent:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Hoads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge, in the County of An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Art made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook, in the County of Lancaster; and for the Extending and Improving the said Navigation: An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places, in the Parish of,

within the Liberty of Westminster; and for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish An Act for buildingTwo new Churches, and providing Burial Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for the better preferring the Pavements of the Streets in the said Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town:

An Act for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Art palfed in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part ofa Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, ami for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported, into, and out of, the Vol. 29.

ship and Parish of St rett on upon in the Coun-

ty of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, called Middlmood Moor, or Ujhavo Moor, within tl;e Manor of Lar.chester, in the county of 'Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the whole Year Lands, and Pallure Grounds, Common Fields, Half Year Inciofirres, Shack Meadows, and Commons, in the Parish of Suettisham, in the County of Norfolk Ati Art for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields in the Parish of Hungerton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields of Thurmafon, in the Parillies of Belgrave and

in the County of leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in dine, in the County of Rutland

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, heretofore given in Trull for the Benefit of the poor Inhabitants of the Parish of in

the County of Bedford, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and his Heirs; and for establishing a Letter Fund in lieu thereof:

An Act for discharging the Ellate of Frederick count Bulingbroke, in the County of Surrey, from the Uses and Limitations of a former Settlement; and for settling Lauds and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in lieu thereof, to the fume Uses:

An Act to enable Patrick Blake Esquire, a Minor, to make a Settlement on Annabella Bunbury Spinfier, and the Iiiue of their intended Marriage; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Saie of Part of the Estates entailed by the W ill of Edward Mcllish Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting a Rent Charge in Fee Simple, in Trullees, for the Benefit of certain poor Families described in the \\ ill of John Stylemadeceased, in lieu ofa Moiety of certain Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the same Will for the Benefit of the said poor Families; and for vesting the said Moiety in Fee Simple in John Boyd Esquire, and his Heirs:

An Act for felling Part of the Estates of William Mason Esquire, deviled to him by the Will’of William Majbn Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in iieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; and for exchanging other

Part of the said Estates of the said William Majon, so devised, for other Lands and Tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will:

An Act for vesting all the real and personal Estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan Widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, Wife of/George Mackenzie Esquire, her Niece, Heir at Law, and only next of Kin, discharged from all Right, Claims, and Interest of the Matter and Fellows of Gonvile and Caius College, in the University of Cambridge:

An Art lor the Sale of the Ellate of Thomas Waite, an Infant, for discharging Incumbrances alfeciitig the fame; and for applying the Surplus Money arising thereby for the Benefit of the said Infant:

An Act for Naturalizing Diederick Wejfel Linden.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Remainder of the in- Doocafler grofied Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an _ 10 Art made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Ma- £rouk* jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from

Doncaster,

300 8° Aprilis. 1762.

Doncafer, through the Parish of Penifion, in the County for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was com-

of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; and in it ted;

also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of Ordered, That the said Order be poftpor.od.

York, to Hartdiffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penijton;

and for making the said Act more effectual; so far as the The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Rnlierlwm same relates to the said Road between Doncajlerand Sal-into Consideration the Report which was made from the hicMare.

ter's Brook. Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and divid-

The House was moved, That Part of an Act made ing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the 30th Year of the Reign of hi# late Majesty King in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York,

George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more was committed;

effectual the several Taws now in being, for the Amend- , That the said Order be poftpotied.

ment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turn- (

pike Roads of this Kingdom, might be read. A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Costair.

And the same being read accordingly; ham, in the County of to the City of Cat/-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title was read a Second Time. Road!":

be, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ed- \

Act made in the 14 th Year of the Reign of his late M a- ward Turner, Mr. Thomas Town/haul junior, Lord jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller,

Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County Sir Charles Mr. Fitzh Mr.

of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester; Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Haller, l ord John '

and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of M r. Butler, M r. / M r. Bo got. Lord

York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penijon ;fcrton, Mr. MMr. Parker, Mr. Chap-

and for making the said Act more effectual; so far as the lin, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Mr. Jeniin/on,

fame relates to the said Road between Doncaster and Mr. Burt, Mr. Knight; and all the Members who serve Salter's Brook. for the Counties ot SuJ/e.r, Southampton, Kent, and

Ordered, That Sir George Armilagedo carry the Bill; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

1 Chamber.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, atthellifing of the

House, this Day, adjourn till Twr/t/gy Sevcnnight, the Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

20th Day of this instant April. Revival.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Loid Foreign The House, according to Order, proceeded to take for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement Winterton’i Protestanti jntofurtlierConsideration the Amendments made by the of Edzcard Lord in the Kingdom of Ml ri, se

America. ^'or^s to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing by impowering him to tell Part of the Estates in the t>ttUemalt‘ such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, Counties of and Norfolk, therein com-

for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers prised, and for laying out the Monies arising by such in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Sale in the Purcliale of other Estates, of equal or greater Engineers in America. Value, to he settled to the Ul'es of the said Marriage

And the said Amendments being severally read a Se- Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, eond Time, were, upon the Question severally put was read the First Time.

thereupon, disagreed to by the House. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. J

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to lie offered to the Lords at a Conference, for An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jcmfon’i Uifagreeing to the Amendments made by their Lord- for veiling the settled Eliate, late of Ralph Jenifon, ships. Esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth, in the County of

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary Durham, in Trailers, in Trull,- to be conveyed to John at M ar, Mr. Thomas Tou njhend junior, Mr. ForreJ/er, Dixon Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Deere*

Mr. IFedderburn, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir and l'ubsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at John Turner, Mr. James Harris, Colonel Rarre, Mr. ham, was read the First Time.

Rigby, Lord George Lenox, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Olmius, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Brand, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Rest, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whately, Mr. Fuller, Mr. A Bril for importing Salt from Europe into the Co- importing

Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Doicdejivcll, Mr. Fitzher- lony of Nova Scotia, in America, was read a Second Salt into bert, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mr. Wynne, Mr. Nor- Time. NwaSc«t»

they, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Archer, Lord Barrington, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Burrell, Admiral Coles, Mr. Touchet, Lord George Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Sackville, Mr. Onslow, General Townshend, Mr. Gore, of the whole House.

General Howard: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. night, the 20th Day of this instant resolve itself

into a Committee of the wdiole House, upon the said Deeping The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Bill.

Stone Bridge Confide rati oil the Report which was made from the

Road. Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dicker’* ing the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridgeto Peter's for veiling Two Acres of Land, in Walton upon Thames,

Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln -, and from in Trullees, to be sold and conveyed to the Executors thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the of Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of Mary Del-

County of Rutland; was committed; ver, an Infant., was read the First Time.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Skrine’s The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Htfaq

Estate. Consideration the Report which was made from the the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes,

Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Estates, Towns, Townships, and Milages, of Gray/lock, Jolmby, w '1

in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Billingsgate, London, late Blencowe, and in

- the Estate of William Claphum, Gentleman, in Trullees, the County of whole Names are subscribed,

*9 on

2 Geo. III.

8° Aprilts. 301

on behalf of themselves, and others, using the Roads from Penrith towards GrayjJolmby, and;

and from Keswick, towards Wigton, Ireby, and was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Captain John Robinson being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petition; and that, if a Toll Gate should be created near the Cattle oi Penrith, between that Town and the Place where the Road leading from Penrith, by Stainton, to and the

Road leading from Penrith to , Jolmby, and

Blencow, separate; and another Toll Gate erected near the Well End of Kejivickbetween the said Town and a

certain Place, where the Road over to Cocker-

mouth separates from that which leads through

thwai/cto the Market Towns of Ireby and and the City of Carlisle; the greatest Part of the Tolls collected at those Gates would be paid by Persons who would have no Benefit from the Roads to be repaired by the said Tolls, who would not travel above 20 Yards on the said Roads:

But that, if Provision were made in the said Bill for applying’a Part of the Tolls, to be collected at the said Two Gates, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Penrith, towards the Villages of Graystock, Jolmby, and Blencow; and that Part of the Road leading from Kef-wick to Ireby, Carlisle, and JViglon, so far as the Parish of Croflkwaite extends, (which Roads are at present in a ruinous Condition, and very narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law) it would obviate the Objection as to the Inequality of the Toll, would render theproposed Scheme of repairing the Roads more complete, and be of great Advantage to the Public.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hesket, by Yewe's Bridge, to Cocker-mouth-, and from thence, by Lorton, over , to

Keswick, in the County of Cumberlanand from Kef-zoick, by DummailRays and Amblejide, to in Ken-

dall, in the County of JV; and from Plumb-gat th's Cross, nea r Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to t he Lake

called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland-, and from Kejiidckaforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland-,is committed; That they have

Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Penrith towards the Villages of Gray/'tock, Jolmby, and Blencowe-, and also the Road from Keswick to Ireby, Carlisle, and JViglon, so far as the Parish of Crofthwaite extends.

Whitehaven The House was moved. That the Petition of the Harbour, Trustees for repairing the Harbour of in

the County of Cumberland-, and the Merchants, Matters,

and Owners of Ships, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, living in and near the said Town of Whitehaven-, and of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an ACtmade in the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven-, and also of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act made in the 23d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont, to Dudden Bridge, and Salthouse, in

the County of Cumberland-, which was presented to the House Upon Saturday the 13th Day of last, and

Vol. 29.

then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition, except such Part thereof as relates to the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, as therein mentioned, be referred to the C011-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine so much of the Matter of the said Petition as is referred to them; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it. is referred to Mr . Jenkinson, Mr. Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Ponton, Lord Garlics, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. A 'ynaj'tcu, Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Smith, Sir Jl illiam Baker, Mr. Montagu, Lord Parker,

Mr. llolt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burt, Sir Robert

Mr. Parker, Lord Clive, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. DowdeJwell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bai-

ler, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Bayntnn, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Hezoett, Sir Ke-

mys Tynte, Mr. Harris, Sir John Turner, Mr. Robinson,

Lord Verney, Mr. Rankes, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ton

Jliend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas,

Air. Whitworth, Lord John CavendMr. Air. Gore, Mr. Wldelicate, Mr. Limcood, Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Wynne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, WeflmoYork, Durham, and Northumberland; and for And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, fortak- Deep:»? stone ing into Consideration the Report which was made from ®r^e the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to

Peter's Gate, i n Stanford, in the County of Lincoln; and front thence to the South End of the Town of Marco f, in the County of Rutland, was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report, was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for tak- skrine’* ing into Consideration the Report which was made front Efhie. the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Estates, in the Parish of Saint Bofolph, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of William Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read; Rotherham

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ludofurf Report which was made from the Committee, to whom Bill-the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields,

Aloors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

4 G upon

30a

8° — ao°

A. 17 6z.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; the House. and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he grossed. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sudbury

to

Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to whom the

_ Bill for repairing and widening the High Road leading St. Edmunds ^rom North End of Bridge, in Sudbury,

Road. in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County, was re-committed, That the Committee had made fereral other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Flimwell,

&c.

Road.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, through in

the County of Kent, and the Parities of Sandhurjt, New-enden, and Northiam, to llye, in the said County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid to Corner, in

the said County of Suffer, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent;was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this instant April, Nino of the Clock in the Morning.

A Petition of Amos Wenman, Leffoe, and Occupier of Two I loufes, but which have lately been converted into One House, on the North Side of Threadueedlc Street, from the Bank of England, Eastward, to

lomew Lane, and next to the said Lane, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act made in the 3 $d of his late Majesty; for widening certain Streets, Limes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets and Passages within the said City and Liberties; and Alleging, That the Petitioner apprehends that the said House is, by the said Bill, intended to be pulled down; and that the Petitioner is pofl’cfled of a Lease thereof, for a Term of about Thirteen Years to come; and hath laid out considerable Sums of Money in repairing, improving, and making Conveniences in the fame, for the better enabling him to carry on his Trade therein, the chief Part of which entirely depends upon the Situation of his said House; and that he apprehends it is not necessary to include in the said Bill the Petitioner’s said House, to answer any of the Purposes in the said Bill mentioned: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may he heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as affects the Petitioner or his Property; and that he may have such further and other Belief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be beard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Doerner, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

City of London Street!

Doerner'i

flat.

M

A

' Mi

Mart is, 20° die rfprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

Sudbury

b" X\ High Road leading from the North End of Bal-St. Edmunds lingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to

Road. the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said Coun-

ty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Bridge, in

Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Buiy Saint Edmunds, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Holt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Richard.’

Name.

Sir George Montgomery Metham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Richards and Edward Richards, Infants, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Anns, of Poivell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the 18

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cdo make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " for " continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of "verpool, and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making au additional Dock, and building a Pier in the " open Harbour there, and for enlightening the said " Dock;" and for erecting or proper

Lights, within the said Port; and for the and Improvement of the Navigation and of the

River Mersey, within the said Port and Harbour of -

verpool; was committed.

Sir Ellis Cunliffe accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Liverpool

Harbour.’

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for

Jeni foil's Mace.

a G*o. III. 2 o° Jprilis.

303

for veiling the settled Estate, late of Ralph Jenifon Ef-

2uire, deceased, at Great Walworth, in the County of htrham, in Trustees, in Trull, to be conveyed to John Dixon Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree, and subsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Upton, Sir Lionel PilkMr. Ridley, Mr

land , Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. ffewett, Mr. Grant, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. hanl, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Major, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. 6'ha/to, Sir George Mr. Pennant, Mr.

kinson, Mr. Penton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hyde, Sir Cunliffe, Mr, Town field, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr.

son, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdejicell, Mr.

Montagu, Sir William Baker, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Wedder-burn, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Webb, Mr Mr. Glover,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Serjeant , Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Howard, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Witham A Petition of Samuel Reynardson Esquire, of ®raioa2e- well, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of himself and many other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of certain Messuages and Lands, lying within the Parishes of Swineshead, Wigloft, Sutterton, Kirkton, Algarkirk, FoJ-dike, Frampton, Wiberton, Skirbeck Quarter,

West, and Brotherloft, and as such intitled to an exclusive Right of Common in the Haute Hundred Fen, in the same County, improperly called Holland Fen, in the Bill thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Owner \ and Proprietor of certain Messuages and Lands within the said Parish of Szoine/head, called Swineshead Abby, and the Holt Hills, and other Lands; and alleging, That

the Petitioner but very lately had Notice of the Bill depending for draining and preferring certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincolns and for relioring and maintaining the Navigation of the River from Mere, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; and representing to the House the Manner in which the Petitioner has been applied to for his Consent to the Palling of the said Bill, as altered from the original Proposals; and further alleging, That, upon Inspection of the said Bill, the Petitioner finds the Alterations made therein are, in many Instances, materially different from the said Proposals, and were, as he apprehends, made on the Advice and Opinion of a few LandOwners assembled in without consulting

or advising with the Petitioner, and many other Land Owners; and reciting several other Parts of the said Bill, which the Petitioner fears will prove highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of him and others: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City" of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read, also taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, That there was an ancient Navigation from the River Trent, through a River, or Cut, called the Fofs Dyke-, and through the City" of Lincoln, down the said River Witham, to the said Borough of Bq/lon; but the said Rivers being silted up, and the Navigation being almoll totally dellroyed, the Corporation of Lincoln were, by Vbj» *9.

an AD made in the ud and 23d Years of King Charles

f the Second, impowered to restore the lame, or any i Part thereof, on certain Conditions; that the said Corporation did immediately undertake the fame, and expended great Sums therein; but not being able to make it perfect, the said City, several Years since, granted a Lease of the said Navigation to Mr. Richard W'lio hath made the said Navigation convenient to the Advantage of the said City, and all the neighbouring People and Country; and that at present there is a Navigation from the said City" to Boston, at some Sea Ions of the Year; and That the Petitioners have perused the said Bill, and considered it as maturely as the short Time which hath been allowed would permit, and apprehend that there are several Parts thereof which, if carried into a Law, may be of great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and may greatly endanger, if not totally deltrov, the Navigation already" established: And therefore praying.That they may be heard, by’ themselves or their Counsel, agaiuli such Parts of the said Bill as may any ways alfe6t them.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition be referred to the C011-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heart!, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Com- Rotherham mon Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Inclosure. Township of Rotherham, in the County of York, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Town-11) ip of Rotherham, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agree- Dringhoe, ment for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Pastures, &c.

and Waste Grounds, in the Towndiips or Hamlets of Inclosure. Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough, in the Parish of in Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough, in the Parish of m

Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Perkins’ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eltaie. for veiling a Toft, or Scite, of a Copyhold House in Richmond, in the County’ of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trullees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins Gentleman, deceased, and for impowering John Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Ellate at Richmond and 1 uddington, as are therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fametobetrue; and that the Partiesconcernedhadgiveu their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dicker’* for veiling Two Acres of Land, in Wallop upon

Militia Pay and Clothing.

3°4

2o° Aprills.

in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to the Executors of Samuel Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of Man/ Delver, an Infant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Parker, Sir George Savile, Mr. Duller, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir George

Armitage, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Lord

Oru'ell, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Air.

Mr. Webb, Mr. Plumptre, Lord I Air. Norris, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Holt, Sir F Air.

Jhend, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, Wilts, Kent, Efex, and

Middlesex; for the City of; and the County of

Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Air. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money granted by an Act 31 Georgii II. towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1738; and for defraying fuel) Expences as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia, in the Year 1757; how much thereof hath been ifVued, and how much remained-in' the Exchequer, undisposed of, on the 5th ok April 1702; and also Accounts of the Monies remaining unifiued at the Exchequer on the said 5th of April 1762, which were granted by an Act 33 Geo. 2, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the a -1IV Day of March 1761; and of the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the imcmbodied Militia, for the Year (aided the 25th Day ok March 1762.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followed);

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Btirgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money granted by an Act 31* Georgii zAl, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1758; and for defraying such Expences as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia, in the Year 1757; how much thereof hath been issued, and how much remained in the Exchequer, undisposed of, on the 5 th' Day ok April 17 62; and also, Accounts of the Monies remaining unilTued at the Exchequer on the said 5th Day of April 1762, which were granted by an Act 330 Georgii towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the 25th Day of March 1761; and of the Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the 25th Day of March 1762.

I- d.

By an Act 31* Georgii ziX, there was granted, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1758, and for defraying such Expences as woe actually

incurred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year 1757 - - 100,000-----

Whereout hath been issued and applied, towards the Service of the Year 1759, pursuant to a Clause in an Act ^z* Georgii- -.....- - 80,000-----

Remains in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1762 - 20,000-----

By an Act 33° Georgii zil, there was granted, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing for the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the 25th of March 1761, and which remained unilTued at the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1762 ..... 80,000-----

By an Act 1° Georgii 3'" was granted, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the 25th Day of March 1702, and which remained unilTued at the Exchequer on the 5th of April 17C2 ----- 70,000-----

Exchequer, the 20th 170,000-----

Day of April 1762. rr=.

Edward Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

PapifU* ' A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolments of Wills and Deeds and Wills made by Papistsj and for Relief of Deeds. Protestant Purchasersj was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon iftg netft,' fefoi\'6 itself into a’ Committee of the whole* House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for keeping distinct and regular Accounts of the Poor, under a certain Age, ‘

rifiies within the Bills of Mortality, was read the Third . ! Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made / to the Bill; viz. I

Pr. 8. I. 6.After "Company" to insert "Personoc j Persons."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quellioa put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bid was amended at the Table accordingly. j

Resolved, I

j

Stanley

Brook

ktlosure.

Forfeited

Estates

in

Scotkod.

Importing Salt into Nova Scotia.

Arrest of a Member*

i Geo. III. ao* — 21"

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the keeping regulav, uniform, and annual Registers, of all Parish poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Manor of Shenley Brook in the Parish of

Shenley, in the County of Bucks-,without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

: The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Treasurv, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees of the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the 25th Year " of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before both I loufes of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do He upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia, in

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War informed the House, That he was commanded by the King to acquaint the House, that Lieutenant Colonel Dodd, a Member of this House, having been charged by One of the Officers of his Battalion with improper and injurious B. haviour towards the said Officer, in Breach of the Articles of War, has been put in Arrest byHis Majesty’sCommand, in order to his being tried by a Court Martial.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, returning him the Thanks of this House for His gracious Meffiige of this Day, and for His tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, in the Communication which lie has been pleased to make to this House, of the Reason for putting Lieutenant Colonel Dodd in Arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol.

Jprilis. 305

Mercurii, 2i° die Apr tits)

Anno 2" Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Estates in the Skrin* Parish of Saint Botolph, Billingsgate, London, late Altaic*,

the Estate of William Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Billingsgate, London, late the Estate of William Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road FUmwell, from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, through &c. Highgale, in the County of Kent5 and the Parishes of Sandhurji, Nervenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said

County of Suffer-, and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Suffer; and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Suffer, through Highgate, in the County of Kent-, and the Parishes of hnrjl, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Suffer-, and from Highgate aforesaid, to

Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Suffer-, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom RUj<,irt* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ettsuc. discharging divers Lands, Estates, and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Thomas Ruggles, Esquire, deceased, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Deeping Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, Stone in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and from thence to the South End of the Town of in the County of Rutland; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Richard* to enable William Richards, and Edward In- Name,

flints, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger

Powell, Esquire, deceased; wvas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

4 H Ordered,

30 6

2i° Aprilis.

A. 1762.

Sedbergh,

&c.

Road.

Favcrfliam,

5rc«

Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Union reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, adjoining the Highway leading fiorn the Four Lane Ends, in in the Parish

of Sedlnrgh, and County of York, and Places adjacent,

to the Turnpike Road on GrayHause, leading from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of

to Kirby Kendal, in the said County, ou the Behalf of themselves and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Wadefon, being examined, said, That he knows

the Road described in the Petition very well; that the same is extremely narrow all the Way, inso much that a Cart, with a single Horse, cannot pass along it; and that it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Being asked. Whether a Gate set on that Road would produce Tolls fulBcient to repair it ? He said. He rather thought it would not; and he did not know whether any Person would advance Money on the Credit thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-coramitted.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from the High Post Road, near the Town of Facer/ham, by Bacon's Water, through A/hfvrd, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent; and from Bacon's

Water to the City of Canterbury; was read the Third Time.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Dymoke and John Disney, Esquires, Witham Freeholders and Owners of Lands, lying on the Sides Drainage* of, or near the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham,

in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Bradford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea: And alleging. That the Petitionees apprehend, should such Bill pass into a Lawr, the same will be greatly prejudicial to them and many others,

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying on, or near the River Witham: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may he heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Clauses in the same Bill, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, or otherways relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Fanners, and other Inhabitants of the City of Lincoln, And the County the same City, and of the Bail and Cloi'e of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, iu pursuance of

Ditto.

Resolved, That ihe Bill do pass: And that the Title an Act heretofore made, there has for many Years been, be, An Act for amending and widening the Road lead- and now' is, a good and convenient Navigation, at all ing from the High Post Road, near the Town of Faver- Times in the Year, between the River Trent, in the sham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town County of Lincoln, and the City of Lincoln, which has and Port of Hythe, in the County’ of Kent; and from been found to be of great public Utility; and also taking

Bacon's Water to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Wiucheap, near the City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That Sir Wyndham Wyndham do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice of the said Bill, and alleging, that, should the same pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend there will not be a sufficient Supply of Water to navigate Vessel* between the said River and the City of Lincoln, whereby the Navigation, between said City and the several Towns and Places in the Petition meu-

Prrkinj’

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tioned, will be destroyed: And therefore praying. That

_ A _.. A LT^../*-. .* f lm foirl Rif? (s\ for «ic* if mot; f Iio V n it 1 rro linn o »irl

for vesting a loft, or Scite, of a Copyhold House in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in Trustees, to be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of the Persons claiming under the Will of Matthias Perkins, Gentleman, deceased, and for im-

po we ring John Perkins, his Son, to make such I^eases of his Ellate at Richmond and as are therein

mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Stourbridge, Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to w hom &c- , the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the Hayes and Cradhy, over Heath, and by xcay Green, to the Two Mile Stump Toll Gate; and from the lye to Pcdmore; and from the Lye to Holly Hall; and from Causeway Green to a Place called Cock-Hone, at the End of Hall Street, in the Towrn of Dudley, in the County of IForcester; and from Colly Gate, in Cradley aforesaid, to Halefoicen, in the County of Salop-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Road.

the said Bill, so far as it may act’eft the Navigation and Drainage between the said River Trent and Canwick Jngs, being the Eastward Limits of the said City, way not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Considerotion of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be severally heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instr to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

mi

l

to

i?*

Pa:

fid

Bft

c

to

Hr.

lit;

Ml

k

to

c

The House being informed that Mr. Davison, from the Office of the Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what has been done, in pursuance of the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

widening

Widening the Streets of Lmdon.

5 to

*£c

Hi

fir

hu

Hi

f iff

.1

r

to

.1

H

2 Geo. III.

2i° Apr ills. 307

widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for open-

ing certain new Streets, and Ways, within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

City of A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other

£0D<’0!1 Parishioners, of t he Parish of Mary in

nects' the City of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish has been, by the Building of the Mansion House of the Mayor of the City of London, already deprived of Twenty-one Houses, which were pulled down in order to widen the Streets, and give Air, and other Accommodation, to the Mantion House; and that, by Means thereof, Twenty-one Inhabitants, subject to pay parochial Taxes, and serve Offices within the said Parish, were utterly expelled the said Parish, out of Fifty-six, the former Number inhabiting the rein, to the great Detriment and Loss of the said Parish and Inhabitants thereof; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in for enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by an Act, made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets, and Ways, within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for extending the same to certain other Streets, and Passages, within the said City, and Liberties thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pass into a I aw. Nine more Houses in the said Parish will be pulled down, to make the Opening intended by the said Bill; and that, in Confluence thereof, the said Parish will be deprived of several of their principal Inhabitants; and the Parish Taxes, and Oflices, will become much more burthensome: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as concern the said Parish and Parishioners thereof; and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-lHves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Farour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Westminster Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Streets. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wcjtmirjlev, the Parishes of le Bone, St. Giles in the Fiel George the Martyr,

George Bloom (bum; that Part of the Parish of

Ilolbourn, which lies in the county of ; the several Liberties of the Bulls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which lies in the County

dlesex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was rear!.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Yql. 29.

paid Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to ho added to the Bill, relating to the Application of Forfeitures.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Floufe to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments w ere made, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to rot;en an

the Lords at aConference, for disagreeing to the Amend- America* ments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America, That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the first Amendment made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing such foreign " Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the " Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in " His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America," which is in Press 2, Line 33, to leave out the " Royal American Regiment," and, instead thereof, to insert " His Majesty’s Armies;" the Commons disagree; First, Because it is by no Means correspondent with the Design of the Bill, which was intended to gran t the Benefit of Naturalization to those Foreigners only who having been enabled, by the Act of the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, to serve under certain Restrictions in one particular Regiment, or as Engineers, in America, should have since served for Two Years, according to the Terms of the said Act, to which Purpose alone the whole Frame of the Bill is adapted;. whereas the Amendment, made by your Lordships, would establish military Service in general as a Handing and ordinary Mode of Naturalization; aProvision which the Commons cannot but look upon as far too extensive and important to be introduced, Liy way of Amendment, to a Bill of so limited an Extent as the present.

Secondly, Because if the Establishment of such a Method of Naturalization could, with any Propriety, be inserted in this Bill; yet, for want of such a Provision, for enabling the Crown to grant Commissions to the Persons who are the Subject of the Amendment, as was made by the Act of the 29th Year oP his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to those who are the Subject of the Bill, the Amendment proposed must be ineffectual; unless indeed it could be understood to convey indirectly, and by Implication, to Foreigners at large, a Capacity of holding military Commissions: Which, we fully persuade ours elves, your Lordships would be as unwilling to propose as the Commons themselves to admit.

To the second Ainendment made by your Lordships, which is in the Title of the Bill, to leave out " Royal American Regiment," and insert " Annies," the Commons disagree; because it intirely ^depends upon the former Amendment.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That aConference be desired with the Lords,

upon

4i° Aprilis. A. 1764.

upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Westminster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of in the room of the

Honourable Edward Cornwallis Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Governor of Gibraltar.

Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby be added to the iaid Committee.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the-Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Secretary at War reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Answer to

Addrrfs.

Lord George Cavendijk reported to the House, That The other Orders of the Day being read; their Address of Yesterday, (returning His Majesty the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Thanks of this House for His gracious Mefl’age, and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for His tender Regard to the Privileges of this House, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His in the Communication which He hath been pleased to Majesty. make to this lloule, of the Reason for putting Lieute-

S apply.

Preservation

of

D'-'ves and PMgeons.

Importing Salt into Mora Scotia.

nant Colonel Dodd in Arreli) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

An ingrafted Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made again!! ffiooting in Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasantsand Partridges; ami against the Destroy-ing of Hares with Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons; by making the Manner of convicting fuel) Perloii or Persons, as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Mining of former Statutes made against ffiooting in Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Phea-fants and Partridges; and against the Destroying of Hares wnu Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons; by making the Manner of conviding such Person or Persons, as shall offend therein, more easy and experl itious.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for importing Salt from Europe, into the Colony of Nova Scotia, in America, was committed. The Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; the Parishes of Saint Mary Bone, Saint Giles

in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the county of ; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy o f Lancajterwhich lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was committed; at Four of the Clock this Afternoon; being read;

The House refmned the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauft s, for providing Wharfs and Layftalls for the better Execution of the Purposes of the said Bill.

Way* and Means.

Wefhninflet

Streets.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infill upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers

Foreign Prof eftanO in

America. I

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with ingrafted.

or as Engineers in America. the Amendment, be And then the Messengers withdrew.

Foreign

Protelb'nts

in

America.

The Marquis of Granby reported to the House, That (he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America) the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a 17

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

2 Geo. III.

Jovity 22° die Aftrtiis 'y

Anno. 2* Georgii in'11 Regis, 1762,

Prayers.

APetitioD of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-roen, Maniifafturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of , in the West

Biding of the County of York? whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themi'elves and others: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves.and others: And aHo

A Petition, of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Mimufaftiirers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of tlx? County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves. and others: And aHo

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, under their Common Seal thereto affixed; and of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed; On Behalf of them l'elves and others: And also

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kin a/Ion upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And

also

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, ia Common Council assembled: And also A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-ne», Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of , wltofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And also

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theaifelv.es and others.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of an Act heretofore made, there has for many Years been, and now is, an useful and convenient Navigation, at all Times in the Year, between the City and the River Trent, in the County of Lincoln; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given for bringing in a Bill for restoring the Out-fall and the Navigation of the River Wilhum, between the said City

coln and the Borough of Bc/lonin the said County,

and for draining and preserving the Low Lands adjoining to that River; anti that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Navigation of the said River is attempted to he restored, in such Manner as in the said intended Bill is proposed, it will greatly prejudice the Navigation from the said City to the River Trent, if not intirely destroy the same: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, so far as the same may affect the Navigation between the said City of Lincoln and the River Trent, may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, tu whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River William, in the County of Lincoln-, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Brajjford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Tradesmen of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby, was also pre-Vol. 29.

a 2° Apr His. 309

fented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the said Hill will be of great Advantage, not only to the Trade of that Place, but to that of all others having Communication, by Means of Inland. Navigation, with the River Trent; and also of extending the same to the Counties and Places lying upon or near the several great Rivers which come down to the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk: And therefore praying* That the said Bill may pafa into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradtef-men, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also- pre>-fented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend that, if the said Bill should pafa into a Law, there will not bea sufficient Supply of Water to navigate Vessels between the said River Trent and the City of Lincoln: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, so far as it may eflfeft the Navigation between the said River Trent and the City of Lincoln aforesaid, may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Richard Ellison, of Thorn, in the County of York, Merchant, was also presented to the House, and read; Reciting the Manner in which the Petitioner is become possessed of the Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed in the 22d and 23d Years of King Charles the Second, to be ma<le between the River Trent and the High Bridge, in tie City of; and

alleging, that, by Means of the great Sums of Money laid out by the Petitioner and his Father, and their great Care of and Attention to the said Navigation, the same is now become of great Benefit and Advantage; and also taking Notice of the said Bill; and that it is proposed thereby, to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the said River and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law in the Manner proposed, the same will not only deprive the Petitioner of that Part of the said River William which is comprized in his said Navigation, but will also greatly prejudice, if not entirely destroy, the whole of the said Navigation from the River Trent to the said City of Lincoln: And therefore praying, That, before the said Bill palfes into a Law, the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Aji ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dUcharging divers Lauds, Estates, and Hereditaments, devifad by the Will of Thomas Buggies Efogire, deceased, from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will; and for settling other Lands and Tenements of greater Value, in lieu thereof tq the like Cfes.; was read the Third Time.

41 Resolvecdy

Withain

Draipage

Ditto.

Ditto.

l

to.

Ditto*

rv-

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

bitto.

Ditto.

Wiftam

Drainage.

Ditto

Ruggle*

Road.

310

220 Apr

A. 1762,

Cleobury

Mortimer*

&c.

Roads*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. That the Committee had examined the Matter of such

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Part of the said Petition as was referred to them; and Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed^ Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mortimer, to Morvill; and from the Cross to Cleobury

them, to the House; and he read the Report in His Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Part of the said

North and Prior's Ditton, and to the Liberties of Bridg- Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners prod need to your

north, in the County of Salop; and from CleoburyMor- Committee an Act of the 7 th Year of her late Majesty

timer, to the Ludlow Turnpike Road, in the Road to 9ulen Anne' wher, el>y 11 appeared, that certain Duties

Avenue

to

London

Bridge.

Tenbury, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, relating to the Meetings and Adjournments of the Trustees.

And the said (Jlause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 36. After " aforesaid," to insert " or on the Road from Glaze ley, through Oldbury, to Bridgnorth."

Pr. 19. 1.' 20. To leave out from " aforesaid," to " the," in Line 21, and insert " and on the next Day the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at."

Pr. 20; 1. 1. To leave out from " Act," to" and, " in 1. 19.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, to the Cross HouJ'es, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on

Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue to London Bridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Cou-sideration Tomorrow Morning.

Whitehaven

Harbour,

&c.

Mr. Jenkinfonreported from the Committee, to whom

Part of the Petition of the Trustees for repairing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and the Merchants, Mailers, and Owners of Ships, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, living in and near the said Town of Whitehaven, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 13th Year of his late Majesty King

in Perpetuity, and certain Temporary Duties, were granted for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, upon Coals and other Goods, and upon Shipping; which Temporary Duties were further continued by an Act of the 10th Year of her said Majesty’s Reign.

And likewisean Act of the 13th Year of the Reign of king George the Second, whereby the said Dut ies are further continued, from the 10th of April 1740, for tho Term of 21 Years; and a Moiety of the said Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Vessels, are to continue for ever, to be applied for the Preservation of the said Harbour of Whitehaven-, and Powers were given in the said Act to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Duties thereby granted, to be applied as directed by the said Act.

And also an Act of the ift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby the said Temporary Harbour Duties were further continued for 21 Years, from the 10th of April 1761; as also the several Clauses, Powers, and Authorities thereby given: Then,

Captain John ltolwjbn produced toyour Commitfeea Plan of the present Harbour, which contains the Works already done, and those proposed to be further added, in Consequence of the present Application to Parliament, whereby it appeared. That the Trustees have made very considerable Improvements to the said Harbour, in Consequence of the Act of the 13th of his late Majesty, by adding several Works to the said Harbour, and'by ereciing several new, large, anti extensive Moles; in order to perform which, they had expended upwards of £.26,000, and had borrowed the Sum of £ 5,985, whereoi £. 2,970 still remained unpaid, as appeared by the Accounts signed by the Treasurer of the said Harbour, and produced by the Witness to your Committee.

Then the Witness proceeded to explain to your Committee the Nature and Conveniency of the Extension of the said Harbour, and of the new Works proposed to be erected in Consequence thereof; and said, That if the said Port and Harbour was extended, and a new Mole erected on the North East Side thereof, and the old Moles further extended and enlarged, it would prevent the Roughness of the Sea caused by a N. W. W ind, which renders the said Harbour dangerous and incommodious, to the great Detriment of Shipping, and Loss of the Petitioners; and it would likewise facilitate the Pafl’ageof Ships into a Place of Safety; but that it will be impossible to make the proposed Additions and improvements, which are estimated at £.25,000, or thereabouts, without a further Continuation of the said Harbour Duties:

That if the said additional Works were made, and the Limits of the said Port and Harbour enlarged, it

George the Second, for making more efi'eftualTwo Acts . would admit Vessels of much greater Burthen, be a fur-

of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and also of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 23d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and

ther Security to the Navigation of those Seas, and be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to Trade in general:

That the Trade of the said Town, and the Burthen of Ships employed, is greatly increased of late Years, and that they now carry on aconsiderable Trade to and from North America, Africa, the West Indies, and Ireland: That the Duties and Powers granted by the said Acts

.. , . , . of the 7th ami 10th of Queen Anne, and continued by

Salthouse, in the County of Cumberland-, was referred; the 13th of his late Majesty, and the tftof His present

2Z Majesty,

1 i

ia

1

1

1

i Geo. III. 'll*Aprilis-

Majesty, in relation to the said Harbour, have, in many Inllances, been found insufficient and defective, porticu-larly in relation to the Power of making By- laws, and in several other Particulars, the said Powers require to be increased, altered, and enlarged.

Then the said Act of the 7th of Queen Anne being again read, it appeared, That several Duties were granted thereby, upon Several Goods in the said Act particularly enumerated; but that no mention was therein made of Battery, Rice, or Deer Skins, by which means the said several Goods are subjected to pay the Duty ad.

valorem, which amounts to so large a Sum as to tend al-moll to a Prohibition; and that it will be necessary to lay a small Duty on those several Species of Goods: That there is a small Rivulet called the Poe, which runs through the Market Place of the Town of Whitehaven into the said Harbour, which at present is very detrimental thereto; for, though all Persons are by the said Acts prohibited from throwing any Filth, Rubbish, or other Things, into the said Harbour yet they constantly do it into the said Rivulet, and it is washed down into the said Harbour, to the great Detriment thereof; and that, if the Trustees of the said Harbour were impowered to cover the said Rivulet, and to open, widen, deepen, or pen up the fame, it might be made very useful, in cleansing the said Harbour from Filth and Rubbish, which, in its present Situation, it contributes to bring into the same; and would likewise prevent several Accidents which frequently happen in its present State, and likewise prevent a public Nuisance:

That there is likewise another small Rivulet, called Branjy Beck, which at present runs jull without the intended Limits of the Harbour, and would be useful lor the fame Purpose; and it is of the utmost Consequence to keep the said Harbour clear from Rubbish, Ballad and other Obdruftions:

That the Town of Whitehaven is greatly increased, and at present very populous, and very ill supplied with fresh Water, the Water being generally biackilh; and there is no Method of supplying the Town with Water, but by a Reservoir, which may be supplied from eer* tain Springs, at about or 5 Miles Didance; that this would not only be a very great Convenience to the Inhabitants, for their daily Ufc, but would likew’ife be the Means of furnishing the Shipping with Water, who now have no other Way of being supplied, but by bringing the Water in Carts, in a very tedious and expensive Manner:

That, if Provision was made for enlightening (he said Town, it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and particularly to the Shipping in the Harbour, where Fires are not allowed for Fear of Accidents, and consequently the Sailors are put to great Inconveniences, when attending the Tides by Night, which would in a great measure be remedied, if Lamps were put up near the said Harbour; but that there is no Power vested in the Petitioners, nor any Fund for those Purposes:

That a Regulation of the Drivers of Carts and Carriages in the said Town would be very advantageous, and greatly contribute to the Preservation of the Lives and Limbs of His Majesty’s Subjects; for that it is a common Practice with the Carmen, as soon as they have delivered their Loading at the respective Warehouses, to drive as fall as possible down to the Harbour, which frequently occasions very melancholy Accidents.

Then your Committee proceeded to examine that Part of the Petition which relates to the Repairing the Roads therein mentioned; and that Part of the Act of the 13th of his late Majesty, being read;

Captain ffoft'w/e/iinformedyour Committee, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money; and that there still remains due, on the Credit of the Tolls,/. 575; and that the Roads are in a great measure repaired; but that it will be impossible effectually toamend the fame, and repay the Money owing, during the fubfilling Term.

You 29.

And by the said Act it appeared. That the Trustees are only impowered to widen the Roads w here they shall not be of the Breadth of 20 Feet; which, as the Witness informed your Committee, had by Experience been found too narrow, prticularly since the Use of Broad Wheel Waggons.

And by the said Act it also appeared. That the Trustees are only impowered to repair the Roads leading to Whitehaven, from Egrtover Bigrigg Moor,

to Sc a leg ill; and from St. Bees to Whitehaven; and.

from Bridgefoot, over Cliffon and Win/cales Moor, to

Distinglon, and to Whitehaven and from the at the East End of Harringtonover Harrington and . Dislington Moors, to Dislington: Then, Captain Robinson further said, That the Road leading out of the said Road from W, to Egremont, at Sera gill; and from thence, by Keekle, to a certain l'lace

called Weddikcr Rigg; and also the Roads leading out of the said Road, from Whitehaven to Dislington, near the present Turnpike Gate, to the South End of the Tow>n of Parton; and from the North End of the said Town of Parton, till it joins the present Turnpike Road at the Smith’s Shop, near Mbrrejby and also the Road which leads out of the said Road, from Whitehaven to Dislington. from and over Win/cales Moor, to a certain Place called HundayGale, leading to the Town of Work-

ington; are all of them in a very ruinous Condition, too narrow, and cannot be repaired and w idened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Country, if the same were repaired and w'idened; which the Petitioners, the Trustees, apprehend theylhall be able to do, by the Continuance of the Tolls and Powers granted by the said Act of the 13th of his late Majesty, without any Increase of the Tolls; and that the Persons who travel through the said Roads contribute largely towards the Payment of the Tolls, without receiving an adequate Advantage.

Then an Act passed in the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign lor repairing the Road leading from

mont to Dudden Bridge, Salton Bridge, and in

the County of Cumberland, was produced to your Committee, ami read: And,

Captain Robinson informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed by the said last mentioned Act had found it impracticable to repair that Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, which is at pro-fentverv ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.; and if that Part of the Act of the 23d of his late Majesty, which relates to the last mentioned Road, was repealed, and the Trustees under the Act of the 13th of his late Majesty w'ere impowered to repair the fame, they apprehend theyr could do it without any further Increase of Toll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more efl’eftual, and for enlarging the d erm and Powers of an Act passed in the 13th Year or King George the Second intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 7th and tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour of and for

lighting the said Town, and supplying the same with W.ater, and regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the 23d \ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthouse, in the County of as relate to

the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and for putting the said Road under the Pow er of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also ft r

repairing

Whitehavdit

Harbour*

See*

Private

Bills.

Account; Goods imported from Guadeloupe.

Papists

Will? and Deeds.

Westminster

Streets.

Ditto.

312

3* Jprilis.

A. 1762.

repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Sera gill, by Keekle, to Weddiker; and also the Road to and from the Town of Par ton, and the Road over scales Moor, to Ilunday Gate, in the said County of Cum-

berland: And that Mr. Jenkinson, Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. , do prepare, apd bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to receive Reports from Committees to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an. Account of the Quantity of Goods imported into this. Kingdom, from Guadeloupe, from the Time of the Surrender thereof to Christmas last, dillingqishing each Species, and the Amount of the Dutiespaid thereon.

that Part of the Duchy of which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported' from the Committee, That they

bad made a further Progress in the Bill*, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hioufe, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned tillTo-naorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BiH for allowing further Time for Inrolments of Deeds and Will* made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Mr. Speaker left t he Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through trie Bill, and made leva at Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of the

Parishes of St. Mary le Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, St. George, that Part of

the Parish of St. Andrew's, U which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls

and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kytiaston reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bi 1.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to authorize the Making a new Passage, or the Widening of the present Passage, from Drury Lane into Great Queen Street, in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, at or near a certain Place called the Devil’s Gap.

The Order mad? this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, to consider further of the Bill for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of WestmiuJler; the Parishes of St. Mary le Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, George, Bloomsbury; that Part of the Parish of Sabit Andrew's, Uolbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and 17

Veneris r 23* die Apr His \

Anno z* Georgii III114 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Whichcote presented to the House, according wintringtaa to Order, a Bill for inclosing. and dividing feve- lndolurc. ral Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wintringham, in the County of Lincoln; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other witbam Inhabitants of the Borough of Beverley, in the East Rid- Drainage, ing of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades- Ditto, men, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ou Behalf of themselves and others.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Alleging, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for restoring the Outfall, and the Navigation of the River Witham, between the City of Lincoln

and the Borough of Bv/lin the County of Lincoln; and for draining and Preferring the Low Lands adjoining to the said River; and that there now is an useful and perfect Navigation from the River Trent, in the said County of Lincoln, to the said City; and that the Petitioners are advised, and believe, that if the Navigation of the River Witham is attempted to be re-lloned, in such Manner as in the said intended t

Bill is proposed, it w,ill do great Prejudice to the I

Navigation from the said City to the Trent, if not intirely destroy the fame: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, so far as it may af- '

feet the said Navigation betwixt the City of Lin- coin and the River Trent, may not pal’s into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said BUI is committed.

An ingrossed BUI from, the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of wiotenort Edward Lord Winterton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Mirria$e impowering bim to fell Part of the Rftates in the Conn- Settlement, ties of Sussex, Surrey, and Norfolk, therein comprised, and for laying out the Mpnfes arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Qtlier Estates of equal, or greater Value, to be settled to the Ufesof the said Marriage Settlement,

and

1

1

r

\r*

t

2

1

r r..,

a

ft

e

e

il

)f i

.4 '

1*

)f

h

1*

e-

J

ie

if

S'

a

€f

8

<f£

I*

in

e,

iJ

2 Geo. III. 23° Jprilis. 313

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a montto Bridge, and in

Second Time. the County of Cumberland, as relates to the Road from

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry to and for putting the said Road

Archer, Mr. Kyilafion, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Vane, Mr. under the Power of’ the Trustees for putting in execu-Whichcot, Mr. Archer, Mr Wilkinson, Mr. Bridgman, tion the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty Mr Upton, Mr. 7 'uduun/, Mr. Doxcdefwell, Mr. B idler. King George the Second; and also for repairing, widen-

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Xorris, Mr. Onslow», Mr. Fuller, Mr, inir# and amending the Road from Sc rag ill, by Keekle, Duke, Mr. Bull* Mr. Ozi.vw/ry, Mr. Uurrell^ Sir Edmund to lVeddlkerrig\ and also the Road to and from the Thomas, Mr. Forrcjfer, Mr. Whitzcorth, Mr, Alderman Town of Parton, and the Road over \Vinfcalcs Moor, Dickinson, Sir John Turner, Mr. TownshCnd, Mr. Oaf- to 11 unday Gate, in the said County of Cumberland: coyne, Mr. Medlvcott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Par* And the same was received; and read the First Time. kcr, I ord Caryxfort, Mr. Heivett, Sir Edward Turner, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Banker, Mr. Edmon/tone, Mr. Vonereau, Sir George

MontgomeryMctham, Mr. Pentan, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Peachey, Lord MandeviHe, Mr. B ard, Lord George the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Manners, Mr. Vane, Lord BrowntoWBertie, Mr. Waholders, and others, adjoining to the Highway, leading

degrgve and all the Members who serve for the Coun- from the Four Lane Ends, in in the Far fh

ties of Suffer, Surrey, and Norfolk: And they are to of and County of York, and Places adjacent,

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the to the Turnpike Road on leading from

Speaker’s Chamber. the Borough of in the County of

to Kendall, in the said County, on Behalf of thenj-

Sir V. Ordered, That Mr. Kynajlondo make the Report from fel ves and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

Lwfin* ^ie Committee, to whom the ingrossbd Bill from the had been referred; and to whom the Report of the

Ciin*’ Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Matter of the said Petition was re-committed; That the

Curew, Baronet, to grant a Lease, or Leases, of Part Committee had further considered the Matter of the of his settled F.state, for the Improvement thereof, pur- said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,

suant to a Contraft by him entered into for that Purpose, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

was committed. Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivereditinatthe

Mr. ATi/«ry/owaccordinglyreported from the said Com- Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as mittee, that the Committee had examined the Allega- followeth; viz.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and And Mr. James being again examined, said,

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to That the Road described in the Petition is very ruinous the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and and bad, and in many Places so narrow, that no Car-that the Committee had directed the Bdl to be reported riage (except the narrow ones tiled in that Country, to the House, without any Amendment: And he de- which are not more than a Yard wide) can pass, and livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. that a Horse cannot pass by One of these Carriages:

That this Road will be nearer by Six Miles from Towe«ftfr» The Lord Caiysforf reported from the Committee, to berland, and the Norlh Parts of Westmoreland, to the

lodofurr 'v^om the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and West Riding of which is a Circumstance he

° urf’ Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- was unacquainted with when he was examined before: dows. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and That he bad not made any Calculation of the Exin the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Powcefier, with pence of repairing the said Road, but that it will be very the Hamlets of Wood Burcott and Caldecote, in the considerable, as Land must be purchased a great Part of County of Northampton, was committed; That the the Way, but that good Materials may be had all the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, way upon the Road.

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties The Reverend Richard Burn, L.L.D. being examin-coneemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the ed, said, That he is well acquainted with that Part of Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee the Country, and lives in the Midst of it: had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- That the Road oroposed would be a great Advantage - ments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport to the Woollen Manufactory: to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; That there is an extensive Woollen Manufactory car-and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Tied on at Halifax, Huddersfield, and other Places in the in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were West Riding of which is chiefly supplied

once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one with Wool from Scotland, Cumberland, and by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- That he has known 40 Packs a Week go that

upon, were agreed to by the House. Way (from One Man only) for Years together; and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be there are many other Dealers in Wool besides that ingrossed. Person:

That this Branch of Road would make the Commu-’ V.’hitehsTcn Mr. Jenkinfirmpresented to the House, according to nication between and nearer by

Hirtour, Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- at least Five Miles than going round by Kendall, and fectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers would be much more commodious, as Wool may then of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of King George be carried in Broad W heeled Waggons, which now goes the Second, intituled, An Act for making more on Horseback, and he apprehends the Difference of Ex-elFeftual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh pence would be about Seven Pence a Pack: and Tenth Years of her late Majftly Queen Anne, for That as to the Expence of making the Road, he preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, could not certainly say what it may amount to, but in the County of Cumberland-, and for repairing and thinks about fyo a Mile; and he eilimates the Pur-amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour chafe of Lands at about 15 a Mile upon the whole, and Town, of Whitehaven-, and for further enlarging the as some'Parts are Common Grounds, and the rest not said Harbour of U itebaven-, and for lighting the said very valuable:

Town, and supplying the same with Water, and regu- That the Soil itself will make a good Road, being lating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of hard Gravel:

an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his That the Inhabitants in the Part of the Country late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act where he lives, are desirous to have this Road amended; forrepairing and widening the Roads leading from Egre* ind that he never heard any Objection to it: That he Vol. 29. 4 K think#

Sedbergli,'

&c.

.Road.

3*4

Scdbergh,

&c.

Road.

Private

Bills.

2 3 ° Apr

A. 1762.

thinks the Tolls would answer the Expence In this Part Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of of the Road, as well as in any other Part proposed to the said Town, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; be amended by the Bill; and that repairing this Road Taking Notice of the Bill for draining and preferring would induce many more People to go on the other Parts certain Low Lands, called the lying on both

of the Road, than would otherwise go that Wayi Sides the River Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln, and That the Wool which is now carried from Scotland to for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said Yorkshire, through Kendall, would be carried this Way, River, from Meet, in the City of Lincoln,

but that this would not deprive the Inhabitants of Ken- through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; and repre-dall of a proper Supply of Wool, as they live 60 Miles fenting to the I Ioufe,. That the Petitioners apprehend, nearer Scotland, and there is Wool enough for both that the same will be of great Advantage; and there-Manufactures. fore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

John Robinson Esquirebeing examinee!, confirmed Di*# That the said Petition be referred to the

Bum's Evidence, as to the Utility of the Road, and said. That he apprehended that more than Ten Miles would he saved by going this Road from,

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Cumberland, and Scotland, to the West Riding of the Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom

County of York, it being so much nearer than the Way now used.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of

Westmoreland, through Sedbergh to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancajierand from Brackenbar Gate, near AJkrig, in the County of , through Sed-

the Bill for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue to London Bridge, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

bergh, to Kirkby Kendall, in the said County of / Vejl-said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon

moreland, is re-committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, in the Parish of

Sedbergh, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby in Kendall, in the said County.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, That I^eave may be given to move the Town of Pool, in the County to Wrex-

House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees, ham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two in the County of Salop, to in Mech-

of the Clock; van/, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and wi-

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports den several other Roads within mentioned; was com-from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed); That the Committee had examined the Allega-

the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ky no lion reported from the Committee, to whorrt

the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for amending, widen-and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the

Quomdon

Inclosun.

forte (ham Inclosure.

Rain’s

Eftalet.

mitted, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lord-

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Portesham, in the County of DorJ'et; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by

ArtnM

to

London

Bndgt*

Poof

rrd

WrrxhaH

Roads.

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second Time, one by one; and, upon the Clueftion ship or Liberty of Quomdon, in the County of Leicester; severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed

to, and the rest were agreed to by the Houset And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Onjloio reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower the Commissioners and Trustees,

this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging named and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act of certain Leasehold Houses and Tenements, comprised Parliament made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his in the Marriage Settlement of Humfreys Ram Esquire, late Majesty King George the First, for making more

On!’*

Estate*.

from the Trusts of that Settlement, and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Jgborough, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estate late of Henry Ord Esquire, deceased, in

Rv.

Harbour.

effectual an Act made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the county of ; and for restoring the Harbour of Bye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye-, to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut or Channel, made in Pursuance of the said Act of

Trustees, to convey the same to James Nelthorpe Esquire, the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as far as

and his Heirs, and to lay out the Money, to be paid for the same, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Witham

Drainage.

a Wall, called Wall-, was committed; and

to whom the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, named and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act, made in the 10th Year of King George the First, for making more efl'eftual an Act made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for completing the Re-A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, the other prin- pairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; cipal Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the Town of and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Suffer, to its ancient Goodness, so tar as the same relates

19 to

1

Liverpool

Hifbour*

Culs brooked Elhtca,

Private

Bills.

Papists Wills and Deeds.

2 Geo. III. 2 31(5° 315

to the Harbour of Rye-, whose blames are thereunto fubl'cribed; was referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee on behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committ.ee had exaihinedthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madd an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward?! delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in attbeClerk’sTable: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Quel'tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in* grofi’ed.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, " for con* " tinuing several Arts relating to the Harbour of verpool;and for enlarging the said Harbour, by

" making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the " said Dock;" and forererting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the said Port; and for the Prefer;ation and Improvement of the Navigation and Firtiery of the River Merfexj, within the said Port and Harbour of /.»-

terpool; was recommitted.

Sir William Meredith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a 5econdTime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Daval:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the Pa-rirti of Edmonton; and at FriaBarnett, in the County of Middlesex; and at East Barnett, in the County of Hertford; late Part of the Estate of James Colebrooke, Esquire, deceased; comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, in him and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, of equal Value, to the same L’fes, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes in the said Art mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi’engers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next, to receive Reports from Committees, to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Kyn aft on do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; was committed.

Mr. Kynafon, accordingly, reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Vol. 29.

Second iTime, one by one; arid, upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, werfe agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for importing Salt frond Europe, into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America, was read the Third Time.

Eefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for importing Salt from Europe, into the Colony of Not'd Scotia in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refotved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Older of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Libel ty of JVefminfer-, the Parishes of Saint Mary leBone, Saint Giles in the Fields,

Saint George the Martyr, Saint George,; that

Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which

lies in the County of Middlesex-, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which lies in the county of ; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynafon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26’ die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1762. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more eft'ertual, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaider, in Mochnant, in the County of Den-

bigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads within mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more eft'ertual, an Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Mon/gumejy, to fl'rex-ham, in the County of Denbigh-, and also the Road from

Knockin,

Importing Salt into Nova Scotia,

Supply.

Way*

and

Means.

Westminster

Streets.

Pool

and

Wrexham

Roads.

3itf

2 6° Ap.

A. 1762.

Knock hi, in the County of Salop, toLlanrhaider, inMoch- through the Bill, and made several Amendments ther e

nant, in the County of Denbigh;and to repair and widen, several other 1 toads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynq/lon do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Avenue

to

London

Bridge.

Unto; which they hail directed him to report to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and improving the by one; and, upon the Question feverailv put there-North Eali Avenue to London Bridge, was read the upon, were, with Amendments to several of them. Third Time. agreed to by the House.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

be. An Act for enlarging and improving the North ingrossed.

Eall Avenue of London Bridge,

Jttvato

Bills.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do c^trry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order

&C.

Rond*

of Friday last, That Leave may be given to move the and from the to and from the to

House this Day, to receive Reports from Committees; dud from Can few ay Green to a Place called Cock-

to whom private Bills have been committed, after Two fi at the End of Hall Street, in the Town of Dudley, of the Clock; in the County of Worcester; and from Colly Gate, in

Ordered, That Leave be given to receive Reports Cradhy aforesaid, to HulrJLwen, in the County oiSalop-, from Committees to whom private Bills have been com* was read the Third Time.

Colebreoke’s

JEllatts.

Rye

Harbour

initted, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the Parish of F.dmon/cn ;and at Barnett, in the

Cf lirty of Middte/cx; and at in the County of Hertford; late Part oft he F.fiateof7awev Colebrooke,

F.squire, decensed, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colebrooke, Baronet, in him and his

Heirs; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and ofequal Value,

to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Pur-.poses in the said Act mentioned; was read the First Time.

Befoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Commissioners and Trustees, named and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Pirft, for tanking more eflefctual an Act made in the 9th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for retloring the Harbour of Bye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Bye; to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut, or Channel, made in Pursuance of the said Act of the 10th Year of his said late Ma-

OrJl

Eftiic*.

Bejolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road I row the Market House in Stourbridge, to Gate, in Crad-by, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall’, and from Gate to Halejbiceil; and from the Turnpike Road on

Dudley Wood, to BednalGreen, in the Parish of

Norton; and from Carter's Lari to the Inn at A or/life Id, in the Counties of U orcejieStafford, arid Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Bard do carry the bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Igbvrough, in the County of Norfolk, Part of tire

settled Estate lare of Henry Esquire, deceased, in Trustees: t o convey the same to James Esquire,

and his Heirs; and to lay out the Money to be paid for the same in the Purchase of 01 her Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Hickman (Secre- Account tary to the Society of the Free BrFilhery) attended Britishi at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-forrted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Dilburfcments by the

Fishenr.

jesty’s Feign, as far as a Wall called Winchelsea Wall;Society of the Free British Fit her v, troin 3 ill December

* 1.1 rpt r><. / r-. I %

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Commissioners and Trustees, named and appointed by and in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Bye, in the County of SuJ/ex, to its ancient Goodness, so fur as the

1760 to 3ft \ December 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account dolii upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Serjeant Herein reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Paving and Amending, Lighting and Cleansing the Streets, High-

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- StourVMg^ > j ing in Hepair, the Hoad from the Market House in Stourbridge, by the IIayes i\\A Crad ley, our Blake Heath, and by Cavfeivay Greefy tot he Two MHe Stamp Gate;

it

± h £ Fi

S' Sc h I Pi b<

ti

St

I oi

Coventry

Streets,

fame relates to the Harbour of Bve; to let the Sea and ways, Causeways, Lanes, and Passages, wttfnn the City

Cofham '

to

Chichester

Road.

Tides into a new Cut, or Channel, made in Pursuance of the said Act of the 10th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, as far as a Wall called Winchelsea Wall.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edward Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bili for repairing and widening the Road from Cfisham, in the County of Southampton, to the City

of Coventry) and Suburbs; for widening feme Parts thereof; for establishing a Nightly Watch; and regulating the Public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs; and for removing Obstructions from the River Sherborne; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the

ol Chichester, was committed. That the Committee had House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at same to be true: and that the Committee had gone the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

read

m

H

e

G

G

Pi

v

A

F

h

k

Li

D,

h

co

2 Geo.' III.

26* Apt

read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hefket Mr. Jenkinfou reported from the Committee, to whom

Road! *he Bill for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from llcjket, by Bridge, to;

and from thence, by Lor ton, over to

in the County of Cumberlan; and from Keswick, by Dummail Bays and Ambleside Kendall, in the County of Westmorelandand from Cross,

near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the county of ; and from Kef-

wick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland -, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon the said Report after Two of the Clock.

Attendance Mr. Ongleypresented to the House, according to Or-of der, a Bill to enforce the Attendance of Witnesses be-Witnesses. fore Justices of the Peace, and to compel them to give before Evidence:- And the same was received: and read the

J,ta- FirtlTime.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

inn; Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to Pay and Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Sef-Ckmhing. fion of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

SxpiHng A Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better Re-laws/ gulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for extending the Provisions of the said Bill to his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Wtftimnfter Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the

Smew. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of

fier; the Parishes of St. Mary le Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, St. George, Blooms-bury-, that Part of the Parish of St. Anareufsj bourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex the several Liberties of the Rolls and Sqwoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middle-

sex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; was recommitted; the Amendments which the Committee

Vql. 29.

317

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hint to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the (jerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and; upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Application of certain Fines and Forfeitures.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause. be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Weriminfttf St. Margaret's, St. John the Evangelifi, St. Martin in the Street*. Fields, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary le Strand, St. Anne,

St. Paul Covent Garden, in the City and Liberty of Wefi-minster-, and of the Parishes of St.George the Martyr-, that Part of the Parish of St. Andrew's, which.

lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex-, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the Inhabitants within the said several Parishes and Places; was presented to the House,-and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, That a Bill is now depending for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the squares.

Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of St. Mary le Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, St. George Bloomsbury; that Part of the Parish of St. Andreio's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlq-sex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Laws now in being were enforced by a due Execution thereof, the Inconveniences complained of would be removed at a much less Expence, than the Petitioner* may be liable to under the Provisions in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners hope they shall not be subject to the Burthen of this additional Expence, at a Time when, with the utmost Difficulty, they endeavour to discharge the Taxes and Rates already imposed upon them; and that, for these and other Reasons, the Petitioners submit the Consideration of the Premises to the House: And pray.

That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, so far as the same affects the Petitioners; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time* upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall he thenf ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, uponMorn- Supp^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-monw* Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Sr

Meant.

Wiatringham

Jndofure.

Whitehaven

Harbour,

&c.

D®efner*s

Nil

A. i"]6ii

Martl^ 27* die Apr ills;

Anno 2° Georgii III*5 Regis, 1762. Prayers.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing'several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wintri ngham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. col, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. 01-mius, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Hewed, Sir John Turner, Mr. Meynell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Robin/on, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Morion, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Pye, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Upton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Holt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gray, Sir George Sir

John Morgan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, piaffed in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, palfeil in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland-, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of haven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour Of Whitehaven, and for lighting the said Town, and sup--plying the same with Water, and regulating the Carmen -there; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 23d Year Of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, leading from Egremont to Dudden . Bridge, Santon Bridge, and in the County of

Cumberland, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge ito Egremotit; and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for putting in execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for repairing, widening, and -amending the Road from Scragill, by Keekle, to Wed-diker-iigg-, and also the Road to and from the Town of Parton, and the Road over Winfcales Moor to Hunday Gate, in the said County of Cumberland -, was read a Second Time.

Rfi/blied, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. OMr. Berkeley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hexcelt, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Buller, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Shuttle -worth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Boone, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr Mr. On-

JtoU), Mr. Pennant, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Durham, Northumberland, and York-, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clook, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,’intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Doefner, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hewttt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickin-18

son. Sir John Turner, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Edrcard Turner,;

Mr. Buller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Lin-

wood, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Vane, Mr. Bankes, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir

Mr. Burt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Upton, Sir Ellis Cunlifle, Mr. Grant:And they are to - ! meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the - 1

Speaker’s Chamber. j

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SirN. to enable Sir Nicholas Hackct Carcw, Baronet, to grant Caret* a Lease, or Leases, of Part of his settled Ellate, for ea 1 the Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Contract by him entered into for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Rejblvcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That M r. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and Acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an -.ih^ousi), Ad palfed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Ruali'

jesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,;

the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town:

of Loughborough, to Ashby dc la Zouch, in the County

o (Leicester;and for repairing and w idening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through , and

Sutton Bennington, to Rempston, in the Counties of '

cej'ter and Nottingham-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas 1

Palmer, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Jenkinson, 1

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Kynqf/on, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. j

Berkeley, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Si r Charles Mar- J I

daunt, Mr.- Pye, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Alderman Dick in- j

son, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Heicett, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr. '

Parker, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Buller, Mr. Whitwortlt, Mr. J

' Plumptre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Meynell, Sir John Mvr- 1

' daunt, Mr. Huffy, Sir William Baker, Mr. Shuttleioorth, 1 J

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Morion, Mr. Mi*. 1

Upton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties 1

of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, , Der- I

by, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, I

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1

t

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Jenifon'* 1 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ellite* vdting the settled Estate late of Ralph Jenifon, Esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth, in the County of Durham,

in Trullees, in Trust, to be conveyed to John Dixon,

Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree and subsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at Durham, j

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej 1

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the H6qfc, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Toucester, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- j <JoWs, Common Grounds, and Warlle Grounds, of and uco , in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of with

"the Hamlets of Wood Burcolt and Caldecote, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title "be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and t

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Tmccester, with t

the Hamlets of Wood Burbot t and Caldecote, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered,

1

2 Geo. Ill* 27° — 28* ~Aprilis. 519

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry tie Bill omitted to rchiller, or deliver in, their Qualifications to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. within the lime limited by Law; and for giving farther

Time1 for those Purposes; was read the Third Time.

; ,rrool An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Power? Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title Inr^ouf. granted by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the be, An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify Reign of his late Majesty, " for continuing several Acts themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemrelating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for en- nify Juliice's of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and " larging the said Harbour, by making an additional Officers of the Militia, or others, wlu> have omitted to

" Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour register, or deliver in, their Qualihe,e.tious, within the

" there; and for enlightening the said Dock;" and for dime limited by Law, and for giving lint her Time for

erecting Light-houses, or proper Lights, within the tiiofe Purposes; and for the making and lijing Asti-

said Port; and for the Preservation and Improvement of the Navigation and Fishery of the River with-

in the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool-, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 22. To leave out he, ffie," and infe " of him, her," and to leave out " they" and insert " them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers'granted by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, "for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of and for enlarging

" the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and " building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for " enlightening the said Dock;" and for making another Dock, with proper Piers, in the said Harbour; and for erecting Light-houses, and other proper Lights, in or near the Port of Liverpool.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M’s Mr. John Bailor reported from the Committee, to leafing, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make a Lease of a Farm and Lands in W in the County of Essex, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Hfskrt The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^rlcct Report which was made from the Committee, to whom 0 ‘ the Bill for widening, repairin g, and amending the Road from Hesket, by Yeeces Bridge,; and from

thence by Lorton, over to in the County of Cumberland; and from Kef rick, by Raps and Amblejide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of IVefmoreland; and from Croft, near

Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called mere, in the County of WejRnorcland; and from aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of . , Cumberland; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. " -

Officfl Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Mould tion, jt being after Two of the Clock.

Employments. And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices <rf the Peaoe, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have

Vox.. 29.

lavits of Articles of Clerkship.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their ^Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning} Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 8° die;

Anno 20 Georgii II1'" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

R. Serjeant Hewitt reported from the Committee coall.cavers. to whom the Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and all other inrluftrioits Coalheavers, employed in th^ unloading Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition^ the Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign,1 intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers, Working upon thq River Thames; and for enabling them to make a Provision for liion’of themselves- as shall be sick, lame','of past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; which was read: And,

Mr Francis Reynolds, registerirtg Clerk to the Co^- ‘ heavers, informed your Committee, that 49 Gangs ojf . Coalheavers have been formed and registered in tH6 Mariner directed by the said Act; and that if the Regulations proposed by the said Act had taken Place, ip would have been very beneficial to the Coalheavers, by enabling them to make Provision for lfteir Families, and for fu<Sh of themselves as should be sick or past their Labour; but that a Set of People, called Coal Underr - / takers, would not employ such Coalheavers that Come plied with the Directions of the said Act, and accordingly established a Club of Coalheavers, to whom ^hey promised greater Advantages than they could get by conformingto the Regulations proposed; telling the m.

That they were not under any Necessity of applying to the Office, or to pay Poundage, as there was not any Penalty inflicted by the Act for neglecting so to d6.

That if the Price of Labour, which at present is very uncertain, was settled, it would be of great Advantage to the Coal Trade and the Petitioners, and other Coal-heavers.

Lackey Laze ler being examined, said. That he did pay Poundage to t he Office, as directed by the Act; but that he was told by the Coal Undertakers, if he continued so to do, he would not be employed; and accordingly was deprived of Business for several Weeks; aiyl hat many of the registered Gangs were taken from the Office by feme of the Undertakers; promising to give them the Preference of the Work, if they would not apply to the Office, but be employed and paid by the Undertakers.

Christopher Ellijon being examined, Avid, That he remembers the Establishment of the Office, and that he is a. registered Man; but by means of the Coal Undertakers,

Jcni/fetA

Estate.

3e4berjhj

Ac.

Road.

Atwadant*

Of

Whnefta

before

Justice*.

Duke of tomerfcfa Estate*.

Earl of Harrington’* Marriage Settlement.

Wettfteia’a

Nat.

Brambrr

Writ.

3*o iv — 19 " A-1761.

takers, he, and ether registered Men, could not get any Work to do, which obliged him to seek a Livelihood in another Manner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made irt the 31 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be Tick, lame, or pad their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and that Mr. Serjeant Hewitt and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate, late of Ralph Jeni/on Esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth, in the County of Durham, in Trustees, in Trust, to be conveyed to

John Dixon Gentleman, and his Heirs, pursuant to a Decree and subsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex,

in the room of William Fitzherb Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Snssex.

The Orders of the Day being read; _ ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning 8^'

next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upoR Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then -the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 29* die ApriHs;

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirk-by Steven High Lane Head, in the County land, through Sedbergh to Greet a Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Gate, near Ajkrig, in the County of York, through , to

by Kendall, in the said County of Westmoreland; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, to enforce the Attendance of Witnesses before Justices of the Peace, and to compel them to give Evidence; be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the Use of Frances late Mar-chioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, his Two Daughters, and their Issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Trustees, in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of the Right Honourable William Elan of Harrington, with the Right I lonourable Carolina Countess of Harrington, his Wife: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Luke Wettfiein: To which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament 16

Anno a* Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

Praters.

MR. Olmiusreported from the Committee, to whom Doena

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat. Act for Naturalizing John Doerner, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Luke Wettfiein, was read the First Time. "*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Peter Terier was presented to the Hotife, Terie* and read; Praying, That his Name may be inserted in Nat, the Bill nowdepending, for Naturalizing Wettfiein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of

Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the Use offrances late Marehionefo of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Ayle ford, his Two Daughters, and their Issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, repairing, and amend- Hefat ing the Road from Iiejket, by Yewes Bridge, to - Newnarigr mouth; and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatler, to Kejioick, in the County of Cumberland-, and from toick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby Ken-

dall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Plumb-garth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendallsdov to the Lake

called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Kejioick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hejket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and from thence, by Lortom, over W to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland; and from , by

t Dummail

a Geo. III.

29

30

« f

Aprilis.

Certain Periimi ordered to attend the House,

k

Bridgewater

Writ.

lefai

k

fa

k

Borchester

Writ.

D*

8*

i»

Adjournment of the Court of Session.

liiKjfton DwOii Hull Saul! Debts.

Doncaster

to

S.ltrris

Brook

Read.

flimwell,

&c.

Road.

Dummail Rays and Amble side, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Wrjlmoreland-, and from Cross, nea v Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of and from

Krfwivkaforesaid, to the Town in the County

of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfundo carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Stephen Pophani, Esquird, Deputy High Railitrof Westminster, do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Jeffries do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Philipps, Pavior, do at-

tend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. M/liar, savior, do attend

this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Croft;, Vestry Clerk of the

Parifit of Saint Martin in the Fields, do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Wftt for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerjit, in the room of the Right Honourable Earl of Egmont, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord

Loveland Holland, Baron Ix/veand Holland, of Eumore,

in the County of So/nerfetf called i^p to the House of

Peers*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electin'* of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for (lie Bdrough of Dor, in the County of

Dorset, in t he room of the Right Honourable Joseph Lord Milton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Baron M/lton, of Milton Abbey, in the County of called

up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett, and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court, fop such Time, betwixt the Twentieth Day of December and the Fifteenth Day of January, yearly, as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding Twenty Days, without any Amendment: Anri all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts; within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the 'Perm and Powers of an Act made in the 14th Year of his late Majesty, intifuk‘4, An Act for repairing the Road from through the Pa-

rifli of Pen if Ion, in the Cou nty of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester-, and also the Road from Rotherham, in t he said County of to Hill,

in the said Parish of Penijton-, and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between Done after and Sailer's Brook \ without any Amendment: Andj.also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Flint in the County of Sufex, through in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurjt, and

Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex-, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent-, without any Amendment: And also,

Vox,. 29.

321

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and melding a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of and Chapelry of

Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and bidding the Open Fields; Pali tires, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Sprodtley, ih in

the County of York, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds; in the Townshipsor Hamlets of Upton, and

Brough, in the Parish of Skipfea, in in the

East Riding of the County of York, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Courtenay, Baronet, now Viscount tenay, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Proteilant Purchasers; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time forlnrolments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Proteliant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-Morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetter is 30° Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii III1" Regis, 1762* Prayers.

A Petition of Hamel Goy wras presented to the House, and read; Praying, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill now depending for naturalizing Luke Wettjlein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

4 M

Ordered9

Evfnwo<j({

lndoiure.

Sproat’ey

Inciofuie.

Drinfhoc*

&c.

lndoiure*

Derail

Writ.

Papists* Wills and Deeds.

Expiring

Lawi-

Goy»t

Nat.

323

30 ° Aprilis. A. 1762.

Witham Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Drainer, draining an(j preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens\lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County < f Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Nav igation of the said River, from Meer,

in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of BoJ/on, to the Sea, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstand-ingany Adjournment of the House.

Col'brocke’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £atw* for veiling the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the Parish o(Edmonton, and at Barnett, in the County

of Middlesex, and at East Barnett, in the County of Hertford, late Part of the Filiate of James Esquire, deceased, cowprifed in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colei) rooke Baronet, in him and his Heirs; and for f; ttlingother Lands and Hereditaments, in the C ounties of Surrey and of equal Value,

to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Befdived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nation, Mr. Honywood, Sir Charles M r. Cooke,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. WilbrBootle, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lcckyer, Mr. Staunton, Lord , Mr. Alderman

Dickin/hn, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Harris, Sir William Baker, Mr. Parker, Mr. derburn, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Upton, Mr. Tudivay, Lord John Mr.

Air. Gascoyne, Mr. BruSir Francis Poole, Mr. Burrell, Air Onslow, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ryder-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, reij, Kent, Essex, and Suffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cofliam An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the r, to Road from Cosham ,in the County of Southampton, to ItoaL" the City of Chid\efter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Co/ham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chicl icjler.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence.

Earl of An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^Mama°e'* ^or re&'lying a M ifiuke in the Name of One of the Settlement. Trustees, in the Settlement made upon the Marriageof the Right Honourable William Karl of with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington, his Wif , was read the F’irft Time.

Bt jibed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ord’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efliitcs. for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Pari 1I1 of /"borough, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the

settled Fflate late of Henry Ord Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to Esquire,

and his 1 leirs; and to lay out the Aloney to be paid for the same in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Air.

Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bit ller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr. PUmpire

A1 r. Coventry, Mr. Paterjim, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sir John Philipps, Air.

Kynaston, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Honywood, Mr. Ward, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Mr.

Ttnonjhend, Ford John Cavendish, Mr. Starkie, Sir George Sadie Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Montagu,

ft

Air. Fenton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Sussex, E/f-x, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intit uled. An Act for vesting Two Acres of Land, in Walton upon 'Thames, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to t he Executors of Samuel Dicker Esquire, for the Benefit of Delver,

an Infant, was committed, That the Committee Imd examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee-; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s ’lable.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eetl'i

to enable Joseph Felt Esquire to make a Lease of a Farm Leafing. f and Lands in Wallhamjloice, in the County of E/fex, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats. t

Ordered, That Air. John Bidler Ao carry the Bill to the Clords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consule ration the F.venwooi Amendments made by the Lords to th. :!!, intituled, lacioinre.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within ^be Manor of and Cha-

pel ry of Saint Helen s Auckland, and County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fob loweth; viz,

Pr. 5. L. 21. After " let," leave out " or worth to " be let."

Pr. b. L. 4. Leave out " or Second."

Pr. 42. L. 2 Z>\Leave out " or Second."

3 I

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon tffe Questiou severally put thereupon, . agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint tl®m, that this 1 louse hath agreed

to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Doerner, was read the T hird Nat

dime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Olmiusdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Westminster I Church of Saint Peter's, Westminster, was presented to Street*, the House, and read; Alleging, I hat, by fevc~al Charters, or Grants from the Crown, the Petitioners are Lords of the Honour or Manor of Wef which

comprehends what is commonly called the City and Liberty of Westminster;and that; by virtue of the said Charters' or Grants, the Petitioners are authorized to hold Courts Leet within the said City and Liberty, for the better Government thereof; and that the Pet itiouers apprehend, that if the Bill for-Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster-,the Parishes of

Giles in the Fields, Saint George I. he Martyr, Sain! ,

Bloomsbury-, and that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and j

that Part of the Duchy of Lancajlerwhich lies in the County of Middlesex\ and for preventing Annoyances therein; Humid pass intoa Law, it would be very injurious to the Petitioners, as it would very materially aft’eft

their

Dicker* Sale of Land.

4

j

4 Geo. III.

30* Apr ills. — 30 Maii.

323

Derby

Writ*

Expiring

Laws.

Westminster

Screen.

Witham

Drainsge.

fappljr.

Ways

and

Meani.

their Jurisdiction and Privileges within the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may rtot pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel upon their said Petition, if they think iit.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in tin's present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of in the room of George Venabl Vernon i.(quire, now

Lord Vernon, Baron Vernonof the Coun-

ty Palatine of Chester, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Hii! f t the making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, was committed, the Amendments Which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Where with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tab'e: the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Qaefnon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the house.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for Paving, Cleansing. and Lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westmmfiet; the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bjiie, Saint. Giles in the Fieldthe Martyr, Saint George Bh om/lninj -,that Part of the Parish 0 iSaint Andrew's, Holbo"rn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savin/-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lane a per which lies in the County of Middlefeand for preventing Annoyances therein; which Bui was, upon Monday last, reported from the Committee of the whoie House, to whom the same had been re-committed;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command,

acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken. That TIis Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low I.a mis, called the lying on both Sides

of the River William, in the County of Id-coin, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Branford Mccr, in the C ity of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boson, to the Sea; which Rill was, upon Friday the 2d Day of this infiant , read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as Iljs Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

11 ej olved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 29.

House, to consider further of Ways and Mean > for raiding the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Eduards and Mr. M< ntagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lorrls Imre agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more ofttciual, an Act made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead B*ncky which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Glou-ce/ler, to Christian M a (ford Bridge, in the County of H ills; and also, from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish > without any Amend* mens: And also, f

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and from thence to the South Knd of the Town of Morcof, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more eft’eftual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; ancMor preventing Annoyances therein; with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mellcngers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurtce, 30 Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii III"* Regis, 1762. Prayers.

TyEter Tcxier and Daniel Goy took the Oaths appoint-

in Orilrr tn thpir \Rlurnliz;itioiL

ed, in Order to their Naturalization.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by tho Lords to ihe Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields, Commons, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, Upton, and Brough, in the Parish of in -

ness, in the Fall Riding of the County of

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeih; viz.

Pr. 31. L. 20. Leave out from " aforesaid," to " and, " in the 10th Line of the next Profs.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that 1 his House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Luke Wettjleiwas read a Second Time.

Be,tl'lied, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir i'homasPalmer, Mr. Wed, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Charles Montanat, Ir. Alderman Mr. tl 7

Mr. Fuller, SirEroncisPoole,\lr. Butter, Mr. Mr.

Hai tey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Forrester. Mr. Upton, Mr, Buller, Mr. Ednwnfinite, Mr. Parker, Sir William Mereddh, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Town* field, MuOnjiow, Mr. Boone, Sir Ellis Cnvliffe, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bankes, S\v George Savilr, Mr. Harris, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdejivell,

Mr.

Mead Brook,

See. Road. i

Deeping St ine Bridge Road*

Ringfton upon Hull Streets.

Dfinghoe,

Ac.

Inclosure.

WettVia’t

J^at.

Tender

Nat.

Gov’s

Nat.

Private £u lint is.

Holden’s

fcftate.

Sproatley

Inclosure.

Bicker’s Sale of Land.

Coventry

Streets.

5 H 3 MailJ. 1*761

Air. Montagu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sir Edward.

Turner, Mr. Archer, Mr. Wynne, Mr. JenkinJbn, Mr. heft, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Wyndham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Ordered, That the Petition of Peter (which

'wasprel’enf cd to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should he read a Second Time) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of Goy (which was

pret'ented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill should be read a Second Time) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, that any private B a finds may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

Pr. 68. L. 36. To h ave out from the Bc-mommo the Line to " and, " in l’r. L. 3.

And the said Amendment war., upon the Qucilion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Was amended at the Table according!'.'.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, lighting, and ( hanging the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; fur widening lbuie Parts thereof; and for the better ordering the Watch, public Wells and Pumps, and the River -Sherborne, there;

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hewitt do chny the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Mefi’age from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading limn the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint mund's, in the said County; without any Amendment:

1

1

Sudbury

to

Bury J Sr. Edmund*! Road.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Holden Gentleman, and Thomas Holden, his Son, an Infant, and their Truliees, to raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds, upon certain Imitates in Lei-cefiershire and Warwick///ire, or on a sufficient Part there-

of, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

.Re/blved, That the Bdl do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pallures, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Paliure Ground, in the Lordship of Sproatley, in derness, in the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 30. After " Infant," leave out " by the said Nicholas Dealtry, his Guardian."

Pr. 4. L. 13. After the ill " insert " and

and in the same Line, after the ad " Dealtry," insert " by the said Nicholas Dealtry, his Guardian." The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery do

cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Acres of Land, in Walton upon Thames, in Truliees, to be sold and couveyed to the Executors of Samuel Dicker Esquire, for the Benefit of ter, an Infant, was read the Third Time. liefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, w ithout any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for the better paving and amending, lighting and cleansing the Streets, Highways, Cause-ways. Lanes, and Railages, within the City of Coventry anti Suburbs; for widening some Parts thereof; for establishinga Nightly Watch, and regulating the public VI ells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs; and for removing Obstructions from the River Sherborne , was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

And also,

The Lords ha^e agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Fave.fium, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Poll Road, near the Town of Farer/ham, by Ba-ecu's Water, through Afford, to the Town and Port of

Hythe, in the County of Kent-, and from Baron's H ater to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in near

the City of Canterbury; without any Amendment: And

also, a

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act preservation to amend so much of an Act made in the First Year of of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of "£rol>w former Statutes made against ihcoting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheafitnts and Partridges; and against the deft roving of Hares with Hare- f

pipes, and tracing I lares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons; by making the Manner of convicting such Personor Persons as Iliad offend therein more easy and expeditious; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rotherham for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, ,nclcfure' and Common Grounds, in the Township of in the County of York, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Marlborough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a New Writ lorthe Wm. j Electing of a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament j

for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right Honourable John Montagu Esquire, commonly called Lord now

Lord Montagu, Baron Montagu, of Bough ton, in the County of Northampton, called up to the House of Peers.

Au ingossed Bill for making perpetual an Act for the Expiring better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Laws. Merchants Service, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government^of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and for extending (he Provisions thereof to His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dofire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Drake Ba inbridge Esquire, Return- Durham '

ing Officer at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Election. Parliament for the City of Durham, was presented to

the

2 Geo. III.

supply.

Way»

and

Irfeanl.

Wellmmfter

Streets.

3

Mail

325

the House, and read; Alleging, That, in the Petition of Major General Lambton, and in the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Ralph Gowland, Esquire, for the said

Filth, or Rubbish, on a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St.George, Hanover Square.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-

Pr.

L.

Pr.

13-

City, the Petitioner is charged witii many undue, ille- posed to be made to the Bill; vi gal, and unwarrantable Practices, at and in relat ion to the said Election; and that the Petitioner, intirely con-feious of the Uprightness of his Conduct, in the faithful, just, and impartial Discharge of his Duty, prays the House, That he maybe allowed to defend him fell* by Counsel against the said Charges, when the Matters of the said Petitions are allowed to be heard before this House.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be admitted to be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of this House, against the Charge contained in the said Petitions, at the same Time that the Matter of the said Petitions is appointed to be heard.

X. 36.

L. 38.

to insert " from Time

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ile/blved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

8. To leave out " the Right Honourable ' " William Henri)

" Esquire, commonly called Marquis " of Tick field.n L. 30. After " shall," to insert " at any " Time."

After " shall,’

" to Time."

After the 2d " of," to insert " the " said Commissioners."

After " by," to insert " Order of." After " Commissioners," to insert " or any Five or more of them." After " as," to insert " lliull not appear to the said Justices to be intended to be built upon, and."

Pr. 38. L. 12. To leave out " in the First Place." And t!ie said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the 7^tie

Pr.

T7*

L.

L.

L

39-

40.

1.

be. An Act for paving, clean ft ug, and lighting the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Li-

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And 1 lie laid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, 7'hat this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City ami Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint MaryleBone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George

the Martyr, Saint George, Bl; that Part of the

Parish of Saint Andrew's, Ho which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein;

The Counsel for the several Petitioners against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Pa-rifties of Saint Margaret's, Saint John the Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Anne, Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the City and Liberty of Wtminster; and of the Parishes of Saint George the Martyr; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Sa-

voy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex;whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the Inhabitants within the said several Parillics and Places; was also read.

And the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's, Westminster, was also read.

And the Counsel for the said Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Places were heard.

And then the Counsel for the said Dean and Chapter were also heard, and produced Evidence in Support of their said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to prevent the laying of Allies,

Vol. 29.

berty of Westminster ;the Parishes of Giles in the

Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, bury; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesexthe several Liberties of the Rolls and S/ivoand that Part of the

Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County Jex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, 7'hat Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defn c their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martly 40 die Matt;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual Rigifters of all Parish poor Infants under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames $ without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knack in, in the County of Salop, to Llanrha 'uki\ in Mochnanty in the County o(Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A6i for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other 4 N Parts,

Poor

Accounts ’

Regulation of t Bumb Boats on the Thame*. Pool and Wrexham, Road*.

Duke of Benufr rt’s Estates.

Earl of Hnrri 0^00*1 M a mage Settlement.

Private

Business.

Sedbergh,

He.

Road.

326

40 Mali.

Parts, of an Act made in the 32.il Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, entailed by the Will of the Most Noble Charles AW/ Duke of deceas-

ed, in Trustees; to be sold; and for purchasingother Estates, to be settled to the like L fes; and for hnpovvering the Guardian and Trustees named in the said Will to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates, in the Counties of

Glxnicefier, Wilts, Hants, Devon, and

Brecon, during the Minority of his Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 1 for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Trustees in the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington, his Wife, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Upton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Northey, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Touche/, Mr. WMr. Morton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edu ard Turner, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Howard, Sir William Baker, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ol/nius, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Philipps, Mr.

lleivclt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bagot, Sir Hcmy Slingsby,

Mr. Penton, Mr. Wilbrah am Bootle, Mr. Lord

Parker, Mr. Smith, Mr. Montagu, Mr.; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Gloucester, Sand Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, '1 hat Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from KirkbySteven High Lane Head, in the County of

Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of iMncaJler; and from Brackenbar Gate, near Ajkrig, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendall, in the said County of WejL moreland; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 9. L. 24. Toleaveout" Hall," andinfert" Head" instead thereof.

Pr. 10. L.'S Jto leave out " the said."

20.3

I.. 21. To leave out " aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House $ and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

llefolved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bo, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of We/l-vioreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ;and from

Gate, near Ajkrig, in the County of through Sed-

bergh, to Kirkby Kendall; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayngg Hause,\eading{rom Appleby to Kirkby Ken-

dall, in the said County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

18

A 1762.

Mr. Kynafnvireported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for K«. Naturalizing Luke Wettjlcin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of Peter Tex ten, and also the Petition of Daniel Goy, to them referred: and thereupon hud made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were read; and are as foliovv-eth; viz.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dufceof for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Somr.fei* Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and deviled to the Lies of late Mar-

chioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Ayhj-ford. In’s Two Daughters, and their Issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders ov er; and for vesting and settling the intire Premises to the several L’fe« therein mentioned, and for the several other Purpol’es therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so Mr. Northey,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. I rpton, Mr. Kynaston, dannt, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Mr. Tuwnjhend,

Mr. Waljh, Mr. Bailer, Mr. OttgMr. Mr. Webb, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ol/nius, Mr. I arris, Mr. Wed-derburn, Mr. Jennings, Mr. If ha/elcyMi-.

Mr. Lajeelles, Mr. Hollywood, Sir George

Met ha in, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Che/uyiid, Mr. Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Patcrfon, Mr. QMr. Pry re, Sir

Robert Long, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Bullock, Colonel Mr. Mr.

Hunt, Mr Rushout, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ff'ux,

Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Kent: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Ptefcrvation Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, £jov°sanj An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the l'irlt pi<jgC.ns. Year of the Reign of King James the lirft, intituled.

An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made against shooting in Guns, and for the Preservation of the Game of Pheasants and Partridges; and against the deft toying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Ilares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgeons, by making the Manner of convicting inch Person or Persons as thali offend therein, morecaiy and expeditious.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 30. Leave out " Condition," and insert " Conviction" inticad thereof.

Pr. 3. L. 12. Leave out " as," and insert " and" in-ftcad thereof.

'1 he said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lcrdships.

The

4 Geo. III.

4 — 5

Maii.

327

pjthfrtoam The House proceeded to tike into £onsideration the Juciofure. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York - And the said Amendments were read; and are as so!-loweth; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 19. After *c all," leave out" Mines, Minerals, and."

L. 24. After " such" leave out " Mines, Minerals, and."

L. 32. After" such" leave out " Mines, Minerals, and."

L. 33. Leave out " or," and after " Quarries" leave out " respectively."

Pr.24.L. 24. After "Courts," insert " Mines, Minerals."

L. 38. After " such " leave out " Mines."

L. 39. Leave out " and."

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Then the Coiinfel /or the said Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that such Persons only could regularly he admitted Freemen as were inli-tled thereto by Birth or Servitude; and also, that divers u nvvarruntable and illegal Praci ices had been used for procuring and passing the Repeal of the said By-law of 1728, and for admitting Freemen of the said City, after the Death of the late Member for the said City, and before the Election of another Member to serve in his Boom.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw':

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-

ing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Durham

fledion.

The Order of the Day being read.

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Durham.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Petition of John DrakeBainbridge, Esquire,

ReturningOlTicer at the lati Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, was also read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the*

16th Day of January 1735, for rellraining the Counsel County of and for repairing and widening

at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of the Road branching out of the said Road at Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence, touch- Church, over Coleor/on Moor, and through

Mercurii, 5* die Maii;

Anno 20 Georgii III. Regis, 1762.

Praters.

SIR 77/e?»<7.y Pfl/wer reported from the Committee, to LouRht-oroujb whom the Billto continue, and rendermore effectual, KoaJ' an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby tie in the

ing the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the lati Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Major General Lamblon, and for the Freemen of the City of Durham, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the said City, being in part heard;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Major General Lambton, and for the said Freemen of the City of Durham, were further heard; and having Hated the Right of Electing Burgefi’es to serve'in Parliament for the said City, to be in the major Part of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, of the said City, which shall be present at such Election;

The same was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And a Charter of Incorporation, granted by Tobias Bishop of Durham to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City, dated on the Feall of Matthew, in the Year 160?, was produced, and Part thereof, relating to the Power of making By-laws, was read.

Then the Corporation Book, wherein are entered the Acts and By-laws of the said Corporation, was produced, and several Parts thereof, containing a By-law, made in the Year 1728, for regulating the Method of admitting Freemen, and a subsequent By-law, relating to the said former By-law, were read.

‘And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having proposed to prove. That the Validity of th° laid By-law, of the Year 1728, had been established by a Judgment

1.. C ..4. Daw/./. n - + li Voar c\it hie

and Sutton Bennington, lo Rempjl.me, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whichcotreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish oftf 'inlringhatn, in the County of Liw as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyhad directedhim to report to the House; andhe read the Report iuliis Place; and afterwardsdeliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJcrk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wintringhartl

IncloswrCi

m

the Court of King's Dench,

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House in the 25th Year of his Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private JBuliness alter late Majesty’s Reign; Two of the Clock.

The Counsel on the other Side admitted the said Bylaw to have been a valid one w hile it w as a subsisting Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Law. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Vol. 29. the

Private

Buliness

Tiverton

Writ.

L

9 Ma

328

A. 1762.

Papist's Wills and Deeds.

Rye

Harbour.

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for tive Borough of Tiin the County of

Devon, in the Room of Sir Edw Montagu, Knight of

the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, now Lord Beaulieu, Baron of Beaulieu, in the County of Southampton, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Commissioners and Trustees, named and appointed by, and in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent-, and for

liefolred, That, t his House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of And the Counsel were called in.

And the Corporation Order Book was produced, and an Order therein, dated 13 July 17'59, for admitting certain Persons to their Freedoms of the said City, and for dispensing upon that Occasion only with the said Bylaw of 1728, was read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner, Major General Lambton, and for the Freemen of the City of Durham, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that many Persons, not entitled either by Birth or Servitude, had been admitted Freemen during the late Vacancy of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said City, on Purpose to enable them to vote at the late Election; and that great

TL

tic

restoring the Harbour of Bye, in the County of Suffer, Irregularities were committed, in respect to the Manner

Stourbridge,

See

Road.

Towcester, . Sec. Inclosure.

Loralne’s

Name.

Weller’* Eft ate*.

to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye-, to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut or Channel, made in Pursuance of the said Act of the Tenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, as far asa Wall, called WinchelseaWall-, without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley; and from Pedmoreto Holly Hall-, and from CollyG ale to

Halesowen; and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Nortlifield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Lilierties of Toivcejer, with the Hamlets of Wood Burcott and Caldecote, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname ol Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith, Esquire, deseased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

of holding the Meeting for admitting the said Freemen, and also in theProceedingsat the said Meet ing; and that the Objections made at the said Meeting to their Ad? million were not fullered to be heard.

And then the Conn lei on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners examined another Witnesss to the same Points.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners examined several other Witnesses to the same Points.

And the said Counsel having referred to a Member of the House, to give the House an Account of what ho knew, with respect to the Irregularity of the Proceedings at the said Meeting;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning that Matter.

And then the Counsel on bothSides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned tillTo-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

veiling the settled Estate of John Weller, Ef<

(juire,

Supply.

Way*

and

Mam.

de-

ceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to lay out the Surplus of the Money ari-sing by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other l>ands, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John JVeller: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rffblvcd, Tha.t this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

JoviS) 6* Maii;

Anno z* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers

LORD Broumbzo Bertie reported from the Commit-

1 tee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for

restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Branford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boson, to the Sea, was committed, That the Committee had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled; and also upon the Petition of John Dy-mokeand John Difney, F.squires, Freeholders and Owners of Lands, lying on the Sides of, or near the River William, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are

thereunto

-ho:L

Wiilum

Drainage.

Private

Business.

Ditto.

Locihborough

Road.

2 Geo. III. 6* Mali. 329

thereunto subscribed; and also upon the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants of the City of Lincoln, and the County of the same City, and of

the Pail and Close of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and had heard the Petitioner, Richard

EUiJim, of Thorn, in the County of York, Merchant, upon his Petition; and had also heard Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill.against the said last mentioned Petition; and also against the said other Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Quantity of I^ands proposed to be taxed by the Bill, including private Lands and-Commons, contain together, by Estimation, 100,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the Proprietors of fuel) private Lands, and Persons principally interested in, and having Right of Common in the said Commons, which said Lands and Commons amount together to 83,828 Acres, or thereabouts, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Proprietors of about 2,631 Acres of private Lands hail declared they would not oppose the Bill; and that Propol’als for the Bill before, and Copies of the Bill since, the same was brought into the House, had been distributed in the Country; and that no other Perl'ons, except the Petitioners, who had been heard by their Counsel upon their Petitions, and the said Richard Ellison, who had been beard upon his Petition, appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order madeYefterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Hay, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House I his Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge,

In the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby Zouch, in the County of Leicester; and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonnington to Rempjtone, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham-, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonnington to Rem in the Counties of

Leicester and Nottingham.

Vol. 20.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and

Mr. Broivning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of Nova Scotia, in America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and for the Making and Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkftiip; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the North East Avenue of London Bridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortim

Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Hill, in

the Counties of Salop and Worcester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Carew, of Craivcombe, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral Rodney, for the Services he has done to his King and Country in the West And that

Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Refolded, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Honourable Major General for the

Services he has done to his King and Country in the West Indies: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the latne to him.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleaiifing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon and for preventing Annoyances therein.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

Pr. 7. I. 26. Leave out from " thereof," to " and, " in 1. 37.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House, Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

4 O And

Importing Salt into Nova Scotia.

Offices

and

Employment*.

Avenue

to

London

»;<]ge

Cleobury

Mortimer

Ac.

Roads.

T. Carew’s Eliates.

Admiral

Rodney

thanked*

General

Monckton

thanked.

Kingston upon Hull Streets.

1

Account;

Goods

imported from

Guadaloupe.

Loraine’s

Name.

Weller’s

Estate.

Durham

Election.

330

6° — 70

A. 17 6z.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir George gomery Mctha.11, 'Sir.Bacon, Mr. Jf’odderburn, Mr. Jaynes Harris, Lord Midleton, Mr. Falter, Sir daunt, Mr. Blaekfone, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Wilbraham, Mr. Thomas Townsh Ju». Mr. Gajcoyn

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir W<t!ter Blackett, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Upton, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harvey, Mr Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Bag Mr.

Mr. Ridley. Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Co-

lonel Brudnudl, Mr. Serjeant lIc:att, S'uEduardTurner, Mr. Montagu, General How:1 rd, Mr. Mills, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Harvard, Ix>rd Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Norlhcy:And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Goods imported into Engl and from Guadaloupe, from the Time of the Surrender thereof to ChriJIaias‘1761, dillinguithing each Species, and the Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That tier said Account do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I Ioufe.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable ChatlesSmith, an Infant, lately culled Charles

Loraine, and hi.- Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Wili of Richard Smith, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Tim".

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed 3 11 from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Eliate of John Weller, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and in

Trullees, to be sold, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to iay out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other Ixinds, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And a Book, in which are entered the Names of the Freemen called over at a Guild on the Second Day of November lair, was also produced.

And fevered Lifts, from which the Names were called over at the said Guild, and from which the said Names were copied into the said Cook, wore also produc 'd.

And the d own Clerk of the said City was examined, in relation to the said Book and Li.t.i, and also to the Proceedings bqth at the said Guild and oifewh. re, with respect to the AdmiHion and Swearing of the said Freemen.

And then the said Witness withdrew.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the said Witness was again called in, and further examined, with regard to the Proceedings at the Guild, held on the Second Day of November Lift.

Then a Book, containing the Names of Freemen fivorn in by the Mayor of the said City, with the Dates of the respective Times when they were sworn in, was produced by the Mayor of the said City, who was examined in relation thereto.

And several Parts of the said Poll, and also of the said last mentioned Book, were read, in order to prove that Five Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member, were sworn in by the Mayor on the 12th Day of December last, being the 6th Day of the Poll.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions, be adjourned till Tormorrow Moru-ing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 Maii;

Anno 2® Georgii 3'" Regis, 1762. Prayers.

j

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Durham.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Major General Lamhton, and for the Freemen of the City of Durham, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue 'lection and Return for the said City, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, That, after the Admission of Freemen, on the Second Day of November last, Notice had been given to the Mayor, not to swear in the said Freemen, they having been irregularly admitted; and, that Copies of the Names of the several Persons, so admitted, had been demanded and refused; and also to explain the usual Method of admitting Freemen; and to ftiew the Partiality of the Mayor, in Favour of the Sitting Member.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners further examined One of the said Witnesses, as to the Partiality of the Mayor, in Favour of the Sitting Member.

Then the original Poll, taken at the last Election of JJurgeffes to serve in Parliament for the said City, was produced.

*7

Til E House being moved, in pursuance of the Or- Bufiucfc.

der made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, That any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock; I

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered

upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

’ Ditto

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday next, that any private Business may be entered upon in the House, upon Monday next, after Two of the Clock. , 1

Wintringhini

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing several Inclosure. Open Fields and Comtnonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wintringham, in the County of Lincoln,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wintriggham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

We'tfltin’i

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lyat- 1 for Naturalizing Luke Wettfiein, was read the Third Time.

The

1

2 Geo. III. 7 Maii. 331

Th^Amendment following was proposed to be made to thenitle of the Bill; viz.

At the End of the Title, to add " Peter " Junior, and Daniel G

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Ky do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, w'ith some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Coicbrooke’s Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom

Efciw- j»g|-0Ued Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate in the Parish of Edmonton, and at Barnett in the County of Middless r, and at Fa ft Barnett, in the County of

ford, late hart of the Estate of Culcbrooke Esquire,

deceased, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Colcbrooke Baronet, in him and his Heirs; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, of equal Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes in the said Art mentioned; w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That M r. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Ixmls, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wi-ham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Drainage, adjourned Considera! ion of the Report from the Commit ’0, to whom the Bill for draining and preferring certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of’ the River JVilham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for relioring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Brayford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally'read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whitehaven ^r- Jenkinfonreported from the Committee, to whom

Hirbour, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, * and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed

in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for yaking more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland-, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of White-Imven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour of if^itehaven; and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the same w'ith Water, and regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " VoL. 29.

George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremoht, to Duclden Bridge, Suntan Bridge, and in the County of

Cumberland, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont-, and for putting the said Road under the

Power of the Trustees for putting in execution the said Art of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Scrag ill, by to Weddi-

ker 1iigg-, and also the Road to and from the Town of Parton, and the Road over Mcor, to Hun day

Gate, in the said County of was com1

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Sir George Montgomery Mreported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Arts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein, That the Committee bad drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Amendment made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more " effectual, several Arts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon " Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein," which

is in Pr. 7. L. 26. to leave out from " thereof," to " and, " in the 37th Line of the same Press, the Commons disagree;

Because, by a Statute 9® Georgii iml, Cap. 7. Sert. 6. it is enarted, " That no Person shall be taken to have " any legal Settlement, in any City, Town, Parish, or " Hamlet, by reason of his being rated, and paying to " the Scavenger’s Rate, or Repairs of the Highways:" By the present Bill, Power is given to the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Kingston upon to make

a Rate upon the Occupiers of houses in the said Town, and Liberties thereof, which is directed to be applied to Purposes, which must otherwise have been supplied b7 a Scavenger’s Rate.

The Clause which, by your Lordships Amendment, is proposed to be left oat, was insertod by the Commons; that this Bill, which is intended for private and particular Purposes, may not beconiirued to imply any Alteration of the general Law, in regard to the Settlement of the Poor, antecedent to this Bill; the Payment of such a Rate as is directed to be levied by virtue thereof could have intit led no Person to a Settlement, by reason of the Act g° Georgii iml: And the Commons therefore apprehend it is necessary to retain the Clause left out by your Lordships Amendment, the Effect of which Clause is, to provide, that the Qualifications which intitle a Person to a Settlement shall remain the same as they would have been, independent of this Bill, in which the Settlement of the Poor was not an Objefil under the Consideration of Parliament.

The Commons decline, at this Time, offering any other Reason, believing this may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordships, not to infill upon the Amendment, that a useful Bill may not be loft.

The

Kingston upon Hull Streets.

Supply.

Ways

and

Means.

Durham

Election.

332 70 — 10° 1762.

The said Reasons being severally read aSsecond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hotife.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired, with the Lords upon the Subject Matterof the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Lord George do go to the

Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Lord George Sackv:lle reported to the House, That (he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more etTeftual, several Acts made lor cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein) the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same on Monday next, at One of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coiifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ref deed. That this House wiil, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the ftvcral Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Durham.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Cotmfel for the Petitioner, Major General Lambton, and for the Freemen of the City of Durham, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Elec! ion and Return for the said City, having excepted to 215 Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, as not being Freemen of the said City;

And having proposed to prove. That, of those 215 Persons, 93 were sworn in upon, and after, the Day of the Telle of the Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said City; viz. 21 011 the 28th Day of November, the Day of the Telle of the Writ; — 2 on the 5th Day of December-, — 28 on the 7 th Day of December, the FirliDay of the Election; — 25 on the 8th Day of Decev\ber, the Second Day of the Election; —

12 on the 11th Day of December, the Fifth Day of the Election and 5 on the Twelfth Day of December, the last Day of the Election; and that the remaining 12a were sworn in upon, or after, the Second Day of November last;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted, That the said Persons were sworn in at the said several respective Times.

Then the Titles of Two of the Lifts which were Yesterday delivered in, were read.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the j 2th Day of March 1701, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Nonvich, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon, was read.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the t8th Day of January j 702, of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon, was also read.

And the Journarof the House, of the First Day of April 1714, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of IpJ'wich, in the County of Swas also read.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of February 1724, of the Report from the

Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stufford, and of the Proceedings of the House thereupon, was also read.

And then, the Counsel for the said Petitioners having summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard.

And the Counsel for John Drake Bainbridge, Esquire, Returning Officer at the tail Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, was in Part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Mr. Bainbridge was further heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

They w ere again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Mr. Bainbridge was' further heard.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence.

And a By-law, made the 13th Day of October 1761, for repealing the By-law of 1728, and for regulating the Manner of admitting Persons to their Freedom of the said City, was read.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunayio° die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762. Prayers.

MR. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to W'hotli the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of Edward Lord Winter ton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by impowering him to fell Part of the Estates in the Counties of Sutfex, Surrey, and Norfolk, therein comprised; and for laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, of equal or greater Value, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ;*and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he deliv ered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas of Crawcombe, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Refolded,'

1

Lord WintertoJ Mtrriagff Settlement

ft!

SirN.

Carew’s Leafing, c

V'

Duke of Beaufort’s Estates.

Loraine’s

name.

Expiring

La*s.

Hinclc ey through

2 Geo. III. io 0 Ma 333

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr . 'Fuller, Mr. Mr. Hewett, Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, M r. Forrester, Mr. Mr.

Parker, Sir William Beauchamp Mr.

Mr. Webb, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot , Mr. Serjeant Mr. Wcd-derbum, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Pent on; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to ma*t this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act made in the 3ad Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, entailed by the Will of the most ndhle Charles Noel Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Ufesj and for impowering the Guardian and Trullees named in the said Will to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester, Hants, Devon, Dor~

set, Glamorgan, and Bream, during the Minority of his Children; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, SiFCharles Mor daunt, Mr Mr. Serjeant

Hewitt, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Onjloic, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hewett, Sir F Vincent, Mr.

Montagu, Lord BrownloivBertie, Mr. Parker, Lord Ncivnham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pennant, Mr. llarbord;and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Middlesex and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Smith; an Infaut, lately called Charles Loraine, and his Heirs, to take and life the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith Esquire, deceased, was rend a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Whicluot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sir

John Turner, Mr Hewett, Mr. Mr Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Honblon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ridley, Lord Orwell, Mr. Murray, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harris, Lord Gay lies, Mr. Plumptre, Lord M r. Pye,

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkin-

son, Mr. Forrester, Mr. GowlaMr. Townshend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Coventry, Mr. , Mr.

Dodd, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jenkinjim, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. TempeJ't:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, and for extending the P^visions thereof to His Majesty’s Colonies in America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending so much of Two Acts, of the 27th and 2Qth Years of his fate Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to the Road be-

between Hinckley and Coventr; without any Amend-

ment: Agid also,

Vol. 29. V

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act pafl’ed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, continuing |everal Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and' fur enlarging the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier, in the Open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock; and for making another Dock, with proper Piers, in the said Harbour; and for erecting Light-houses, and other proper Lights, in or near the Port of Liverpool; with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made upon Friday last, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, that any private Business may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

Act ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate ot'John Weller, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and hi

Trustees, to be sold to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same; and to lay out the Surplus of the Money arising by suchSale(ifanv) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Dowdcjiveil, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gor Mr. Forrester, Mr. Vane, Mr. Plumptre, Lord fort, Mr. Fuller, Lord Broumlow Bertie, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mills, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pye, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harris, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bagot, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Northey, Sir Wilfred Mr. Houb-

lon. Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Wilfun, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; and all the Members who serve for the Counties 0 1 Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Ffffex, and for the Cinque Ports; and for the Counlies of Chester, Salop, Stafford, and Lancaster; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Robert Vyner Esquire and John Disney Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice ofqlie Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the county of ; and for rc-

storing and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Bradford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; and felting forth, that the said Bill has been reported to the House, after having received an incredihleNumberof Alterations, the greatest Part whereof the Pet itioners allege they are not apprized of: And therefore praying, That a convenient Time be allowed for the Inspection and Examination thereof; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; which, if it should pass into a Law, would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the

y 4 P fame

1

Liverpool

Harbour.

Private

Bufiael*.

Ditto.

Weller’*

Estates.

Witham

Drainage.

Kingston upon Hull Streets.

Ord’s

Estates.

Whitehaven

Harbour,

&c.

u

334 10° Maii. A. 1762.

same Time, in ^Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re$d the Third Time

Tomorrow Morning. t

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act, to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleanfirigand enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for preventing Annoyances

therein;

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That Lord Robert , Lord George

Sackville, Lord Carysfort, be added to the said Committee.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir George Montgomery Melliam reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendment, with their Lordships.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Igborough, in the County of , Part

of the settled Ll'tate late of Henry Ord Esquii f, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to James Nelthorpe Esquire, and his Heirs; and to lay out the Money to be paid for the same in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ul’es therein mentioned; was committed; That t he Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment. And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the 13th Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 7th and 10th Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven-, and for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven-, and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the same with Water, and regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthouse, in the County of Cumberland, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and also for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from

gill, by Keekle, to Weddiker Rigg-, and also the Road to and from the Town of Par ton, and the Road over Win-

feales Moor, to Hunday Gate, in the said County of Cum-

berland-, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read according!}'; iThe House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of‘h is Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly';

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as rellrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and a Half, when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses: And that Mr. Onjloiv, SirzFrancis Vincent, Mr. Peter Burrell, and Mr.

Evelyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

A Bill for applying the Money granted in tlafe Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now uticmbodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the proper Officer 4o lay before this House an Account of the Money arisen at the Receipt of the Exchequer by the additional Stamp Duties, granted by an Act of the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the CJwjrt of Exchequer in Westminster, the Justices of Chester, and the Great Session for the Counties of Wales, from the 5th Day oijidy 1759, to the 5th Day of July 1761; distinguishing each Year; and from the 5th Day of July 1761, to the 5th Day of April.i j6z-, together with the Charge thereupon, and the Deficiency thereof to answer the said Charge, on the 5th Day of April 1762.

The Lord Barrington acquainted the House, That he had received His Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House an Account of a Sum of Money, which, in Pur-fuance of an Act made in the Second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, having been issued and applied out ol^. the Supplies for the Service of the Year 1729, upon Account of Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, has been, by His Majesty’s Direction, replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the said Revenues, which were Handing out qg the Time of his late Majesty’s Demise.

And the Lord Barrington prefen ted the said Account to the House accordingly.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Breadth

of

Wreoon

Wheel*.

Militia Pay and Cloathing.

Account;

Judge*

Salaries.

Account; Civil List.

1

1 A

He

to to'

K1

j

| Me

; (

1 to' - to<

Uj

J

M;

diii

4 P

Si

M.

Co

I '

tat

P

ic;

Dj

P

AN

dot

'u

t

10° Mail

335

a Geo. III.

' k

An ACCOUNT of a Sum of Money, which, in pursuance of an Act made in the 2d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, having been issued and applied out of the Supplies for the Service of the Year 1729, upon Account of Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, has been, by His Majesty’s Direction replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the said Revenues, which were Handing out at the Time of his late Majesty’s Demise. ~ ,

IN pursuance of a Warrant under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, dated the 25th Day of January 1762, there is set apart in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the public Service, out of the- Monies arisen there since the Demise of his late Majesty, on the Duties and Revenues which were granted and made applicable to the Uses of his said late Majesty’s Civil Government, £.

and which were Handing out, and in Arrear, at the Time of his Demise, the Sum of - 115,000 — —

Supply.

Wajn

and

Means.

Durham

Election.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly!

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Durham.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence.

v And they examined several Witnesses, in order to dif-prove the Evidence brought by the Counsel on the other Side, with respect to the Time of giving Notice of a Meeting of the Company of Dyers, on the Second of November last, to One of the Members of the said Company.

Then several ancient Books, belonging to the Corporation of the City of Durham, were produced.

And several Parts thereof were read, in order to prove a continued Usage of admitting Freemen by Redemption, from 1575 to 1677.

And a public Book, belonging to the Company of Dyers of the said City, having been produced;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And One of the Wardens of the said Company was examined, in relation to the said Book.

And Part of the said Book was read;.in order to prove. That, in 1707, a Person was admitted, by Redemption, to be free of the said Company.

'J? VoL. 29.

Then the public Books belonging to the Company of Barbers, and to the Company of Mercers of the said City, were severally produced; and Parts thereof read j in order to prove, that, in the Year 1707, several Persons had been admitted, by Redemption, to be free of the said Companies of Barbers and Mercers respectively.

And, in order to prove that the said Persons, so admitted free, by Redemption, of the said several Companies of Dyers, Barbers, and Mercers respectively, had signed the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City at the next ensuing Election;

A Copy of the Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said City, dated 10th May 1708, was produced; and the Names of those who had signed the said Return were read.

Then the public Books belonging to the Company of Masons of the said City were produced.

And several Parts thereof were read; in order to prove, that several Persons were, in the latter End of the Year 1721* admitted, by Redemption, to be free of the said Company; and to prove, that several of the Persons, so admitted, had polled at the ensuing Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, in 1722.

The original Poll, taken at the said Election in 1722, was produced, and Part thereof was read.

Then an Entry in the Book of By-laws of the Corporation of the City of Durham, (which Book had been produced on Tuesday last) containing the Form of the Oath to be taken by Freemen, with a special Direction in the same of the Admission of Foreigners, or Freemen by Redemption, was read.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having gone through, and summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel for John Drake Bainbridge Esquire, Returning Officer at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, did, in part, sum up his Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again di-rested to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

S

let

' v

33*

ii° M

Private

Business.

Ditto.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

C

Liverpool

Habour.

A. 1161.

Martis, 11 Mail \

Anno 2° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762. Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any Private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock-

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, that any "private Business may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and rendermore effectual, and for enlarging the Term and Pow ers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen for prt-serving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Citrpberl'tnd; and forrepairing and amending the High Hoads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour of Whitehaven\ and for lighting the said Town; and supplying the same with Water, and regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salthou/c, in the County of Cumberland, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont; and for putting the said Road under the Power of the Trullees for putting in Execution the said Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and a!so for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Srragill, by Keekle, to Weddiktr Bigg; and also the Road to and from the Town of Barton, and the Road over Moor

to Hunday Gate, in the said County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town; and Supplying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson, do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers, granted, by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several Acts,' relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock; and for making a another Dock, with proper Pie.«, in the said Harbour; and for erecting Light-houses, and other proper Lights, in or near the Port of Liverpool.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. L. 32. After " rendering, " insert " to the Owner."

Pr. 21. L. 15. After " any," insert " such,"

Pr. 30. L. 21. After " Conveyances,’’leave out " and, " and insert " or Conveyances, Assurance, or."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cunlifdo carry the Bill to the;

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forexplainingandamending the Marriage Settlement, of Edward Lord Winterton, in the Kingdom of Irelattd, by impowering him to fell Part of the Estates, in the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Ntherein comprised,

and for laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, of equal, or greater Value, to be settled to the Uses of the said Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third '1'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ixnds, intituled, An Act for reclfying a Mistake, in the Name ol’One of the Trustees in the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington, his Wife, was committed, That the Committee hail examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Nor they reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled An Act for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the Use of Frances late Mar-chioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, his Twro Daughters, and their Issue, in ft rift Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for veiling andfettling the intirePrcmifestothe several Uft stherein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Jgborough, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the

settled Estate late of Henry Ord Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to James Esquire,

and his Heirs, and to lay out the Money to he paid for the same in the Purchase of other Lands and Ilerdifa-ments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. WilbrahaBootle do carry the Bill to the I-ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Ordered That the Order of the Day for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and

dividing

Lord Wintrr on's ]

M.-ri ia-e ! 6c uitrocn:.

E^rl of ;v Harrington^ JVlarrugc Sat eroent.

1

1

Duke of Sbmerftt’* Efhta.

Ordv. r Efcte*

Rotherhsfl

Inclolirc.

Message from ike King.

Durham

Election.

a Geo. III. ii° — i

33.7

dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of in the County of York, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Amendments.

And the Four first of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word "Mines" these Words, " such Lord, or Lords, making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage that any Owner, or Occupier of Lands, ilia.ll fuilain by the winning or working such Mines."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Beckford do'carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Lord Barrington acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker; (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty relying on the known Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering, that in this Conjuncture Emergencies may arise, which maybe of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most pernicious Consequences, if proper Means should not immediately be applied to prevent, or defeat them: And His Majesty also taking into His most serious Consideration the imminent Danger with which the Kingdom of Portugal, an ancient and natural Ally of His Crown, is threatened by the Powers now in open War with His Majesty, and of what Importance the Preservation of that Kingdom is to the Commercial Interests of this Country, is desirous that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of His Enemies, against His Majesty, or His Allies; and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, -proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Durham.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for John Drake Bainbridge Esquire, Returning Officer at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, finished the summing up of his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Major General Lambton, and for the Freemen of the City of Durham, w ho have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Vol. 29.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the 215 Persons made, or pretended to be made, free of the City of Durham, since the Death of Henry Lambton Esquire, late Member of Parliament for the said City, had not a Right to vote in the late Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said, City;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller.for he Yea,:^ jsS.

Tellers for the Noes: J C

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Ralph Goivland Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham;

Mr. Goivland withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That Ralph Goivland Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of D

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Major General John Lambton is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return lor the City of Durham, by razing out the Name of Ralph Goivland Esquire, and inserting the Name ol John Lambton Esquire instead thereof.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for draining and preserving certain low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River William, in the County of Lincoln-, and for raftering and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Brayford Meer, in the City of Lincoln,

through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; be read the I hird lime, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 120 Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Praters.

✓ \Rdered, That Mr. Fuller do carry to the Lords the ingrossed BilLfor_inclosing -and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the ' Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with an Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Trustees, in the Settlement made upon the Marriage of . the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington with the Right Honourable Carolina Countess of Harrington, his Wife, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

4 Q Ordered,

Witham

Drainage.

Rotherham

Inclosure.

Earl of Harriagton’a Marriage Settlement.

Durham

ElcAitn.

Batteries on the Seacoaft.

Witham

Drainage.

338

Ordered, That Colonel Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this house hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veftiqg certain Mafiuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Sluffex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Vfes; and for other Pur-pafestherein mentioned: And that Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cocks, and Mr. Earle, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, for draining and preferring certain low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from Bradford Meer, in the City of Lincoln, through tfae Borough of Boston, to the Sea;

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of Robert Esquire, and John Difuey Esquire, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the Bill, was heard.

And then the Covtnfel for the Bill were heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Hill.

And the Amendment following was proposed to be made ta the Bill; viz.

1762.

Pr. 29. L. 20. To leave out from " Persons" to " shall," in L. 22.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the I/igh Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea.

And then the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The house being informed that Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

An Account of the Money arisen at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the additional Stamp Duties, granted, by an Act of the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Justices of Chester, and the

Great Session of the Counties of Wales, from the 5 th Day of July 1759, to the 5th Day of July 1761, dil-tinguishing each Year; and from the 5th Day of July 1761, to the 5th Day of A 1762; together with the Charge thereupon, and the Deficiency thereof to answer the said Charge, on the 5th Day of April 1762.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

ii° Mali.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money arisen at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the additional Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the 3 2d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Justices of Chester, and the Great Session of the Counties of Wales, from the 5th Day of July 1759, to the 5th Day of July 1761, distinguishing each Year; and from the 5th Day of July 1761, to the 5th Day of Aprilx 762; together with the Charge thereupon, and the Deficiency thereof to answer the said Charge, on the 5th Day of April 1762.

The Charge on the additional Stamp Duties, from the 5th Day of July 1759, to the 5th Day of April 1762, amounts to the Sum, of -

Money arisen at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the 5th July 1759* to the 5th Day of July 1760 -

From the 5th July 1760, to the 5th Day of July 1761 -

From the 5th July.1^6 1,. to the 5th Day of April 176.2 - -

Deficiency on the 5th Day of April 176a

£ s. d.

d. »9>937 10 —

£- s.

5>712 IO IO

6,227 2 3

4,448 IO z 16,388 8 S

- m 3>549 6 9>

Exchequer, the 12 th Day of May, 1762.

Edward

Account; Judges Sabnci.

a Geo. III. n° — 130 — 140 Mail, 339

Supply*

\rr

1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been itfued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addredes of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman, Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

an ancient and natural Ally of His Majesty’s Crown, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint and defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of His Enemies against His Majesty, or His Allies, and as the Exigency of affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued, pursuant to an Address of this House to His Majesty, to Jeremiah Dyson Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, from the beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain, to the End of the last Session of Parliament; and all'o towards defraying the Expence of making and printing Indexes to the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Volumes of the Journals of this House, which have been already printed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 140 die Maii;

- v

Anno 2° Georgii IIP'*Regis, 1762.

yovisy 130 die Maii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Wwte f\Rdered., That leave be given to move the House To-

Jttfinefi. morrow, that any private Business may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

Bjtttrit* Sir Charles Frederick presented to the House, accord-00 the ing to Order, a BUI for vesting certain Messuages,

SoCoast. Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, lor certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein ment ioned: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

todth Mr. Onslow presented to the House, according to of Order, a Bill or repealing so much of an Act, made in IS iW ear of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairingaud amending the Highways of tin's Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a Jess Breadtli than Two Inches and an half, when worn, from being drawn with more than Three Horses: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sapper Air. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to I Its Majesty, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762; and to alii ft the Kingdom of Portugal, Vol. 2ft.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in Pursuance of the Private Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to Bufinde move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, afterTwo of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Somerfcf* Charles late Duke of Somerset, deceased, as were by him Estates. settled and devised to the Use of Frances late Mar-chioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of ford, his Two Daughters, and their Issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over; and for vesting and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Oidered, That Mr. Norlheydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Air. Graves:

Air. Speaker,

Tl>e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Burhacb for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several to

Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Lei- Witherley, refer and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry; without any Amendment: And a The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Rotherham this House to One of the Amendments made by their indofurei Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Moors, and Common,

Grounds, in the Township of Rotherham, in the County of York: And also.

The Lards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westminster for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, George the

Martyr, Saint George Btoomfbury; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holborn, which lies in the County of

Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy;

and

1

340

140 M.

A’ 176a.

and that Part of the Duchy of which lies in

the County of Middle/?.cand for preventing Annoyances therein; and for ot her Purposes t herein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Helket The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Road^61 ^or widening, repairing, and amending the Road from 04 ’ llejket, by Yeu.es Bridge, to and from

thence, by Lor/on, over Whinlatler, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Roys- and Amblcfide, to Kirlv/ in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from near Kirby

in Kendall aforesaid, to the I^ake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland', and from Keswick afore-, said to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland’, without any Amendment: And also,

Loughborough The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 03 to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of iMughboroagh, to Afdnj de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester-, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor; and through Worthington, and Sutton Bonington, to Rcmpston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

S^r’ne’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ate*’ for veiling certain Estates, in the Parish of Botolph Billingjgaie, London, late the Eliate of William Clapham Gentleman, in Trullees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

London; Mr. Alderman llarley reported from the Committee, Rfiulatiion to whom the Bill to regulate the Slaughtering of Cattle*

° illeri* an(l Sale of Meat, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and topreventtheMifchiefsthatarifefrom driving Cattle within the said City and Liberties; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, following the Trade of a Butcher, or Retailer of Meat, in the City of London, and Liberties thereof; was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Batteries A Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tene-on^he ments, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coalls, in the Sea oalt. Counties of Kent, SujQex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trullees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Breadth A Bill for repealing so much of an Act made in the of Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King the

Wheels? First> intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and an Half, when worn, from being drawn

with more than Three Hoffes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onfozv,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Alderman Mr. Earle,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkin-

son, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Forrester, Ix>rd Carysfort, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Turner, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ba-

con, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Gibn Mr. Bailer, Mr. Vane, Mr. Beji, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Ward

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Honywood, General Bof-caioen, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Lord j

If interton, Mr. Hume, Sir William Mr. Nor- j

ris, Mr. Upton, Mr. Rice, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Chaplin, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Vernon, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, '

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Jounuk End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, be printed, for the Use of the Members of this House, in the same Method, and under the same Regulations, as were directed by the Orders of this House, of the 26th Day of May 1756, with relation to such Part of the Journals of this House as was then ordered to be printed.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bedford, Admiral Wtlfer’* Coates, Colonel Berkeley, Lord Pulteney, be added to ®®*tes. the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Eliate of John Weller, Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold to pay off j

Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to lay out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Mnit» solve itself intoa Committeeof the whole House upon the Payand Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Cloatbinj. Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- '

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. i

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Wayj

House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ana

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- Means, ing the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And a Motion being made, that it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Deficiency of the Fund eftatyliflied by an Act made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the several Judges and Justices of England and Wales, mentioned in the said Act, to answer the Payment of the several annual Sums charged thereupon;

The Lord Barrington, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to consider of a proper Method of providing for, and securing, the Payment of the several annual Sums charged upon the said Fund.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Com- j

mittee. That they do consider of the Deficiency of the said

1 Geo. III.

148 — 17* Mail.

34i

said Fond, to answer the Payment of the several annual Sums charged thereupon.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money arisen at the Receipt of the Exchequer by the additional Stamp Duties, granted by an Act of the 3?d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for augmenting the Salaries of Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at fVrftminft.tr, the Justices of Chester, and the Great Session of the Counties of from the 5th

Day of July 1759,to the 5th Day of 1761, distinguishing each Year; and, from the 5th Day of July 1761, to the 5th Day of April 17; together with the

Lung) 17* Maii \

Anno 2* Georgii III*" Regis, 1762*

Prayers.

MR. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed, for repairing and Charge thereupon, and the Deficiency thereof to answer amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains the said Charge, on the 5th Day of April 1762; be re- all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less ferred to the said Committee. Breadth than Two Inches and an Half, when worn, from

Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th of April being drawn with more than Three Horses, was com-1761, be referred to the said Committee. mitted. That the Committee had gone through the Bill*

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the lotbOSober and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had 1761, be referred to the said Committee. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the Account of a Sum of Money, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; which, in Pursuance of an Act made in the Second Year with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where of his late Majesty's Reign, having been issued and ap- the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Ques-plied out of the Supplies for the Servile of the Year tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Breadth

of

Wheels.

1729, upon Account of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revetiues, has been, by his Majesty’s Direction, replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the said Revenues, which were Handing out at the Time of his late Majesty’s Demise, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money granted by ment for the Borough in the County of

an Act 31* Georgii iM,towards defraying the Charge of in the Room of John Parker Esquire, who.

Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for the Year 1758, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

Bodmjra

Writ.

and for defraying such Expences as wereactually in- the Office of Steward, or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three

..... Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough,&nd Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

curred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year 1757, how much thereof hath been issued and how much remained in the Exchequer undisposed of on the 5 th of April 1762; and also Accounts of the Monies remaining uniffued at the Exchequer on the said 5th of April 1762, which were granted by an Act 33 Geo. a.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present

But*

Writ*

towards defray ing the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing Parliament for the Shire of Bute, in the Room of James for the unembodied Militia, for the Yearended the 25th Stewart Esquire, deceased.

Day of March 1761, and of the Money granted by an

A ft of the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the unembodied Militia, for the Year ended the 25th Day of March I’jfap.,be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that re-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho\ford, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Steven

mained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland through Day of January 1762, of the several Duties on Malt Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of established by'an Act 33 Georgii 2, for paying Annuities Lancaster; and from Brecken Bar Gate, near AJkrigg, granted Amo 1760, after satisfying all Charges and In- in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby . cumbrances thereupon to that Time, be referred to the dais and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in

Sedbergh

Ac.

Kradt.

said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg lending from Appleby to Kirkby Kein the said County of Westmoreland; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called the Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln;and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincolns through the Borough of Boston, to the Sea; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields and Com-

Witham

Drainage.

Wintriajfun,

Incloser*'

monable Lands, within the the Manor and Parish of And then the House adjourned t$Il Monday Morp- in the County of Lincoln; without any

ing next. Nine of the Clock'

ot

29.

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, That any Private Business may be entered HjKM'in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the

4 R Mr.

triratt

lufittdw

34*

i7° Mali.

A. 176

2.

Way*

and

Means.

i.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Fifteen thousand Pounds, granted by an Act made in the Second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, upon Account of Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and now, by His Majesty’s Direction, replaced and refunded out of the Arrears of the said Revenues, which were Handing out at the Time of his late Majesty’s Demise, be issued and applied towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-efly in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being part the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, granted to his late Majesty in the Year 1758, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia for the Year 1758; and for defraying such Expences as were actually incurred upon the Account of the Militia in the Year 1757, be issued and applied towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, remaining In the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his late Majesty in the Year 1760, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing for the unembodied Militia for the Year ended the 25th of March 1761, be issued and applied towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pity of the Militia of that Part of Great Britian called England, when unembodied; and of the Cloathing of the Part of the Militia then unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1761; be issued and applied toward raising the Supply granted to His Majesty in his Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventy-three thousand Six hundred Seventy-eight Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Surplus of the several Duties on Malt, eliabJished by an Act made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities granted in the Year 1760, alter satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to the 5 th Day of January 1762, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Nine thousand Two hundred Seventeen Pounds Two Shillings, and Eight Pence Halfpeny, out of such Monies as shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Excess'es, or overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the -Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund. ’ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good an Pfecuring the Payment . of the.Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the 3zd Year of the Reign' of his late Majesty, to be ap-

Slieil in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges and uliices‘therein mentioned, within England and JEales, . there be granted to His Majesty an additional Stamp: 19

Duty of Two Pounds, upon every Piece of Velhim or

Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Admission into any of the Four Inns of Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good and securing the Payment of the said Sums, there be granted to His Majesty an additional Stamp Duty of Two Pounds, upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, or written, any Register. Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, of the Degree of Utter Barrister, taken in any of the Four Inns of Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the 17th Day of March lall, were reported from lhc Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Copy of Letters Patent for granting an Annuity to the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire; and also the Account of the Payments on the Grant of f3,000 per Annum, from His Majesty, to the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire; and were then agreed to by the House; might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two thousand One " hundred Thirty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and " Three Pence Halfpeny, be granted to Ills Majesty " out of the Aggregate Fund, to make good to His <( Majesty such Expences as have been incurred by His Majesty, upon Account of the Annuity granted by " His Majesty’s Letters Patent, of the 201I1 Day of " April 1761, to the Right honourable Arthur Onjlozo

" Esquire, late Speaker of this House."

" Resolved, That the annual Sum of Three'thousand " Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund, to commence from the 5th Day of Jonuary 1762, and to continue during the Lives of the " Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire, and of " his Son George Onslow Esquire, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, to be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the said Arthur Onslow, in lieu of " the Annuity granted to him by His Majesty’s Letters " Patent of the 20th Day of April 1761

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills he brought in, pursuatit to the said Resolutions; and also purfiumt lo the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole. House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed to by the house: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, the Lord Barrington, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

West, and Mr. Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfolf into ' a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of . Kent, Suffer^ and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cocks took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

3

fcitferie* on the SeaCoalli*

2 Geo. III. 170 — 18 343

V

Batteries Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, That they affecting the fame; and to lay out the Surplus of the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Money arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of

01 meats thereunto; which they had directed him to other Lands, to be settled to the Lies of the Will of the

report, when the House will please to receive the said John Weller-, was committed; Tint the Committee fame. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow same to be true; and that the Parries concerned i.ad Morning. given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

Committee; and that the Committee had gone through Militia The other Order of the Day being read; the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

.fy*1 Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- which they had directed him to report to the House;

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and h read the Report in his Place; and afterwarJs de-

upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as the Pay of the Militiaof that Bart of Great Britain called followed);

England, when unembodied; and of the Cloathing of Pr. 4. L. 10. Leave out " John," and insert " Tho-the Part of the said Militia now unembodied, for One " ."

Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762 L. 19. Leave out " and insert "

* mas."

And then the House adjourned tillTo-morrowMorn- The laid Amendments being severally read a Second ing. Nine of the Clock. Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-

upon, agreed to by the House.

Martis, 18° die Matt;

Anno 2* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Alphabetical List of the Persons. Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the 5th of July 1762, shall have given Notice of, and paid Duty for, any Quantity of Silver Plate, at the several Excise Offices in Great Britain, from the 5th of July 1756, to the 5th of July 1762, distinguishing what Quantity each Person, Body Politic or Corporate, has given Notice of

Accounts Silver Pact and Coach Duties.

Wwte |1H E House being moved, in pursuance of the Or- ,n each Yea*r respectively; and what Duty has been

der made Yesterday, That Leave be given to paid for the same.

Dit-o.

Cwrv’i ilbuet.

iofl’i*’* Kame.

Write*

EfUte*.

move the House this Day, that any private Business might be eutered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, That any private Business may be entered upon in the House Tomorrow, after Two of the Clock.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Care:o of Crowcombe, in the County of Esquire,

and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committ.ee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately cal'e 1 Charles Loraine, and his Heirs, to take and life the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith

Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ami that the Committee liad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do prepare, in order to be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Alphabetical List of the Persons, who, on the 5th of July 1762, shall have given Notice of, and paid I)uty for, Coaches or other Carriages, at the several Offices of Excise in Great

tain, from the 5th of April 1756, (at which Time the former Account, laid before this House, ended) to the 5th of July 1762, distinguishing the Carriages each Person has given Notice of in each. Year respectively, and the Duty paid for the same

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to JuJie»’S»i«rir«J His Majesty, that he will begraciously pleased to order such Sum, or Sums of Money, to be advanced and applied towards making good the Deficiency of the Fund, established by an Act, made in the 32d Year of hisjate Majesty’s Reign, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the several J ndges ami Justices of England and therein mentioned, as will be sufficient to answer the Payment of the several annual Stuns charged upon the said Fund, to the 5th Day of April 1762, and to allure His Majesty, that tin's House will make good the same to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Supply BUI

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Pur- certainnfu«n. poses therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. WilbrahamBootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Weller Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of ftent and

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Supply BiH» cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a S'nk‘D*F"ml certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applyingcertain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Year 1762, and for lettiing and securing a certain Annuity, for the Use of the Right Honourable Arthur

Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off Incumbrances Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the HI Vox.. 29. Fin*

0

it

it

544 ' 18* — 19

Five Parliaments: And the same was received; and read the First Time. -/

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

jadgn'Saiarw*. Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act, made in the 3id Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of and the

Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Thzt the Bill be read a Second Time.

Batteries Mr. Cocks, according to Order, reported from the on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sea Coasta. veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, in which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where theAmendmentswereoncereadthroughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Breadth An ing ofled Bill for repealing so much of an Act, of made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

Waggon George the Fijft, intituled, An Act for making more Wheels, effectual the several Acts passed for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as restrains all Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breath than Two Inches and an half, when worn, from deing drawn with more than Three Horses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pads: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, as restrains Waggons travelling for Hire, with Wheels of a less Breadth than Two Inches and an half, from being drawn with more than Three Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-MiBtk ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, c&jPj1 upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this ' Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloathing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25thDay oi March 176a.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail. A. 1761.

Mercurii \ 190 die Maii;

Anno 2* Georgii II. IlU Regis, 1762,

Pray* as.

ORD George Cavendish reported tg the House, SalT

-U That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty , would be graciously plealed to order such Sum, or Sums of Money to be advanced and applied, towards making j

good the Deficiency of the Fund, established by an Act, made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the several Judges and Justices of England and Wales, therein mentioned, as will be sufficient to answer the Payment of the several annual Sums charged upon the said Fund, to the 5th Day of April 1762, and to allure His Majesty that'this House will make good the same to His Majesty) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The House being moved, in Pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the Bafiaefi. House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock.. j

Ordered, That any private Bufinefe may be entered upon this Day, though it be after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate oi Thomas Carew, . kkta. of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do paf*

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordau do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ing offed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act WeikA . for vesting the settled Estate of John Weller Esquire, de- Kftaefc ceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to lay out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint thfcm, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying cer- *inWl,f tain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1762, and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the last Five Parliaments, was read a Second Time.

Rofolved, Thai the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enablin g His Majesty to raise a certain Sum Supply Bill I of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, 1

was read a Second Time. «cruuu Sua.

r r

2 Geo III.

19° — -20® Mali.

345

Jodies

Salaries.

h

u

L^nine’s

.Name.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for better securing the Payment- of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tile Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif, in the Court of Exchequer at , and the Justices of Cliefer, and the Great Sessions for the

Counties in Wales, for the Time being, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately called Charles Lnraine, and his Heirs to lake and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Richard Smith, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Pell do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett do carry the Bill

Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other Parts of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, entailed by the Will of the Moll noble Charles Noel, Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, and for impowering the Guardian and Trustees, named in the said Will, to make Leases of the said Duke’s Estates in the Counties of Gloucrster, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of

hisChildren; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and the delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s.

Ordered, That Colonel Berkeley do carry I he Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying

Dik; of Beaulo, tf* Eilate*.

Militia } Pay and Clothing.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. " ....

Batteries on the Sea Coaits.

t*

fa

An ingrossed Bill for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, relating to the Use and Disposition of the Lands vt lied by the Bill.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 18. After " Lands," to insert " therein after mentioned."

Pr. 6.1. 10. After " determined," to insert "and reasonable and just Coinpensation and Satisfaction shall be made for the fame."

Great Britain culled England when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pk afe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow ‘Morning.

And then the

Morning, Nine

House adjourned of the Cio

till Tomorrow

v-iV.

Jovis, 2 o° Matt;

Anno n* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Pr. 14. I. 1. To leave out from " by," to "any,

the

erecting

m

or

I. 3. ami insert completing of."

1. 4. To leave out " or by any other Means whatsoever,"

]. 11. To leave out from "Decrees," to " provided" in 1. 19.

And the said Amendments were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved., That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Suffix, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do curry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Vol. 29.

Praveks.

TpEjolved, That an humble Address be prefonted to His Majesty, That be will be graciously pleased so confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Keverend Mr. Richard Cujl, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to Mis Majesty by such Members of this I louse as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable P/ivy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do blue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to servein this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable George Montagu, commonly called Lord Vifeouut Mandeville, now Duke of Mancliesler, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money, granted in this Session of ParJia-

4 S meat.

C?»a plain n iiic House.

Huntingdon

W..u

fthltril;

Pay and Clothing

34& 20° — 2

ment, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sunnljr Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Smiting F«id. ref0|ve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Onjloiv, Speaker of the House of Commons in

the lall Five Parliaments:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinjtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill The Order of the Day being read, for the House to raisino resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cJLTn, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certan Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

The House was moved, that the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Earl, of Liverpool, Merchant, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said William Earl, in respect of a Quantity of White Salt, loft by the Wreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Powtr to receive a Clause for allowing Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties, omitted to be paid upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickin/ from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made

10 Mali. A. 1762.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Judges whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Pay- Salad* ment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickin/ontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 21° die Mali;

Anno 2* Georgii IIP1' Regis, x 762.

Pray rr s.

IO R D George Cavendi/li reported to the House, chaplai* .4 That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty to the would be pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church Moute. upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Cvfl., Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, That he will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr.

Richard Cujt, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to EaltLooe the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Writ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Francis Esquire,

deceased.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report- Supply Bill j ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Smk"*fttad-the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1762; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the last Five Parliaments; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

>lr.

e

a Geo. III. zi9 — 240 Mali. 347

Supply Bill j Alderman Dickinfo according to Order, re-

SSL p-?"^ horn the Committee of the whole House, to ' whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

faJanel Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the $26 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices at Chester, and the Great Sellious for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lutice, 240 die Maitj

for the Payment of the Stamp Duties omitted to be paid upon Admission into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to offices therein; and for the Relief of William Earl, in respect of a Quantity of White Salt, loll by the Wreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted in Militia this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge Pay a|><l

of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain ot u"®‘

called England, when unembodied; and for the Clothing of the Part of the said M ilitia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred; and Sixty-two was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of thousand

Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

Ordered, That Sir John Tamer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the 33d Salaries. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the 32d Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund

Anno 2* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund;

in the Court of Exchequer at , and the Juf-

tices of Chester, and the Great Sessions lor the Counties in Wales, for the Time being.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Onfloiv, Speaker of the House of Commons in the lall Five Parliaments; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to Majesty a certain Smn of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1762; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Onslow, Speaker of the House of Commons in the lall Five Parliaments.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

{upply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for enabling I lis Majesty to raise a forraifing certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein [iceruiiiSum. mentioned was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harl>o«r of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and d own of Whitehaven-, and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tw’enty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act or repairing and widening the Road from Co/ham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the

tioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies grant- settled Ellate of John Welle?', Esquire, deceased, lying in ed in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing Time the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, Vol. 29. to

Whi rehnven Harbour,

Costam so Chichester Road.

Wear's

Ellate*.

Weobly

Writ.

Kingston UpOll Hull Streets*

Supply Bill; inkingFuml.

Supply Bill; fur mifing a certain Sum.

Judge*

Salaries.

Militia; Pay and Clothing.

348 240 Mail. — 2 0 A. 1762.

to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame; and to lay ning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Se-out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale (if ven hundred and Sixty-two; without any Amendment: any) in the Purchase of other I^ands, to he settled to And also,

the Uses of the Will of the said John Weller. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bittrri*

And then the Messengers withdrew. for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- on the

ments, upon the Sea Coalls, in the Counties of Kent, Sca Coifis' And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries Sevennight, the ad Day of June next, Nine have been erected for the Defence of the said Coalls, in of the Clock in the Morning. Trustees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes there-

in mentioned; without any Amendment.

__________ And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mercurii, 2° die J;

Anno i* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

flRdered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, in the Room of the Most honourable William Hairy Cavendish Bent inch, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Titchfield, now Duke of Portland, called

up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Benue! t and Mr. Edzvards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infill upon the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill; intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingslop up’a/ Hull;and for preventing Annoyances

therein; to which the Commons have disagreed: And also,

'Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two; and for settling and figuring a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right honourable Arthur Speaker of the

House of Commons in the lull Five Parliaments; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling 11 is Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

and for allowing further Time

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Buckingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right ho-

nourable George Grenville, FTquire, who, since his Flection for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burge.'s to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Barrington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, fittce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Iffae his Warrant to Selkirk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of Gilbert Elliot, Esquire, v\ ho.since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Mel Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Francis Da/huood, Baronet, who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of I lis Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Weymouti

Writ. 1

Session of Parliament; ami «oi aiiyning luimci . , -. r r ., . r . t> r

for the IWo.tof the StampDutiesomitte.1 to he paid «* «£* ""rff? t?/''" th" Prff»2‘ Pa;h%

AHiiilKon. into or Comnanies. an.l "tent for the Iforough of kng in the County of

Norfolk, in the room of Sir John Turner, Baronet, who since his Election so: the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing

Kin1’* L'«l Writ. I

tinon Admiiiions into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein; and for the Relief of William Ear I,in respost of a Quantity of White Salt, loft by the Wreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the

the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Cockermc* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermout in the County of

Puisne j udges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges Cumberland, in the room of Charles Jenkinson, Esquire, in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Juf- cepted the Office of Treasurer and Paymaster of His tires of Chester, and the Great Selfious for the Counties Majesty’s Ordnance, in Wales, for the Time being; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of t he Pay of the Militia of that Pait of Great Britain called England, when unembodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unembodied, for One Year, begin-

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus son. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at- Roy»l AS| tend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers, " Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up 1 ‘ to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where \

His

i Geo. III. 2 Junii. 349

His Majesty was pleasecl to give the Royal A (Tent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1762; and for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the I fe of the Right honourable Arthur (hjloio, Speaker of the House of Commons in the lad Five Parliaments:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties omitted to be paid upon Admitlions into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein; and for the Relief of William Earl, in respect of a Quantity of White Salt loft by the \Vreck of a Ship near the Harbour of Dublin:

An Act for better securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bene h, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at West--minster, and the J11 dices of Chester, and the Great Sedioiis for the Counties in I Vales, for the time being: An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unemhodied; and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, now unemhodied, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two:

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coafis in the Counties of Kent, Suffexy and Sourhamptony on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coails, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for importing Salt, from Europe, into the Colony of Nova Scotia in America:

An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and for extending the Provisions thereof to H is Majesty’s Colonies in America:

An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, as Officers or Soldiers in His Majesty’s Royal American Regiment, or as Engineers in America:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Firl!, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Intent and Meaning of former Statutes made again!! (hooting in Guns; and for the Preservation of the Game of Phea-fants and Partridges; and again!! the deliroying of Hares with Hare-pipes, and tracing Hares in the Snow; as relates to the Preservation of House Doves and Pidgcons; by making the Manner of convicting such Person or Persons, as llin.ll offend therein, more eaiy and expeditious: An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds, by Peri’ons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames:

An Act for keeping regular, uniform, and annual Registers of all Parish Poor Infants, under a certain Age, within the Bills of Mortality:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protellant Purchasers:

An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Ofiices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for Vol. 29.

those Purposes; and for the Making and Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Cierkfiiin:

An Act for enabliugthe Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to make an Adjournment of the said Court,

for such Time, betwixt the lweutieth Day of December and the Fifteenth Day of yearly, as they

shall judge most convenient, uot exceeding Twenty Days:

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster ;the Puriffies of Saint Giles in

the Fields;Saint George the Martyr, Saint George,

Bloomsbury; that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, llolboum, which lies in the county of ; the

several Liberties of the Rolls and Savon; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which lies in the County of Middlesex.; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act fi/r draining and pres< ivingcertain Low Lands, called the Fens, h ingon both Sides of t he River in the County of Lincoln-, and for restori.ig and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Bojlvn, to the Sea:

An Act for enlarging and improving the N orth East Avenue of London Bridge:

An Act, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act to impower the Commissioners and Trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the rirft, for makingmore effectual an Act made in the Ninth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and forreftoring the Harbour of Rye, in the Count v of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye-, to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut, or Channel, made in pursuance of the said Act of the Tenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, as far as a Wall called Wind .{tea:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Po w ers granted l>v an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there, and for enlightening the said Dock; and for making another Dock, with proper Piers, in the said Harbour; and for crofting Light Houses, and other proper Lights, in or near the Port of Liverpool:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of haven, in the County of Cumberland; and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town, and, supplying the same w'ifh Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge to Egremontand directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon and for preventing

Annoyances therein:

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester;and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to llartcliffe in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual;

4 T so

Royal A (Tent to Bill?;

Royal

Assent

to

Bills.

350

so far as the same relates to the said Road between Dun-

casler and Sailer's Brook:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from FlimwdlVent, in the County of Suffer, through gale, in the County of Kent; and the I’arilhes of hurfi, Netvcnden, and Northtam, to in the said

County of Suffers and from High gate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Suffer and to Tabb's Lake, in the said County of

An Act for repairing and widening the Hoads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Slone Bridge, to Peter’s Gale, in Stamford, in the County of and from thence to the South-End of the Town of Marco!, in t lie County of Rutland:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late M dr-iiv, intituled, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from which

dh'id-'s the j’arithes of Pucklechurch and in

the County of Ghucefier, to Mafford Bridge, in the County of ll dls;and also from afore 'aid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish:

An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North Knd of Ballingdon in

S’ldbunt, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said County:

An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Pott Road near the Town of by Baron's Water, through A/ford, to the Town and

Port -E Ilv'he, in the County of and from

Water to a certa n Cane called in

lK-ar the City of Canterbury

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual, an Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Hoads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh-, and all'o the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to in

Mochtiant, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for amending and widening the Hoad from the Market Hctife in Stourbridge to Colley Gate, in Crad-ley; and from Pedmoreto Holly and from Colly Gate to llalefuiven; and from the Turnpike Hoad on Dudla/ Wood, to Rednall Green, in the Parish of King’s Norton-, and from Carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at North-

field in the Counties of WorcejieStafford, and Salop: An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, fevi nd Roads leading front Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazelcy, and the Turnpike Gate on

Abbe rleu Hill, in the Counties of Salop an 1 Worcester: An Act for explaining and amending so much of I’wo Acts of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick as relates to the Road between Hinckley and

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry:

An Act for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Ilejket, by Lewes Bridge, to Cocker mouth, and from thence, by Lorton, over to Kef-

wick, in the County of Cuand from Kef-wick, by Dummail Rays and to Kirby in Ken-

dall, in the County of Westmoreand from Plumb-garth’s Cross, near Kirby i Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Kefivickaforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for ameuding, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de in the County of Leicester; and for repairing and widening the

*7

17

Road brnnehingoutof the said Road, at Coleorfon Church, over Culeorton Moor, and through Worthington and Silt-ton Bonington, toRem/fion, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kir If by Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Wefi-moreland, through Stdhergh, to Greet a Bridge, in the County Palatine o f Lancaster; and Iron) Braclm Bar Gate, near AJkrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kir/«by Kendal; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends', in Marthicaiie, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg llause, leading from Appleby to Kirk by Kendal, ill the said County of IVc/fmoreland:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Co/ham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichefitr:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Manor of Sicnleii Brn k End, in the Parish of Shenley, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Quor?uio?J, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Commons, Common Heaths, and Wall*Grounds, in the Parish of Portesham, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Evemcood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Failures, and Pieces or Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Sproallty, in Ilol-demefs, in the County of York:

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing Common Fields,(’ominous. Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Townilcps, or Hamlets of Drivghoe, Uptun, and Brough, in the Parish of Skip/c<r in IlolJtr-iuj<, in the Fait Riding of the County f 1 ork:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground.-, of, and in, the Manor, Pai fn, and 1 ifierii*s of 71 wvv/rr, wth the Hamlets of H\.od Boycott and Culdcccte, in this County of Northampton:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fh Ms, Moors, and Common Grounds, in the Tow nth ip of Rotherham, in the County of York:

An Act for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of IVintringham, in ttie County of Lincoln:

An Act for repealing Part, and explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates. entailed by the Will of the Molt noble Charles Nod, Duke of Beaufort, deceased, in Trustees, tc. be fold, and for purchasing other 1 Hates, to be settled to the Uses, and for impowering the Guardian and T* nin es, named in the said Will, to make Leases of the fakl Duke’s Estates, in the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the Minority of his Children:

An Act confirming a Partition of so many of the Estates of Charles late Duke of Somerfel, deceased, as were by him settled and deviled to the Use of Frances late Marchioness of Granby, and of Charlotte Countess of Aylesford, his Two Daughters, and their Issue, in strict Settlement, with several Remainders over, and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of One of the Trustees in the Settlement, made upon the Marriage of the Right honourable William Earl of Harrington with the Right honourable Carolina Countess of Hairingion, bit) Wife:

An

20 Jun

2 Geo. III. 2° Juni351

An Act for explaining and amending the Marriage Settlement of Ethcard Lord IVi.in the Kingdom of Ireland, by impowering him to fell Part of the Estates in the Counties, of Suffix, Surand Norfolk, therein

comprised, and for laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, of equal, or greater value, to be settled for the Lies of the said M arriage Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Sir Baro-

net, to grant a Lease, or Leases, of Part of his settled Estate, for the Improvement thereof, pursuant to a Contract by him entered into for lhat Purpose:

An Act for reding the Capital Messuage, with the Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the Parish of Edmonton, and at Irian Barnet’, in the County of Middle/ix, and at Iiajt Barnett, in the County id Hertford, late Part of the Estate of James Colehrooke, Esquire, deceased, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Baronet,

in him and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Surrey and,

of equal Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for discharging certain I^ealchold Houses and Tenements, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of ILant'rcys Ram, Esquire, from the Trulls of that Settlement, and for settling Freehold Houses of greater Value in lieu thereof.

An Act for velting a Tofl, or Scite, of a Copyhold JJotife in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, lately pulled down, in i nitios, to be sold, leased, or otherwise tlifposed of, for the Benefit of the Periling claiming - under the Will of Matthias , Gentleman, de-

ceased; and for impowering John Perkins, his Son, to make such Leases of his Ed ate at Richmond and Tud-dinyton, as are therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging divers Lands, E(bites, and H ereditaments, deviled by the Will of Thomas Rugglcs, Esquire, deceased, from die Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for fettifnq* other Lands and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for velting the settled Eliate, late of Ralph Je nifoiu Esquire, deceit fed, at Great Wa'zoorth, in the County of Durham, in Trustees, in Trust, to be conveyed to John Dixon, Gentleman, and his Ileirs, pursuant Co a Decree, and subsequent Orders of the Court of Chancery at Durham:

An Act to enable Joseph Fell, Esquire, to make a Lease of a Farm and Lands in Walthainjlowe, in the County of Efflfx, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years:

An Act to enable John llolden. Gentleman, and Thomas Holden, his Son, an Infant, and their Trustees, to raise the Sum of One thousand Pounds upon cert ain Estates in Leicestershire and Warwick shire, or on a sufficienfc Part thereof, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Two Acres of Land, in Walton upon Thames, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to the Executors of Samuel Dicker, Esquire, for the Benefit of Man/ Driver, an Infant:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Ighorough, in the County of Mo rfolk.

Part of the settled Ertate late of Henry Ord, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to convey the same to James Nellhorpe, Esquire, and his Heirs, and to lay out the Money, to be paid for the same, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Billingsgate, London, Lite the Estate of William Clapham, Gentleman, in Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of Part of the settled Ertate of Thomas Carew, of CrazvCombe, in the County of Somerset,

VOL, ip.

Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, Royal

of greater Value, in lieu thereof, 10 the same Uses; Afont

An Act for vesting the settled Ertate of John Weller,

Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Kent and Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to lay out the Surplus of t/ie Money, arising by such Sale (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of ttie Will of the said John Weller:

An Act to enable William Richards and Edward Richards, Infants, and their Heirs, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of Roger Powell, Esquire, deceased:

An Act to*enable Charles Smith, an Infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his Hftrs, to take a d use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Rickard Smith, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for Naturalizing Luke Wettjlein, Peter Texier, junior, and Daniel Gay:

An Act for naturalizing John Doerner.

After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Public Business, for which you were assemMed, ThcKftg1* being now happily concluded, the advanced Sea foil of Speech, the Year calls upon Me to put an End to this Session of Parliament 3 which I cannot do without expressing the highell Approbation of the Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, which have so signaJIy appeared in the (Joui fc of your Proceedings.

At the Opening of this Session T informed you, that it had been mv earned Willi to reiiore ita* Bieilmgs of Peace to My People; but that it was my fixed Keiolu-tion, with your Concurrence and Support, to nrrv on the War in the most ' Teftnal Manner, till that dftirable Object could be obtained upon equitable and honourable Conditions. My ScntiiicMiis i:i both thefeRefpefts continue invariably the lame, and 1 lave the Satisfaction to find them confirmed by the unanimous Voice of My Parliament.

The Declaration, which Motives of Humanity have engaged the Emperorof Russia to make to all the Courts in that Alliance, and the great and happy Change in the Situation of My Ally, the king of Prnjjio, gives 119 just Reason to hope, that the other Belligerent Powers ipav be induced to entertain the same Pacific J)i{port lions. On the other Hand, our Rupture with Spain, notvvjthstanding my ittinoli endeavours to prevent it, and the violent and unprovoked Attack with which the Dominions of My ancient Ally, the King of Portugal, are threatened, sufficiently evince the Wisdom and \e-cefiity of that Firmness and Refutation in My Parliament, which have enabled Me to continue Our Military Operations, without the icaft Interruption or Delay; and considerably to augment My Fleets and Armies in those Parts, in which our Enemies can be mofr fourthly dtrtrefVed. The figtial Succels of my Arms in the Conquftl of Martinico, and the Acquisition o many other valuable Settlements in the lf e/l Indies', have, under the Blelfing ofCJod, been the happy Consequences of these Alcafure.s. I trust in the Divine Providence that they will be attended with ltill farther Adv antages, until the Powers at War with Us shall be d'fposed to such Terms of Accommodation, as file Dignity and just Rights of My Crown, the future Security and Commercial Int.erects of My Subjects, will permit Me to accept,

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

When Iconsider the ample Supplies which you have granted, I cannot hut lament the heavy Burthens, which the X;’Certifies of the public Service have obliged you to impose upon My People. From thisConfideratiun, f have endeavoured, in every Inllanee, to rest/ain My

Demands

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

35a 2° Junii — 150 Julii — 90 Septem. — 90 Novem. 17

Demands within as narrow Bounds ns the Difficulties, in which I found M vself involved, would allow. From the same Motive, \Iy utmoli Care shall be employed to exert the most exact (Economy, confident with the Safety of my Kingdoms, and the good Faith and Honour of My Crown.

I return you My particular Thanks, for the Proof v. hich you have given of your Regard to Me, and to My Family, in the ample Provision you have made for the Queen; whose Virtues, and Affection to this Country, will, I am confident, be found to deserve it.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have the fulled Persuasion, that you will continue to difful'e in your several Counties that Spirit of Concord, which you have yourselves so deadily exerted in Parliament: And you may be assured, that I will, on my Part, return your Zeal and Affection for my Person and Government, by a condant Attention to whatever may contribute to the liafe o!‘ My Subjects; and that it is My ardent Willi, to found the Glories of My Reign on the Union of My Peopl", and on the Welfare and Prol'perity of these My Kingdoms.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, fairl.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until the Fif-

teenth Day of July next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of July next.

Thursday the 9th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 9th Day of September next.

Jovis, 90 die Septembris;

Anno 2* Georgii III. Regis, 1-62.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Proro- Parliament gation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; f" ,rr A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Proro£ue<k 2 uarme, Y’eoman Uther of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, deli re the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Affidant, went up to the House of Peers: WTht*re the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 9th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 9th Day of November next.

Mart is, 9* die Novembris;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Jovis, 15® die Julii;

Anno 20 Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until

THE JHouse being met, pursuant to the last Pro- parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogued. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, deli re the immediate attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 25th Day of this instant November: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 25th Day of this instant

k

i?

1

[ 353 ]

JOURNALS

W-

H

KT: i, ‘

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Seir. 1762 — 3.

Jovhy 25® die;

Mfflage to attend the King.

A

Members lake Oaths.

Anno 3* Georgii III. U Regis, 17

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman U flier of the

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned}

Several Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I found, on my Accession to the Throne, these My Kingdoms engaged in a bloody and expensive War. I resolved to prosecute it with the utmost Vigour; determined, however, to consent to Peace, upon just and honourable Terms, whenever the Events of War should incline the Enemy to the same pacific Disposition.

A Negotiation was accordingly begun last Year, which proved ineffectual: the War became afterwards more general, by the Resolution of the Court of Madrid to take Part with My Enemy, notwithstanding My best Endeavours to prevent it.

This, with the unexpected Attack of My natural and good Ally the King of Portugal, greatly affected our Commerce, multiplied the Objects of our Military Operations, and increased our Difficulties, by adding to the heavy Burthens under which this Country already laboured.

My Object still continued the fame, to attain an bo-

are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this nourable Peace, by pursuing this more extensive War

House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara-

in the most vigorous Manner: I embraced therefore an Occasion offered Me, of renewing the Negotiation; but, at the same Time, 1 exerted so effectually the Strength which you had put into my Hands, and have been so well served by my Fleets and Armies, in the Execution of my Plans, that History cannot furnish Examples

tion, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, of greater Glory, or greater Advantages, acquired by

Ctindestine

Outlawries

The King’s Speech reported.

according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

llcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty

the Arms of this, or any other Nation, in so short a Period of Time: My General, Prince Ferdinand of Rrun/wick, and my Army in Germany, have gained immortal Honour by many signal Advantages obtained during the course of this Campaign, over an Enemy superior in Numbers: the Progress of the French and Arms in Portugal has lieen stopped; and that Kingdom preserved by the Firmness and Resolution of its Sovereign, and by the military Talents of the reigning Count La Lipjte, seconded by the Valour of the Troops under his Command: and other

Islands in the West have been conquered; the

Havannah, a Place of the utmost Importance to Spain, was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the is in my Possession, apd with it great Treasures and a

Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to (he House; and is as followeth; viz.

V01..29

very considerable Part of the Navy of Spain are fallen into our Hands.

I cannot mension these Achievements, which re fieri such Honour on My Crown, without giving Mv public

4 U Teftueiony

354 25 NovembrA. 1762.

Testimony to the unwearied Perseverance, and unpa- Birth of Mis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and ralleled Bravery of My Officers and private Men, by the Recovery of His Royal Consort, endeared to tins Sea and Laud; who, by repeated Proofs, have shewn Country, not only by this important Event, but by that no Climate, no Hardffiips, no Dangers, can check Her own personal Virtues. To acknowledge, with the the Aitdotlr, or refill the Valour 4f the British Anns. utrnoft Gratitude, His Majesty’s great Attention to the Next t» the Assistabce of Almighty God, it in awing Welfare of Hfc People, in the vigorous Prosecution to their Condu6t and Courage, that My Enemies have of the War; and to congratulate His Majesty on that been brought to accept of Peace on " such Terms, as I happy Effect of it, the Prospect of such a Peace as may trull, will give my Parliament entire Satisfaction. Pre- give Stability and Permanency to the Blessings we preliminary Articles have been signed by My Minister, mise ourselves, under His Majesty’s moll auspicious with those of France and Spain, which I will order, in Reign. To assure His Majesty, that His faithlnl Corn-due Time, to be laid before you. ' mons ard truly sensible of the Wisdom with which His

The Conditions of these are such, that there is not Plans have been concerted, as well as of the successful only an immense Territory added to the Empire of Zeal with which they have been carried into execution Great Britain, but a solid Foundation laid for the In- by His Fleets and Armies: The Resolution and Intre-crease of Trade und' Coihroerce; and the utrnoft Care pidity of His Majesty’s Army in Germany, the Military has been taken to remove all Occasions of future Dif- . Skill and distinguished Activity of His General, Prince putes between My Subjects, and those of France and Ferdinand of which have obtained so many

Spain, and thereby to add Security and Permanency signal Advantages over an Enemy so superior in Nuin-to the Blessings of Peace. bars,-are Objects of our highest Admiration. That the

While I carefully attended to the essential Interests Hopping the Progress of the French and Arms

of My own Kingdoms, I have had the utmost Regard to in Portugal, and the Preservation of that Kingdom, by the good Faith of My Crown, and the Interests of My -the Emnness and Resolution of its Sovereign, and by Allies; I have made Peace for the King of Portugal, the superior Talents and able Conduct of the reigning securing to him all his Dominions; and all the Terri- Count La Lippe, seconded by the Valour of the Troops tories of the King of Prussia, as well as of My other under his Command, are Events of the highest Import-Allies in Germany, or elsewhere, occupied by the Ar- ance to this Nation and its Commerce, mies of France, are to be immediately evacuated. That the Reduction of Martinico, so glorious to His

Gentlemen of the House of Commons, Majesty’s Arms, and the Hill more glorious and im-

I have ordered the proper Estimates to be laid before portant Conquell of the , by which great

you, and shall, without delay, proceed to make Re- Treasure, and a very considerable Part of the Navy of du6tions, to the utrnoft extent, wherever they may be Spain are fallen into His Majesty’s Hands, speak the found conliftent With Wisdom and true Policy: It is Wisdom of His Councils, and the Valour of those em-the greatest Affliction for me to find that, though the ployed in the Execution of these great Commands, and War is at an end, our Expences cannot immediately fill our Hearts with Gratitude and Satisfaction, be so much lessened as I desire; but as nothing could That the public Testimony which His Majesty has have carried us through the great and arduous Disticul- therefore graciously given to theunwearied Perseverance ties surrounding us, but the most vigorous and expensive and unparalleled Bravery of His Officers and private Efforts, we mud expert, for some Time, to feel the Men, by Sea and Land, to which, under God, these Consequences of them to a very considerable Degree. glorious Achievements are to be attributed, is a no less My Lords and Gentlemen, honourable than deserved Reward of their Services;

It was impossible to execute what this Nation has so and nraft be an additional Recommendation of them gloriously performed, in all Parts of the World, without to the Esteem and Gratitude of their Country, the Loss of gteat Number? of Men: When you con- To thank His Majesty, for having promised to direct fider this Loss, whether on the Principles of Policy or the Preliminary Articles of the Peace to be laid before Humanity, you will fee one of the many Reasons which us; and to express our Satisfaction at the Information induced Me to enter early into Negotiation, so as to His Majesty has condescended, in the mean Time, to make a considerable Progress in it, before the Fate of afford us, from which We promise ourselves, that, with many Operations was determined, and now to hasten His Majesty’s Dominions, our Trade will be increased; the Conclusion of it, to prevent the Necessity of making and that all Occasions of future Disputes being removed. Preparations for another Campaign. As by this Peace the Blessings of Peace will be thereby rendered perma-My Territories are greatly augmented, and new Sources nent and secure: To return His Majesty our Thanks opened for Trade and Manufactures, it is My carnell for His great Goodness, and tender Regard for the Delire that you would consider of such Methods in the Welfare of His Subjects, in proceeding, without Delay, Settlements of our new Acquisitions, as shall most effec- to the Conclusion of the Negotiation of Peace, so ex-tually tend to the Security of those Countries, and to pedient for this Country; and for His gracious Inten-the Improvement of the Commerce and Navigation of tion, as footi as it shall be concluded, to reduce the Great Britain: I cannot mention our acquisitions, with- public Expences. To assure His Majesty that we will out earnefily recommending to your Care and Attention cheerfully assist in the Support of such as may be still My gallant Subjects, by whose Valour they were made, necessary, with due regard to that Economy which We could never have carried on this extensive War, His Majesty recommends to us, as for as may be con-without the greatest Union at Home. You will find the fiftent with Wisdom and true Policy; That we will not same Union peculiarly necessary, in order to make the foil to consider of the most effectual Methods of settling bell Use of the great Advantages acquired by the Peace; our new Acquisitions, of securing those Countries to and to lay the Foundation of that Economy which we us, and of improving our Commerce and Navigation; owe to ourselves, and to our Posterity; and which That, lamenting the Loss of those many brave Men can alone relieve this Nation from the heavy Burthens who have fallen in this glorious War, we will pay all brought upon it by the Necessities of this long and due Attention to the Services of those who yet remain* expensive War. by whose Valour those Acquisitions have been made;

and that we will continue to cultivate that Union, to Addrest Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble which we greatly owe the Successes of the War, in

on the Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His order thereby to make the bell Advantages of Peace,

King* Sj>e«cb. \[ajejW the Thanks of this House, lor His most gra- and lay the Foundation of that Economy, which we cious Speech from the Throne. owe to ourselves, and to our Posterity.

To congratulate His Majesty, on the auspicious Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up

an

3 Geo. III.

tn Address, to be presented to Ills Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Carysfort, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Stanley, Lord Earth, Mr. Fane, Sir John Turner, Mr Dr.

Hap, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wedderhurn, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Gajioyne, Mr. Nugent, Lord Farnham, Mr. Burt, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Rigby, Lord Ligonier, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ojieald, Mr Lord

Banington, Mr. Ellis, Lord Mr.

Lord Clive;or any Five of them: And they are to

withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee,

355

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iiTitc his Warrant to 'the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in tlte County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable George Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of first Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That ^fr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Gnrnfof the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- /lt* ment for the Borough of Great in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Honourable Henry Knight, Esquire, deceased.

2 5° — 26° Novemiris.

Dtrawich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a-Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Suffolk, in the room of the: Right honourable Henry Fox, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office-of Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and of Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Buckingham A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue Writ- his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable George , who, since

his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown dp-immediately attend this House, with the last Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough and Parish.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly.

And the said Return was read.

And it appearing to the House that the Right, honourable George Grenville is returned therein; and ' _ that the said Return came into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown upon the 9th Day of June last;

And the House being informed. That the Reverend Mr. Lilly Butler attended at the Door, who could give some Account of the Proceedings at the said Election; he was called in; and, being examined at the Bar,

‘ gave Evidence, That he was present at the last Election of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough and Parish of Buckingham; that all the Electors of the said Borough and Parish, then present, gave their Votes for the said Mr. Grenville; and that there was no kind of Oppo-fition to his Election;

The Entries in the Journal of the House of the 30th Day 0 f November, and 5th Day of December, 1710, of

the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the same of the Lord Viscount W who, having been chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Monmouth, and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve for the County of Monmouth; and desired a new Writ might issue for the electing of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Bramber, though there was a Petition delivered to the Clerk of the House, relating to the Election of the said Borough; were read.

And the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 19th Day of December 1747, of tire Proceedings of the House, in relation to the same of Edward Legge, Esquire, who was returned as the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the 1 own of Portsmouth, but died before the Time of the Election, was idfp read.

Vox.. 29.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wr"-the clefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for tlte Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable John Lord Waltham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Lyme Rep* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of T/tomas Fane, Esquire, now Earl of Westmoreland, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to East the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for G^r'^a<1 the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- n ‘ ment for the Borough of East Grinfield, in the County of Sussex, in the'room of Sir Thomas Hales, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eye the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Cornwallis, commonly called Lord Viscount Bronx, now Earl Corn-loallis, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eve the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of‘a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Henry Townshend, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

V zneris, 26* dieNovembris;

Anno 3° Georgii HT" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Adolph Boon, James Dcs Cotes, Boon'* Samuel Bouefs, John Werner Faejih, and (andI ocher*)

Francis lialdimand, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Smith and Mr. Armjlead Barker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Vunder Mevlen was presented to Meulen'* the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be Nit‘ given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered

2 6° Novembris.

A. 1762.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Smith and Mr. ArmParker do prepare, and bring In, the fame.

Stoorhrklgf, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ice. thereunto subscribed, Tr 11 flees appointed by an Act of 0:1 ‘ Parliament made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in; and from to

Holly Hall; and from Colly Gate to; and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to in

the Pari 111 of Kings Norton', and from Carters Lane to the Bell Inn at North field; in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That by the said Act the Trustees are restrained from erecting any Turnpike on any Part of the Road on Blakeheath, or Common, or at any

Place between Blakeheath and Common, which

is an Extent of Two Miles, or thereabouts; in the course of which are various Roads and Passages, by which Persons passing over the said Road may evade the several Toll Gates, which the Petitioners are enabled by the said Act to erect; and that the Petitioners find it will be impossible to put the said Act effectually in execution, or sufficiently to repair the Roads by the said Act intended to be amended, unless the Petitioners are enabled to set up a Gate, or Gates, between the said Places called Blakeheath and Penfnet Common, and empowered more effectually to carry the said Act into execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as prohibits the erecting any Turnpike or Gate on any Part of the Road on Blakeheath, or or at any Place between Blakeheath and Penfnet Common; and to enable the Trustees in the said Act named more effectually to carry the said Act into execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refe/red to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Mr. Bagot, Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mr. Sandys, Mr. OJbaldefon, Mr. Byde, Mr Mr. Kynafon, Sir James Douglas, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Barroro, Sir Edward Bering, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bef, Mr. Gore, Mr. Price, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr. Eger ton,

Mr. Burt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whateley, Mr.

Robinson, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Paterson; apd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worccfer, Stafford, Warwick, and Salop; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dunstable A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Road. execution Two Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunjlabhe, in the County of Bedford, to the

Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in order to put the said Acts in execution, there have been borrowed several considerable Sums upon the Credit thereof; which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £.2,000, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and made more effec-

tual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byde, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chet-zvynd, Mr. Smith, Lord Frederick , Mr. Bagot,

Air. Ward, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. OfMr. Lord Grey, Mr. jlfazobey, Mr. WeMr Sir John Gibbons; Mr Burt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Riifhout,

Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Air. Egerlon,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Uplon, Lord Carysfurt, Mr. Sir Edward Bay tit un, Sir Bennet Garrard;and all the Mem-,

hers who serve for the Counties of , Bedford,

and Middlesex:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in LcmsforJ, execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 12th &c-Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, oad‘ and the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford in the County -of Hertford, to Welhcyn; and from thence to Corey's Mill; and from Wellicyn, through toHi/chin,

in the said County; and all’o for repairing the Road from Corey's Mill to IIit chin aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is now owing upon the Credit of the said Acts 1,700, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual: And therefore proving,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it' shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Afr. Byde, Mr. Fuller, Mr,

Calvert, Mr. Barron>, Sir Edward Air.

Parker, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Brand, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Air Rigby, Lord Grey, Mr. South-cell, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Tozvu/hend, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bankcs, Sir Matthexo Lambe, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Orwell, Mr. Frifie, Doctor Hay, Air. . Rushout, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Chetzcynd, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Wynne, Lord

Tavistock, Mr. Gore, Lord Carys for Sir Lynch Salvf-birryCotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Essex, and Huntingdon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee Addrtf* appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre- °in 'he. fented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report, to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the moll humble and hearty Thanks of this House, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit

3 Geo. III. $6* Novembris. 357

Permit 11s. at the same T*ime, to congratulate Your to which we greatly owe the Sttcceflcs of the War, in

Majesty on the auspicious Birth of His Royal Highness the Prince of H ales, and the Recovery of Your Royal Consort, endeared to this Country, not only by this important Event, but by her own personal Virtues.

We acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, Your Majedy’s great Attention to the Welfaieof Your People, in the vigorous Prosecution of the War, and congratulate Your Majesty on that happy Effect of it, the Prof-pcCl of such a Peaces may give Stability and Permanency to the Blessings we promise ourselves under Your Majesty’s most auspicious Reign.

AVe allure Your Majesty, That Your faithful Commons are truly sensible of the Wil'dom with which Your Plans have been concerted, as well as of the successful Zeal with which they have been carried into execution by your Fleets and Armies.

The Resolution and Intrepidity of Y’our Majesty’s Army in Germany, and the Military Skill and distinguished Activity of Your General, Prince Ferdinand of Brun/'wick, which have obtained so many signal Ad-

vantages over an Enemy so superior in Numbers, are Objects of our highest Admiration: The Stopping the Frogress of the French and Arms in Portugal,

and the Preservation of that Kingdom, by the Firmness and Resolution of its Sovereign, and by the superior Talents and able Conduct of the reigning Count La Liype, Seconded by the Valour of the Troops under his Command, are Events of the highest Importance to this Nation and its Commerce: The Reduction of so glorious to your Majesty’s Arms, and the ltill more glorious and important Conquest of the by

Which great Treasure, and a very considerable Part of the Navy of Spain are fallen into Your Majesty’s Hands, speak the Wisdom of Your Councils and the Valour of those employed in the Execution of these great Commands, and fill our Hearts with Gratitude and Satis-:

faction.

The public Testimony which Your Majesty has there-> fore graciously given to the unwearied Perseverance and unparalleled Bravery of Your Officers and private Men, by Sea and Land, to which, under-God, these glorious Achievements are to be attributed, is a no less honourable than deserved Reward of their Sendees, and muff: be an additional Recommendation of them to the Esteem and Gratitude of their Country.

Allow us. Sir, to thank Your Majestyfqr havingpro-miled todireetthe Preliminary Articles of the Peace to be laid before us. And we receive, with the greateftSatisfaction, the Information which Your Majesty has conde-icended, in the mean time, to afford us; from which we promise ourselves, that, with Your Ala jesty’s Dominions, our Trade will be increasqd; and that allOccasions of future Disputes being removed, the Blessingsof Peace will be thereby rendered permanent and secure.

We return your Majesty our moil sincere and humble Thanks for Your great Goodness and tender Regard for the Welfare of Your Subjects, in proceeding without Delay to the Conclusion of the Negociation of Peace, so expedient for this Country; and for Your gracious Intentions, as foonas itffiall be concluded, to reduce the public Expences.

Your Majesty may be allured, that Your faithful Commons will cheerfully affili in the Support of such Expences as may be Hill necessary, with due Regard to that Economy which Y’our Majesty recommends to us, as far as may be confident with Wisdom and true Policy.

We will not fail to considerof the most efteflua] Methods of settling oar new Acquisitions, of feenring those Countries to us, and of improving our Commerce and Navigation. And, lamenting the Loss of those many brave Men who have fallen in this glorious War, we will pay all due Attention to the Services of those who yet remain, by whose Valour those Acquisitions have been made. And we will continue to cultivate that Union Vox.. 29.

order thereby to make the bed Advantages of Peace, and lay the Foundation of that Economy which we owe to ourselves, and to our Poderity.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Btjbloed, Nemine Contrudicentc,

That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Alajedy by the whole House.

Ordered, Thai such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Rejoiced, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Message be sent to Her Majesty, on the most auspicious to the Event of Her Alajedy’s Delivery of His Royal Higii-ness the Prince of Wales, and of Her Majesty’s happy the Vrinc«

Recovery; and to allure Her Majesty of the constant of Wales. Zeal, Duty, and Attachment of this Houfo

Ordered, That the Marquis of Tavi/tock, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Harry Powlett, the Lord Orwell,

Mr. *Sandy.?, Mr. Lane, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr.

Ellis, and Sir John Gibbons, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Ordered, That. His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to The King'* both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration ^p*^ 'c’b* Tomorrow Morning. cohered.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand

lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committee*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade da fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- commift» tions be appointed: of

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Privilege* Fuller,\jyrd Royflon, Mr. Berkeley, Sir George Savile, Mr. tw;,*. '

Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawbeu, Sir Philipps, Mr. Scatoen, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Mackenzie,.

Mr. GaJcoijne, Mr. Martin, Sir William Meredith. Mr.

Tcnonjhend, Lord Onvell, Mr. Hary, Admiral end, Mr. Rebow, Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Rushout, Colonel Mr. Ro*

binfon, Mr. Lhfun, Mr. Touchet, Mr. , Mr.

Sir William Baker, Mr. Serjeant He Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Pennant, Sir Francis Vincent,

Air. For, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Rigby, Sir John

Air. Thomas Townshend, junior, Admiral Hawke, Mr.

Ryde, Colonel Fiizroy, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Harris, Sir Ellis Cunlife, Mr. Sand Lord Strange,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Macduff, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ct/J, Mr. Barrow, Captain Lockhart, Mr. Stanley, Af r. West, Mr. James Harris, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Burt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jenkinson,

Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Robert Nugent, Mr.

Air. Scott, General Tdw^hcnd, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Ed-tvard Whmington, Mr. Tucker, Sir Charles Freder/ck, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pry fe, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Air. Ryder, Mr. CIceland, Mr. Armjlead Lord Villiers, Mr. Pugh Price, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Selm/n,

4 X Sir

358

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lord North, Mr.

// ;//:/c: Sir It *H/ium Maynard, Mr. Hamilton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Fonnerenit, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Lord Parker, Mr. Butler, Sir Edward Turner Mr. Burrell, Sir Robert Burdcft, Mr. lirandy Lord Geer*e Sackvil/e, Mr. Befl, Lord Harn/ Powlc/t, Mr. Abraham Hume, Lord 7 homend, M r. Archer, Mr. Campbell of Cc’der, Mr. Bertie, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Han-bun/, Sir Huger }sewdigafc, Mr. Plumtre, Sir Jarrit Sr dhy Mr. Sfn/ftlczcorth, Mr. Lcggc, Mr. Adams, Mr. De.nuijtc)', Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Amp and Sir Hr hert Lloyd,\\r. A/hbarnham, M r. // 'aller, Mr. Black-Jt 'f:t\ Sir Arm me If odehouse, T r. Bridgema ny Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Brijtoxc, Mr. Jl edderburn, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Fir/w-' JBtarty Mr. Bull, Lord Verney, Mr. Bullock, Lord

dCtoKy Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fisher, Sir Matthew f run be, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir James Da/hwood, Mr. Fv/j/h/rtxMr. WilhrahamBootle, \Ir. Hill, Mr./)</-wr, Mr. //W/, Mr. \Citbraham, Mr. Hozcard, Mr. C7/tr, Mr. ///;*', Mr. Chetwnjnd, Mr. Jennings, Lord CY/iv, Mr. Jollife, Lon! Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Mr. CV/-

Mr. Mdlish, Mr. Chester, Mr. Mr.

C7a,7d/w/, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. AW, Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Richard Gtynn, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Edmund IJhajn, Mr. Peachy, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Powell: And they are to meet upon Monday . Scvemii^ht, at Fiveof the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’sOuunber j and to lit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday % in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all fuel] Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, EIc*iions, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will quest ion any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Flection by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return f ir that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or-Matter of Privilege of any Member, lie is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Lfual Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Rofolutijus. to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament,

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to he frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity aguinli such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to he a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity aguinli such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath

A. 17 6a.

given false Evidence in any same before this I Ioufe, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Britain,

for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either hv the 1 Ioufe or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this u,ual House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any <->r<*er Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to he, in the I Ioufe or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That th'e Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the I Ioufe; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care- to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this I Ioufe do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Wejbniijierdo take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-halL, shall he kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in West--minster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered,

0.6° Novembris.

Jrto

3 Geo. III. 260-- 2 7®

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this J-Ioufe do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Poffinafter General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and, for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take cure, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away,-lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, an*d acquaint the House at their next Sitting wish the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hpufe do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, "being first peruied by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitjons for private Bills, after the 19th Day of

Novembris. _ 359

And then the House adjourned (ill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Sabbati, 270 di Novembris , Anno 30 Georgii III11' Regis, 1762. Prayers.

MR Smith presented tc> the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Coles, Anthony Francis ISamuel

BoueJ's, and John Werner Fa And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Henry Tar was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date the Third Day of May, in the 30th Year of his Reign, granted to the Petitioner, in Reversion, the.Offices of Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and also of Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, to hold to him and his Assigns, immediately from the Death, Surrender, or other Determination of the Interest therein,o fGeorge Bubb Esquire, fincp

created Lord Melcombe, for and during the Lives of the Petitioner’s Sons, Stephen Fox and Fox,

and the Life of the Survivor of them; and alleging. That the said Lord Mdcorilbe is lately deceased, and the Petitioner thereupon became entitled to the said Offiees; and that the Petitioner’s urgent Buliuefs requires his Stay in J ’.iigland, and that he is not able to go into the said Kingdom of Ireland, to qualify himself there for the said Offices: And therefore praying, 'I hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, iii the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of land, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ellis, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. OJ-tould, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

General Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obc- Mr. presented to the House, according to Or-

Monciron’s dience to the Commands of this I louse, of the Sixth . der, a Bill for naturalizing John Vunder And

.Answer to

Vote of Tknki.

Day of May Jail, lie had liguifued to Rear Admiral Rodney, and the Honourable Major General their Thanks for the Services they had done to their King and Country in the West Indies-, and that he had,

on the 9th Day of October lull, received the following Answer from the Honourable Major Genera] ion.

Neio York, August the 10th, 1762.

Sir,

On the 2d instant I was honoured with your Letter

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Truffoes appointed by Two several Alts of Parliament, of (lie Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Glou-cester; and for repairing the Roads from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Bagpuze,

of the 6th May, inclosing the Resolution of the House in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Nezebridge,

of Commons of that Day. So honourable a Testimony of my Endeavours for His Majesty’s Service will ever be held by me in most grateful Remembrance: And be pleased, Sir, to accept of my bell Thanks for the obliging Maimer in which you have been so good as to convey it to me.

I have the Honour to be, with great Regard,

Sir,

Your most obedient

bumble Servant, Robert

The Right Honourable Sir Jthn Cujt, Baronet.

Yol, 29.

which stands in the said County of Berks; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Acts, several Tolls and Powers are granted for repairing the said Road; and that the Petitioners have . proceeded therein, and have duly applied all the Money arising from, or borrowed upon the Credit of, the said Tolls, according to the Directions of the said Acts; but that the same has been found insufficient to answer the Purposes intended thereby, and that it will be im- possible eflerlually to repair and support the said Road without an Increase of the Tolls, and a further Continuance of the Term granted by the said Acts > and that the said A "ishave been, in several other Particulars, found defective: And therefore praying, That Leave

mav

Boon’s (and others) Nat.

Mr. Fox’s Quiii heat ion bill.

Meulen*«

N7at.

Fyfield

Road,

360 ^7°"r"29° Nov . 17 61.

may he given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House, upon Examination, may seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. Pye, Mr. Smith, Lord Bar* rington, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bankes, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. A/hburnham, Sir Charles Mr.

Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Bacon, Sir / Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Sir

Mr. Shiffher, Sir Armine Mr. Cujl; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts,

Oxford, Gloucester, Southampton, Herefand

ter: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wolpran A Petition of David John Siri, and Francis

l*n^J"tthers) Philip Fatio, of London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Patcrfon and Mr. Prescott do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Time Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the for^receivbe House, That His Majesty, having, been waited upon, Addrefc,8 pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

Account; Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Britishi ’ House, an Account of the total Number, and Tonnage, Shipping, of all British Ships and Vessels arrived in the Merchants Service, and reported in Great Britain, from His Majesty’s Plantations, and from all foreign Ports or Places; likewise of all British Ships and Vessels cleared out in the Merchants Service, from Great Britain to His Majesty’s Plantations, and to all foreign Ports or Places; from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year, with a Medium of the first Six Years; viz. from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1754; and of the lad Six Years, from Christmas 1755 to Christmas 1761.

Account; Ordei'cd, That the proper Officer do lay before this Foreign House, an Account of the total Number, and Tonnage, «’PP*»g- of aj| foreign Ships and Vessels arrived and reported in Great Britain-, likewise of all foreign Ships and Vessels cleared oxit from Great Britain from 1748

to Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year, with a Medium of the first Six Years; viz. from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1754; and of the last Six Years; from Christmas 1755 to Christmas 1761.

Account; Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this xporu. I Xcmfe, an Account of the total Values of the Eixports from Great Britain to all Ports or Places belonging to foreign Princes or States, and of the Imports from the same into Great Britain-,from 1748 to Christ-

mas 1761, or as low as the last Account is made up; distinguishing each Year, with a Medium of the first Six Years; viz, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1754; and of the Years from Christmas 1755 to the Christmas when the last Account is made up,

Account; Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Houses, &c. House, an Account of the total Number of Houses and

Cottages in England and Wales, distinguishing the inhabited from the uninhabited, according to the last ge-' neral Return made by the Surveyors of the House and Window Duties throughout all England, and the Principality of IPales.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Kins’s Speech Majesty’s'most gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- confidefe<i-liament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjopmed till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna> 29* die Novembris;

Anno 3° Georgii III"* Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

MR. Ellis presented to the House, according to Or- Mr.70x’« der, a BUI to enable the Right Hqpourable Qualification Henry Fox to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the;

Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Ein- . joyment of the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Wolpman Order, a Bill for naturalizing David Wolpman, John Siri, and Francis Philip Fatio: And the same was re-. a ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. . , j

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that, the House Ring's attended His Majesty on Saturday last, with their Ad- Answtr dress, to which His Majesty was pleased to give this to Addrefi. most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My hearty Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Address; and I receive your Congratu-latjonSHm the Birth of the Prince, My Son, as a fresh Proof of your Attachment to My Person, and* of your Regard for the Queen.

The Afluranees of your ready Support in such Expences as may be still necessary, afford Me the highest Satisfaction; and the Ratification of the Preliminary Articles gives Me the pleasing Hope of soon easing My faithful Subjects, by a safe, honourable, and permanent Peace, of the heavy but unavoidable Burthens they have so cheerfully borne during the War.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Peace with House, by His Majesty’s Command, France ud

Copy of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at Sp,in-Fontainebleau, November 3d 1762, by the Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, France, and Spain -, and Translation: And also.

Copy of a Declaration signed at Fontainebleau the 3d I

of November 1762, by the French Plenipotentiary, re-

lating to the 13th Article of the Preliminaries; and

Translation: And also.

Copy of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at i

Fontainebleau, November 3, 1762; by the Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, Spain, and France; and Trans* lation.

Together

Peace

with

France

and

Spain.

3 Geo. III. 290

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

And the said Translations were also read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

Translation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at Fontainebleau, November 3d 176?, by the Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, France, and Spain.

In the Name of the Mod Holy Trinity The King of Great Britain, and the Moll Christian King, animated with the reciprocal Desire to re-establish Union and good Understanding between them, as well for the Good of Mankind in general, as for that of their respective Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, having reflected soon after the Rupture between Great Britain and Spain, on the State of the Negotiation of last Year (which unhappily had not the defin'd effect) as well as on the Points in dispute between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, Their Britannic and MoltChrittian Majesties began a Correspondence, to endeavour to find Means to adjust the Differences fubfiliing between Their said Majesties: At the same time the Molt Christian King having communicated to the King of these happy

Dilpofirions, his Catholic Majesty was animated with the same Zeal for the Good of Mankind and that of Ins Subjects, and refolded to extend and multiply the Fruits of Peace by his Concurrence in such laudable Intentions; Their Britannic, Molt Christian, and Catholic Majesties, having, in consequence, maturely considered all the above Points, as well as the different Events which have happened during the courseof the present Negotiation, have, by mutual Consent, agreed on the following Articles, which shall lerve as a Bafts to the future Treaty of Peace; for which Purpose His Britannic Majesty has named and authorized John Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Tavijtock, Sec. Minister of State of the King of Great Britain, Lieutenant General of His Forces, Keeper of his Privy Seal, Knight of the Moll noble Order of the Garter, and His Britannic. Majesty’s Minister: Plenipotentiary to his Moll Christian Majesty; his Moll Christian Majesty, Cafar Gabrielde Choiseul, Duke of Prajlin, Peer of France, Knight of the Moll Christian King’s Orders, Lieutenant General of his Forces, Counsellor in all his Councils, and Minister and Secretary of State of his Commands and Finances; and his Catholic Majesty has likewise named and authorized Dom Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis de Grimaldi, Knight of the Moll Christian King’s Orders, Gentleman of the Bedchamber to his Catholic Majesty in Employment, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Moll Christian Majesty; who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers in good Form, have agreed on the following Articles.

Article I.

As soon as the Preliminaries shall be signed and ratified, sincere Friend flap shall be re-established between Hb Britannic Majesty and his Moll Christian Majesty, and between His said Britannic Majesty and his Catholic Majesty, Their Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, by Sea and by Land, in all Parts of the World. Orders shall be sent to the Armies and Squadrons, as well as to the Subjects of the Three Powers, to liop all Hollilities, and to live in the most perfect Union, forgetting what has pant'd, of which their Sovereigns give them the Order and Example: And, for the execution of this Article, Sea Passes shall be given on each Side, for the Ships which shall be dispatched to carry the News of it to the respective Possessions of the Three Powers.

Article II.

His Most Christian Majesty renounces all Pretension which he has heretofore formed, or might have formed, to Nova Scotia, or Acadia, in all its Parts, and guaranties the whole of it, with all its Dependencies, to the King of Great Britain: Moreover, his Most Christian

Vol. 29.

Majesty cedes and guaranties to His said Britannic Majesty, in full Right, Canada, with all its Dependencies, as well as the liland of Cap Breton, and all the other Islands in the Gulph and River of Saint Laurence, without Restriction, and without any Liberty to depart from this Cellion and Guaranty, under any Pretence, or to trouble Great Britain in the Possessions above mentioned: His Britannic Majesty, on his Side, agrees to grant to the Inhabitants of Canada the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He will, in consequence, give the moll ex a ft and the most effectual Orders that his new Homan Catholic Subjects may ptofefs the Worship of their Religion, according to the Rights of the Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit: His Britannic Majesty further agrees, That the French Inhabitants, or others, who would have been Subjects of the Most Christian King in Canada, may retire in all Safety and Freedom wherever they please; and may fell their Estates, provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and tranl’port their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except Debts or criminal Profeoutions: The Term limited for this Emigration being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

Article III.

The Subjects of France shall have the Liberty of Fishing and Drying on a Part of the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland, such as it is specified in the 13th Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, which Article shall be confirmed and renewed by the approaching Definitive Treaty except what regards the Island of Cap Breton, as well as the other Islands in the Mouth and in the Gulph of Saint Laurence: And his Majesty

consents to leave to the Most Christian King’s Subjects the Liberty to filli in the Gulph of Laurence, on Condition that the Subjects of France do not exerci fe the said Fishery but at the Distance of Three Leagues from all the Coasts belonging to Great Britain, as well those of the Continent, as those of the Islands situated in the said Gulph of Saint Laurence; and as to what relates to the Fishery out of the said Gulph, his Most Christian Majesty’s Subjects shall not exercise the Fishery but at the Distance of Fifteen Leagues from the Coasts of the Island of Cap Breton.

Article IV.

The King of Great Britain cedes the Islands of St. Peter and of Miquelon, in full Right, to his Most Christian Majesty, to serve as a Shelter for the French Fishermen; and his said Majesty obliges himself, on hisRoval Word, nottofortify the said Islands, to erectno Buildings there, but merely for the Conveniency of the Fishery, and to . keep there only a Guard of Fifty Men, for the Police.

Article V.

The Town and Port of Dunkirk shall be put into the State fixed by the lall Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, and by former Treaties; the Cunette shall remain as it now is, provided that the English Engineers named by His Britannic Majesty, and received at Dunkirk by Order of his Moll Christian Majesty, verify that this Cunette is only of Use for the Wholesomenefe of the Air, and the Health of the Inhabitants.

Article VI.

In order to re-ellabliili Peace on the most solid and lasting Foundations, and to remove forever every fub-ject of Dispute, with regard to the Limits of the British and French Territories on the Continent jit

is agreed. That, for the future, the Confines between the Dominions of His Britannic Majesty and those of his Most Christian Majesty, in that Part of the World, shall be irrevocably fixed, by a Line drawn along the Middle of the River Misissippi, from its Source, as far as the River Iberville; and from thence, by a Line drawn along the Middle of this River, and of the Lakes Maurepas and Pontcharlrain, to the Sea; and to this Purpose the Most Christian King cedes in full Right,

4 Y and

Peace

with

Funte

and

Sjiain.

Peace

with

France

and

Spain*

362 29° Novembris. A. 1762.

and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty the River and Article XII.

Port of Mobile, and every thing that he possesses, or France shall restore all the Countries belonging to ought, to have pofl'effect, on the left Side of the River the Electorate of to the Landgrave of Ile/Je,

Mississippi, except the Town of New Orleans, and the to the Duke of , and to the Count of La liland in which it is situated, which shall remain to Lipj>e which are or shall be occupied by

France, provided that the Navigation of the River Mif-the Arms of his Molt Christian Majesty; the Fortresses JiJfippi shall be equally free, as well to the Subjects of of these different Countries shall be restored in the same Great Britain as to those of France, in its whole Breadth Condition they were in when they were conquered by and Length, from its Source to the Sea; and that Part the French Arms; and the Pieces of Artillery which expressly which is between the said Island of Vt-ir Or- shall have been carried elsewhere shall be replaced by leans and the Right Bank of that River, as well as the the same Number, of the same Bore, Weight, and Me-Passage both in and out of its Mouth: It is further lli- tal: As to what regards I loft ages exacted or given pulated. That the Vessels belonging to the Subjects of ei- during the War, to this Day, they shall be font back ther Nation shall not be (lopped, visited, orlubje-' ed to without Ransom. the Payment of any Duty whatsoever. The Stipulations Article XIII.

in favour of the Inhabitants of Canada, inserted in the After the Ratification of the Preliminaries, France Second Article, shall also take place with regard to the shall evjicuate, as soon as it can be done, the Port relies Inhabitants of the Countries ceded by this Article. of Circes, IVcfel, and Cut hi res, and, in general, all the Article VII. Countries belonging to the King of; and, at (he

The King of Great Britain, shall restore to France the same time, the and Fi each Armies Dial I evacuate

Islands of Guadeloupe, of Mariegalante, of Dejirade, of all the Countries winch they occupy, or may then oc-

Marlinko, and of Belleijle; and the Fortresses of these cupy, in Lore or Saxony, on thoLercw Rhine,

Klands shall be restored in the same Condition they were the Upper Rhine, and in all t he Empire; and each shall in when they were conquered by the British Arms, pro- retire into the Dominions of their respective Sovereigns: vided that the Term of Eighteen Months, to be com- And their Britannic and Moll Citriiiian Majesties Imputed from the Day of the Ratification of the Definitive ther engage and promise not to furnish any Succour of Treaty, shall be granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Sub- any kind to their respective Allies, who shall continue jects, who may have settled in the said Blands, and other engaged in the present. War in Places restored to France by the Definitive Treaty, to Article XIV.

fell their Estates, recover their Debts, and to transport The Towns of Ofield and Nieaporl shall be evacuated their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being re- by his Moll Christian Majesty’s Troops, immediately (trained on account of their Religion, or under any after the Signature of the present Preliminaries, other Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts or of Article XV.

criminal Prosecutions. The Decision of the Prizes made on the Spaniards by

Article VIII. the Subjects of in Time of Peace, shall

The Mod Christian King cedes and guaranties to His be referred to the Courts of J ulliee ol’ the Admiralty of Britannic Majesty, in full Right, the Islands of Grenada Great Britain, conformably to the Rules established and the Grenadines with the same Stipulations in favour among all Nations, so that the Validity of the said of the Inhabitants of this Colony, as are inserted in the Prizes between the British and Nations shall be

Second Article for those of Canada; and the Partition of decided and judged according to the Law of Nations, the I Hands called Neutral is agreed and fixed; so that and according to Treaties in the Courts of Justice of those of St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago, shall remain the Nation who shall have made the Capture, in full Right to England; and that that of St. Lucia Article XVI.

shall be delivered to France, to enjoy the same in like His Majesty shall cause all the Fortifications

Manner, in full Right: The Two Crowns reciprocally to be demolrshed which His Subjects shall have erected

guarantying to each other the Partition so stipulated. in the Bay of Honduras, and other Places of the Tern-

Article IX. tory o in that Part of the World, four Months

His Britannic Majesty shall restore to France the after the Kntification of the Definitive Treaty: And his

Bland of Goree, in the Condition it was in when con- Catholic Majesty shall not, for the future, futfer the

Suered; and his Mod Christian Majesty cedes, in full Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, or their Workmen, light, mid guaranties to the King of Great Britain, to be disturbed or molested, under any Pretence what-Senegal. l’oever, in their Occupation of cutting, loading, and

Article X. carrying away Ixigwood; and for this Purpose they

In the East Indies, Great Britain shall restore to France may build without I Iinderance, and occupy without lathe several Comptoirs which that Crown had on the terruption, the Houses and Magazines neeefl'ary for Coast of Coromandel, as well as on that of Malabar, and them, for their Families, and for their Effects; and his also in Bengal, at the Commencement of Hol'tilities be- laid Catholic Majesty assures to them, by this Article,

tween the Two Companies, in the Year 1749, in the the entire Enjoyment of what is above llipulated. Condition in which they now are, on Condition that his Article XVII.

Mod Christian Majesty renounces the Acquisitions His Catholic Majesty desists from all Pretension which which he has made on the Coast of Coromandel fmee he may have formed to the Right ot fillung about the the said Commencement of Hostilities between the Two Island of Newfoundland.

Companies, in the Year 1749. Article XVIII.

His Moll Christian Majesty on his Side shall restore The King of Great Britain shall restore to all

all that he shall have conquered from Great Britain in that He has conquered in the Island of with the the East Indies, during the present War; and he also Fortrel's of the Havannah; and that Fortress, as well engages not to erect any Fortifications, or to keep any as all the other Fortresses of the said Island, shall be Troops, in Bengal. restored in the same Condition they were in when they

Article XI. were conquered by His Britannic Majesty’s Arms.

The Island of Minorca shall be restored to His Bri-Article XIX. tannic Majesty, as well as Fort St. Philip, in the same In consequence of the Refiitution, llipulated in the Condition they were in when they were conquered by preceding Article, his Catholic Majesty cedes and gua-the Arms of the Mod Christian King; and with the ranties in full Right to His Britannic Majesty, all that Artillery that was there at the Taking of the said Spain possesses on the Continent of North to

Island, and of the said Fort. the East, or to the South-east of the River;

and

3 Geo. III. 29° Novemb 3^3

and His Britannic Majesty agrees to grant to thelnliabi- Great Britain shall likewise, at the End of Three

tants of this Country, above ceded, the Liberty of the Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, Catholic Religion: He will, in consequence, give the or sooner, if it can be done, enter into Possession of the most exa^t, and the most effectual Orders, that His new River, and of the Port of , and of all that is to

Roman Catholic Subjects may profess the Worth ip of form the Limits of the Territory of Britain on

their Religion, according to the Rites of the Roman the Side of the River Miffijjippi, as they are specified in Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit, the Sixth Article.

His Britannic Majesty further agrees. That the Spanish The llland of Goree shall be evacuated by Great Inhabitants, or others, who would have been Subjects tain Three Mouths after the Ratification of tin? Defi-of the Catholic King, in the said Countries, may retire nitive Treaty; and the llland of Minorca by France at in all Safety and Freedom wherever they pleal'e, and the same Epoch, or sooner, if it can be done. And, may fell their Estates, provided it be to His Britannic according to the Conditions of the Fourth Article,

Majesty's Subjects, anti transport their Effects, as well France shall also enter into Possession of the Islands as their Perfotw, without being rellrained in their Emi- of St. and of Miquelon at the End of Three

gration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except Debts Months.

or criminal Prosecutions: The 'Perm limited for this The Comptoirs, in the Fuji Indies, shall be restored Emigration being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Six Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Months, to be computed from the Day of the Ratifi- Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done, cation of the Definitive Treaty. It is further ilipulated. The llland of with the Fortress of the IIavail-that his Catholic Majesty shall have Power to cause all nab, shall be restored Three Months after the Rntifi-the Elfe^s that belong to him, either Artillery or others, cation of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be to be carried away. done; and at the same time Great Britain shall enter

Article XX. into Possession of the Country ceded by Spain, accord-

The King of Portugal, His Britannic Majesty's Ally, ing to the 19th Article, is expressly included in the present Preliminary Art icles, All I he Fortreifes and Countries of his MoJ’l Faithful

and their Molt Christian and Catholic Majesties engage Majesty in Europe shall he restored immediately alter to re-establish the ancient. Peace and Frienilship between the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty: And the them and his Moll Faithful Majesty: And they promise, Colonies which may have been. conquered,

1*. That there shall be a total Celfation ofllollili- shall be restored in the 1 pace of Three Months in the ties between the Crowns of Spain and Portugal, and.be- Heft and of Six Mouths in the after

tween the Spanish and French Troops on the one Side, the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or Iboner, if and the Porntgaefe Troops, and those of their Allies, it caln be done.

on the other, immediately after the Ratification of these In Consequence whereof the necessary Orders shall Preliminaries: And that there shall be a likeCelfation of be sent by each of the high Contracting Parties, with Hostilities between the respective Forces of the Moll reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry Christian and Catholic Kings on the one Part, and those them, immediately after the Ratification of the Defi-of the Moll Faithful King on the other, in all other nitive Treaty.

Parts of the World, as well by Sea as by Land; Article XXIII.

which Celfation shall be fixed on the same Epochs, and All the Treaties, of what Nature soever, which ex-under the same Conditions, as that between Great Bri- Hied before the present War, as well between their Britain, France, and Spain, and shall continue till the Con- tannic and Moll Christian Majesties, as between their elusion of the Definitive Treaty betweeen Great Bri- Britannic and Catholic Majesties, as also between any tain, France, Spain, and Portugal. of the above-named Powers and his Moll Faithful Ma-

2d. That all his Mod Faithful Majesty’s Fortreifes jesty, shall be, as they are in eft'eft, renewed and con* and Countries in Europe, which shall have been conquer- firmed in all their Points, which are not derogated ed by the Spanish and French Armies, shall be restored from by the present Preliminary Articles, notwithstand-in the same Condition they were in when they were con- ing whatever may have been Itipulated to the contrary quered: And that, with Regard to the Porluguefe Co- by any of the high Contracting Parties: And all the loniesin America, or elsewhere, if any Change shall have said Parties declare, That they will not fuller any Pri-happened in them, all Things shall be put again on the vilege. Favour, or Indulgence to substli, contrary to Tame Footing tliay were before the present War: And the Treaties above confirmed, the Moll Faithful King shall be invited to accede to the Article XXIV.

present Preliminary Articles as soon as shall be potfible. The Prisoners made respectively by the Arms of their Article XXI. , Moll Christian, Catholic, and Moll Faithful

All the Countries and Territories which may have Mfijesties, by Land and by Sea, shall be restored reci-heen conquered, in any Part of the World whatsoever, procally, and bond , after' the Ratification of the by the Arms of their Britannic and Moll Faithful Ma- Definitive Treaty, without Ransom, paying the Debts jellies, as well as by those of their Most Christian and they shall have contrafted during their Captivity; and Catholic Majesties, which are not included in the pre- each Crown shall respectively pay the Advances which sent Articles, either under the Title of Ceftkms, or un- shall have been made for the Subfillence and Mainte-der the Title of Restitutions, shall be restored, without nance of their Prisoners by the Sovereign of the Coun-Dilliculty, and without requiring Compensations. try where they shall have been detained, according to

Article XXII. the Receipts and attelted Accounts, and other authen-

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Relii- tic Titles, which shall be fumished on each Side, tutions and the Evacuations to be made by each of the Article XXV.

high Contracting Parties, it is agreed that the British and In order to prevent all Causes of Complaints and Dif-

FrenrhTroops shall proceed immediately after the Rati- putes which may arise on account of Ships, Merchan-fiearion of the Preliminaries to the Evacuation of the difes, and other ElfeCls, which may be taken by Sea, Countries which they occupy in the Empire, or else- it is reciprocally agreed, that the Ships, Merqhand ifes, where, conformably to the 12th and 13th Articles. and Effects, which may be taken in the Channel, and The llland of Bellei/lelhall he evacuated Six Weeks in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or soon- he computed from the Ratification of4 the present Pre-. er, if it can be done. limiuary Articles, shall be reciprocally restored on each

Guadeloupe, Drfirade, Marie-galante, Martinico, and . Side.

St a. Lucia, Three Months after the Ratification of the That the Term shall be Six Weeks for (lie Prizes Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it Can be done. taken from the Channel, the British Seas, and the North

Vol. 29. Seas,

Ptact

with

France

and

Spam*

1C

Peace

with

France

and

Spain.

290 Novembris. 1762.

Seas, as far as the Canary tflands, incluiivety, either in the Ocean, or in the Mediterranean.

Three Months from the said Canary Iflartds, as far as the Equinoctial Line, or Equator.

LallJy, Six Monthsbeyond the said Equinoctial Line, or Equator, and in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception, or other more particular Distinction of Time and Place.

Article XXVI.

The Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles shall be expedited in good and due Form, and exchanged in the space of One Month, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Articles.

In Witness whereof. We the under-written, Ministers Plenipotentiary of His Britannic Majesty, of his Moll Christian Majesty, and of his Catholic Majesty, in virtue of oUr respectiv'e full Powers, have signed the present Preliminary Articles, and have caused the Seal of Our Arms to be put thereto. Done at Fontainebleau the Third Day of November 1762.

Bedford, C. P. S. Choiseul, Due El Marquis

[L. S.] de Prajl de Grimaldi.

[L. S.] [L. S.]

Translation of a Declaration signed at Fontainebleau the 3d of November 1762, by the French Plenipotentiary relating to the Thirteenth Article of the Preliminaries.

His Moll Christian Majesty declares. That in agreeing to the 13th Article of the Preliminaries, signed this Day, he does not mean to renounce the Right of acquitting his Debts to his Allies; and that the Remittances which may be made on his Part, in order to acquit the Arrears that may be due on the Subsidies of preceding Years, are not to be considered as an Infraction of the said Article.

In Witness whereof, I, the under-written, Minister Plenipotentiary of his Mod Christian Majesty, have signed the present Declaration, and have caused the Seal of my Arms to be put thereto. Done at,

the 3d Day of November 1762.

[L. S.] Choiseul, Due de Prajlin.

Translation of the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at Fontainebledu, Novembet 3d, 1762, by the

Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain, , and

In the Name of the Moll Holy Trinity.

The King of Great Britain, and the Moll Christian King, animated with the reciprocal Desire to re-establish Union and good Understanding between them, as well for the Good of Mankind in general, as for that of their respective Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, having reflected' soon after the Rupture between Great Britain and Spain, on the State of the Negotiation of last Year, (which unhappily had not the desired Effect) as well as on the Points in dispute between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, their Britannic and Moll Christian Majesties began a Correspondence, to endeavour to find Means to adjull the Differences fulfilling between their said Majesties: At the same time the Moll Christian King having communicated to the King of Spain the-fe happy Dispositions, his Catholic Majesty was animated with the same Zeal for the Good of Mankind, and that of his Subjects, and resolved to extend and multiply the Fruits of Peace by his Concurrence in such laudable Intentions , Their Britannic, Catholic, and Moll Christian Majesties, having, iri Consequence maturely considered all the other Points, as well as the different Events which have happened during the coUrfe of the present Negotiation, have, by mutual Consent, agreed on the following Articles, which shall serve as a Bafts to the future Treaty of Peace. For which Purpose His Britannic Majesty has named and authorized John Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Hie. Mi-

nifter of State of the King of Great Britain, Lieutenant General of His Fort es, Keeper of His Privy Seal, Knight of the Moll noble Ci der of the Garter, and Mis Britannic Majesty’s MinisterPlenipoioiitiary to his Molt Christian Majesty; His Ca holic Majesty, Dorn Jennie Grimaldi,' Marquis de Grimaldi, Knight of the Moll Christian King’s Orders, Gentleman 011 lie Bedchamber to his Catholic Majesty in Employment, and his Am* baffador Extraordinary to his Molt Christian Majulvj And his Moll Christian Majesty has likewise named and authorized Cajar Gabriel de Duke of Prajlin,

Peer of France, Knight of the Most Christian King’s Orders, Lieutenant General of his Forces, Counsellor in all his Councils, and Minister and Secretary of Stats of his Commands and Finances; who, after having dnlv communicated to each other their full Powers, in good Form, have agreed on the iWUowing Articles.

Article I.

As soon as the Preliminaries shall lie signed and ratified sincere Fi iendfiiip shall be re-established between His Britannic Majesty and his Catholic Majesty, and between His said Britannic Majesty and his Molt Christian Majesty, their Kingdoms, Stales, and Subjects, by Sea and by Land, in all Parts of the World. Ordeis* shall be sent to the Armies ami Squadrons, as well us to the Subjects of 1 lie Three Powers, to Hop all llofti-lities, and to live in the moll perfect Union, forgetting What has passed, of which their So\ e-reigns give them the Order and Example. And for the Execution of this Article, Sea Palles shall be given on each Side for the Ships which shall be dilpatclied to carry the News of it to the respective Possessions of the Three Powers.

Article II.

His Most Christian Majesty renounces all Pretcnftons which he 1ms heretofore formed, or might have formed, to Nova Scotia or Acadia, in all its Parts, and guaranties the whole of it, with all its Dependencies, to tin* King of Great Britain. Moreover, his Most Christian Majesty cedes and guaranties to His laid Britannic Majesty, in full Right, Canada, with all its Dependencies, as well as the llland of Cape Breton, and all the other Itlands iii the Gulph and River of Lawrence, without Rellriction, and without any Liberty to depart from this Cellion and Guaranty, under any Pretence, or to trouble Great Britain in the Possessions abovementioiied. His Britannic Majesty, on his Side, agrees to grant to the Inhabitants of Canada the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He will, in Consequence, give the most ex-aft and the most effectual Orders, that 1 lis new Roman Catholic Subjects may pro fed- the Worthip of their heli-gion»according to the Uitcsof thefZewr/// Church, as far as the Laws oi Great Britain permit: I lis Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the French Inhabitants, or o: hers, who would have been Subjects of the Most Christian King in Canada, may retire in all Safety and Freedom whenever they please, and may fell their Ftiates, provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and transport their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being rest rained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except Debts or Criminal Prosecutions. I be Term limited for this Emigration being fixed to the space of Eighteen Months, to be computed Horn the Day of the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

Article III.

The Subjects of France shall have the Liberty of Filliing and Drying on a Part of the Coast of the llland ol Newfoundland, such as it is specified in the 13th Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, which Article shall be confirmed and renewed by the approaching Definitive Treaty, except what regards the llland of Cape f as well as the other Islands in the Mouth, and in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence :And I lis Britannic Majesty

contents to leave to the Most Chrilian King's Subjects the Liberty to filli in the Gulph of Lawrence, on Condition that the Subjects of do not exercisetlie

said Fishery but at the Distance of Three Leagues fi pin,

5 Geo. III. icf Novembris. 3^5

ail the Coasts belonging to Great Britain, as well those and the Grenadines, With thefameftipulations in Favour . of the Continent, as those of the Islands situated in of the Inhabitants of this Colony, as are inserted in the Ult an"nC the faitl Gulph of Saint Lawrence. And as to what re- Second Article for those of Canada; and the Partition Spain, lates to the Fishery out of the said Gulph, his Most of the Islands, called Neutral, is agreed and fixed, fd Christian Majesty’s Subjects shall not exercii’e the Fishery that those of Saint , and Tobago, shall

but at the Distance of Fifteen Leagues from the Coasts remain in full Right to England, and that that of Saint of the Island of Cape Breton. Lucia shall be delivered to France, to enjoy the same in

Article IV. like Manner in full Right; the Two Crowns reeipro-

The King of Great Britain cedes the Islands of Saint cally guarantying to each other the Partition so fti-'

Peter, and of Miquelon, in full Right, to his Most pulated.

Christian Majesty, to serve as a Shelter for the French Article IX.

Fishermen; and his said Majesty obliges himself, on his His Britannic Majesty shall restore to France the Island

Royal Word, not to fortify the said Islands, to ered no of Goree, in the Condition it was in when conquered;

Buildings there, but merely for the Conveniency of the and his Most Christian Majesty cedes, in full Right, and Fishery, and to keep there only a Guard of Fifty Men guaranties to the King of Great Britain, Senegal. for the Police: Article X.

Article V. In the East Indies:, Great Britain shall restore toFranct,

The Town and Port of Dunkirk shall be put into the the several Comptoirs which that Crown had on the State fixed by the last Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, and by Coast of Coromandel, as well as on that of Malabar, and former Treaties: The Cunette shall remain as it now is, also in Bengal, at the Commencement of HostilitieS provided that English Engineers, named by His Bri- between the Two Companies, in the Year 1749, in the tannic Majesty', and received at Dunkirk by Order of Condition in which they now are, on Condition that his His Most Christian Majesty, verify, that this Cunette is MoftChrrftian Majesty renounces the Acquisitions which only, of Use for the Wholesomeuefs of the Air, and he has made on the Coast of Coromandel, fmee the said the Health of tire Inhabitants. Commencement, of HolliJities between the Two Corn-

Article VI. parties, in the Year 1749.

Tn order to re-establiili Peace on the most solid and His Most Christian Majesty, on his Side, shall restore lading Foundations, and to remove for ever every Sub- all that he shall have conquered from Great Britain in ject of Dispute, with regard to the Limits of the Bri- the East Indies, during the present War; and he also tish and French Territories on the Continent of America, engages not to erect any Fortifications, or to keep any it is agreed, That for the future the Confines between Troops in Bengal. the Dominions of His Britannic and those of his Most Article XI.

Christian Majesty, in that Part of the World, shall be The Island of Minorca shall be restored to His Bri-irrevocably fixed by a Line drawn along the Middle of tannic Majesty, as well as Fort Saint Philip, in the same the River Mijfijjippi, from its Source, as far as the River Condition they were in when they were conquered by

Iberville, and from thence by a Line drawn along the the Arms of the Most Christian King, and with the'

Middle of this River, and of the Lakes Maurepas and Artillery that was there at the taking of the said Iflstnd, Pontchartrain, to the Sea; and to this Purpose the Most and of the said Fort.

Christian King cedes, in full Right, and guaranties to Article XII.

His Britannic Majesty, the River and Port of Mobile, F shall restore all the Countries belonging to the

and every thing that he possesses, or ought to have pof- Electorate of Hanover, to the Landgrave of Hejje, to

sessed, on the Left Side of the River Mississippi, except the Duke of Brunswick, and to the Count of La Lippe

the Town of New Orleans, and the Island in which it BuckeboUrg, which are, or shall be occupied by the Arms

is situated, which shall remain to France, provided that of his Molt Christian Majesty: The Fortresses of thef6

the Navigation of the River MiffifippiIhall be equally different Countries shall be restored in the same Condi-

free, as well to the Subjects of Great Britain, as to those tion they were in When they were conquered by the

of France, in its whole Breadth and Length, from its French Arms; and the Pieces of Artillery, which shall

Source to the Sea, and that Part exprefDy which is be- have been carried elsewhere, shall be replaced by the

tween the saidlflandof New Orleans and the Right Bank same Number, of the same Bore, Weight, and Metal.

of that River, as well as the Passage both in and out of As to what regards Hostages, exacted or given during

its Mouth. It is further stipulated, that the Vessels be*- the War to this Day, they shall be sent back without

longing to the Subjects 6f cither Nation shall not be Ransom.

flopped, visited, or subjected to the Payment of any Article XIII.

Duty whatsoever. The Stipulations, in Favour of the After the Ratification of the Preliminaries, France Inhabitants of Canada, inserted in the Second Article, shall evacuate, as soon as it can be done, the Fortresses shall also take place, with regard to the Inhabitants of of WcJ'el, and Guelders, and, in general, all the

the Countries ceded by this Article. Countries belonging to the King of Pniffta; and at the

Article VII. same time, the British add French Armies shall evacuate

The King of Great Britain shall restore to France the all the Countries which they occupy, or may then oC-Islands of Guadeloupe, of Marie Galante, of Degrade, cupy, in Westphalia, Lower Saxony, on the Lozcer Rhine,

of Martinico, and of Belleijle, and the Fortresses of the U and in all the Empire; and each shall

these Islands shall be restored in the same Condition retire into the Dominions of their respective Sovereigns: they were in when they were conquered by the British And their Britannic and Most Christian Majesties fur-Arins, provided that the Term of Eighteen Months, ther engage and protnife, nottofurnifli any Succour of

to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of any Kind to their respective Allies who shall continue

the Definitive Treaty, shall be granted to His Britannic engaged in the present War in Germany.

Majesty’9 Subjects who may have settled in the said Article XIV.

Islands, and other Place*? restored to France by the De- The Towns of Ojlend and Nieuport shall be evacuated fimtive Treaty, to fell their Estates, recover their Debts, by His Most Christian Majesty’s Troops immediately and to transport their Effects, as well as their Persons, after tire Signature of the present Preliminaries, without being restrained on account of their Religion, Article XV.

jot under any other Pretence whatsoever, except that of The Decision of the Prizes, made on the Spaniards Debts or of Criminal Profccntions. by the Subjects of Great Britain in Time of Peace, shall

Article VIII. be referred to the Courts of Justice of the Admiralty of

The Most Christian King cedes and guaranties to His Great Britain, conformably to the Rules established Britannic Majesty, in full Right, the Islands of Grenada, among all Nations, so that the Validity of the said V01. 29. 4 Z Prizes,

Peace with France

arid

Spain*

o

366

Prizes, between the Britishand Nations, shall be decided and judged according to the Law of Nations, and according to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation who shall have made the Capture.

Article XVI.

His Britannic Majesty tliail cause all the Fortifications to be deniolitlied which His Subjects tliail have erected in the Bay of Honduras, and other Places of the Ter-

ritory of Spain, in that Part of the World, Four Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty: And his Catholic Majesty shall not, for the future, fntfer the Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, or their Workmen, to be disturbed or molelted, under any Pretence whatsoever, in their Occupation of cutting, loading, and carrying away Logwood; and for this Purpose they may build without Hinderance, and occupy without Interruption, the Houses and Magazines necessary for them, for their Families, and for their Effects:. And his said Catholic Majesty allures to them, by this Article, the entire Enjoyment of what is above stipulated.

Article XVII.

His Catholic Majesty defills from all Pretension which lie may have formed to the Right of Fishing about the Island of Newfoundland.

Article XVIII.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to Spain all that he has conquered in the llland of Cuba, with the Fortress of the Ilavannah; and that Fortress, as well as all the other Fortresses of the said llland, shall be re-liored in the same Condition they were in when they were conquered by His Britannic Majesty’s Arms. Article XIX.

In consequence of the Rellitution stipulated in the preceding Article, his Catholic Majesty cedes and guaranties, in full Right, to His Britannic Majesty, all that Spain possesses on the Continent of North America, to the East, or to the South-east, of the River Mississippi and His Britannic Majesty agrees to grant to the Inhabit tants of this Country, above ceded, the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He will, in consequence, give the most exact, and the moli effectual Orders, that His new Roman Catholic Subjects may profess the Worlliip of their Religion, according to the Rites of the Roman Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit. His Britannic Majesty farther agrees, That the Spanish Inhabitants, or others, who would have been Subjects of the Catholic King, in the said Countries, may retire in all Safety and Freedom wherever they please, and may fell their Estates, provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and transport their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except Debts or Criminal Prosecutions: The Term limited for this Emigration being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty. It is further stipulated, that. His Catholic Majesty shall have Power to cause all the Efl'cdts that belong to him, either Artillery or others, to be carried away.

Article XX.

The King of Portugal, His Britannic Majesty’s Ally, is expressly included in the present Preliminary Articles, and their Most Christian and Catholic Majesties engage to re-establish the ancient Peace and FriendIhip between them and his most Faithful Majesty: And they promise,

ill. That there shall be a total Cessation of Hostili-tics between the Crowns of Spain and Portugal, and between the Spanish and French Troops on the one Side,

and the Portvguefe Troops, and those of their Allies,

on the other, immediately after the Ratification of these Preliminaries: And that there shall be alike Cessation of Hostilities between the respeiStive Forces of the Most Christian and Catholic Kings on the one Part, and those of the Most Faithful King on the other, in all other Parts of the World, as well by Sea as by Land;

A. 1762.

which Cessation shall be fixed on the same Epochs, and under the same Conditions, as that between Great Bri-> tain, France, and Spain, and shall continue till the Con* elusion of the Definitive Treaty betwen Great Britain, France, Spain, and Portugal.

2d. That all his Most Faithful Majesty’s Fortresses and Countries in Euro/)e,which shall have been conquer*

ed by the Spanish and French Armies, shall be rellored

in the same Condition they were in when they werecon-quered: And that, with regard to the Co-

ionics in America, or elsewhere, if any Change shall have happened in them, all Things shall be put again on tho same Footing the y were before the present War: And the Most Faithful King shall be invited to accede to the present Preliminary Articles as soon as shall be polfi-ble.

Article XXI.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been conquered in any Part of the AVorld whatsoever, by the Arms of Their Britannic and Most Faithful Ma-jesties, as well as by those of their Catholic and Molt Christian Majesties, which arc not included in the present Articles, either under the Title of Cessions, or under the Title of Rellitutions, shall he reiiored without Difficulty, and without requiring Compensations.

Article XXII.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Restitutions and the Evacuations to be made by each of the high contracting Parties, it is agreed. That the and French Troops shall proceed, immediately after the Ratification of the Preliminaries, to the Evacuation of the Countries which they occupy in the Empire, or elsewhere, conformably to the 12th and 13th Articles.

The llland of Belleijle shall be evacuated Six Weeks after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done.

Guadeloupe, Defirade, Marie and

St. Lucia, Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done.

Great Britain shall likewise, at the End of Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be doue, enter into Post'eflion of the River, and of the Port of Mobile; and of all that is to form the Limits of the Territory of Great Britain, on the Side of the River Mi/JiJfippi, as they arc specified in the 6th Article.

The llland of Goree shall be evacuated by Great Britain Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, and the llland of Minorca by France, at the same Epoch, or sooner, if it can be done: And, according to the Conditions of the 4th Article, France shall also enter into Post'eflion of the Islands of Peter and of Miquelon, at the End of Three Months.

The Comptoirs, in the East Indies, shall be rellored Six Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done.

The llland of Cuba, with the Fortress of the Ilavannah,

shall be rellored Three Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done: And, at the same time, Great Britain shall enter into Possession of the Country ceded by Spain, according to the 19th Article.

All the Fortresses and Countries of his Most Faithful Majesty, in Europe, shall be rellored immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty; and the Portuguese Colonies, which may have been conquered, shall be rellored in the Space of Three Months in the West Indies, and of Six Months in the East Indies, after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done.

In consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be font by each of the high contra6ling Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships which shall carry them, immediately after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty.

Article

290 Novembris.

t

1

3 Geo. III. 29° — 30°

Peace Article XXIII.

ith France ^jj the Treaties, of what Nature soever, which exilted

Suain. before the present War, as well between Their

p nic and Catholic Majesties, as between Their Britannic and Mod Christian Majesties, as also between any of the above named Powers and his Mod Faithful Majesty, shall be, as they are in Effect, renewed and confirmed in all their Points, which are not derogated from by the present Preliminary Articles, notwithstanding whatever may have been dipulated to the contrary, by any of the high contracting Parties: And all the Parties declare. That they will not fuller any Privilege, Favour, or Indulgence, to fubfili contrary to the Treaties above confirmed.

Article XXIV.

The Prisoners made respectively, by the Arms of their Britannic, Catholic, Mod Chridian, and Faithful

Majesties, by Land and by Sea, shall be restored reciprocally, and bona'side, after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty, without Ransom, payingthe Debts they shall have contracted during their Captivity: And each Crown shall respectively pay the Advances which shall have been made for the Subsidence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts and attested Accounts, and other authentic Titles, "which shall be furnished on each Side.

Article XXV.

In order to prevent all Causes of Complaints and Disputes, which may arise on account of Ships, Merchandizes, and other Effects, which may be taken by Sea, it is reciprocally agreed, that the Ships, Merchandizes, and Eli'eCis, which may be taken in the Channel, and in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the Ratification of the present Preliminary Articles, shall be reciprocally restored on each Side.

That the Term shall be Six Weeks, for the Prizes taken from the Channel, the Seas, and the North

Seas, as far as the Canary inclusively, either in

the Ocean or in the Mediterranean.

Three Months, from the said Canary Islands, as far as the Equinoctial Line, or Equator.

Lastly, Six Months, beyond the said Equinoctial Line, or Equator, and in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception, or other more particular Dif-tinction of Time and Place.

Article XXVI.

The Ratifications of the present Preliminary Articles shall beexpedited ingood and due Form, and exchanged in the Space of One Month, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Articles.

In Witness whereof, We, the under-written, Ministers Plenipotentiary of His Britannic Majesty, of his Catholic Majesty, and of his MoltChrillian Majesty, in virtue of our respective full Powers, have signed the present Preliminary Articles, and havecaufed the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Fontainebleau, the Third Day of November 1762.

Bedford, C. P. S. El MarqV de Choiseul, Due (L. S.) Grimaldi. de

(L. S.) (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 29.

Novembris. $6j

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lord Frederick Campbell acquainted the House, Queen’* That the Gentlemen appointed to attend her Majesty AniW to with the congratulatory Messageof this House, had at- con^jU^orr tended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say;

Gentlemen,

This new Instance of your Attention to Me, and Duty to the King, calls for My warmest Acknowledgments: The Prosperity of this Nation will ever be the First Object of My Withes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30° die Novembris;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prat EH s.

A Petition of the Provost, Bail lies, and Town Coun- Aberbrnbock cil of the Borough of Aberbrotho in North Bri- Two Pennies tain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Sco,s-forth, That the Situation of the Town of Aberbrothock renders a commodious Harbour there not only of the greatest Advantage to the Trade of the said Town, but is likewise of general Benefit to the Navigation of Great Britain, for the Protection of Ships, which, by contrary Winds, are prevented from failing Northwards, or entering into the Rivers of Toy or; and that, upwards of Thirty Years ago, the Foundation of a new Harbour was laid at Aberbrothock, and the Work was carried on at the Expence of the Town and Inhabitants thereof, whereby large Debts were contracted; and alleging, that the Town being unable to finish and complete the Works of the said Harbour, and to discharge the Debts contracted on account thereof, and to support the necessary Expence of the Repairs of the public Buildings and Streets of the Town, an Act passed in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon ever y Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the Town or Liberties of the said Burgh of Aberbrothock, to continue for the Space of Twenty-five Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which was directed to be levied and applied for building and repairing the said Harbour, and the Town-house and common Prison, and repairing and supporting the Streets and public Buildings, and for paying off and discharging the Debts of the Town; and that the Money arising from the said Duty, since the Commencement of the said Act, has been faithfully applied: But, as the Town Hill lies under a very heavy Load of Debt, contracted originally on account of the said Harbour, it will be impossible to repair and support the said Harbour, which has fullered considerably by some late Storms; and to pay off and discharge the Debts of the Town, and carry on the other necessary Works before mentioned, without a Continuation of the aforesaid Duty: And therefore praying. That the Imposition, or

Duty,

Nottingham

Writ.

Fy field Road.

Supply.

568

30° Novembris.

A. 17 62.

Duty, granted by the Act of the 1 ith of King George the Second, before recited, may be continued, from the Expiration of the said Act, for the further Space of Twenty-five Years, to be levied and applied in such Manner as the House shall order anddireft; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday lait. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fume was read; and is as lolloweth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Rt/olved, NeminecontradkeiUe,

That this House doth agree with the Committee in

granted to His

And it is referred to Mr. Scott, Mr. Hope WeSir

Charles Mor daunt, Sir. Kynaston, Mr. Guynne, Mr. Pye, the said Resolution, That a Supply b Sir John Glynne, Mr. Paterjbn, Mr. Glover, Mr. Serjeant Majesty.

Hctvitl, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Trijjte , and all the Members who serve lor North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Right Honourable Robert Sulim, commonly called Lord Robert Sutton, deceased.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by Two several Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Fi/field, in the County of Berks, to St.John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and for repairing the Road from an Inn called the Hind's Head,

in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which Hands in the and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this said County of Berks; was referred; That the Com- I louse.

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Year 1762, have been disposed of, distinguished under . Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s their several Heads.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, viz. ftiewing the Monies arisen within the respective I lalf-

To prove the Allegations of tire said Petition, the years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1762, and the said Acts of the Sixth and Tw’elfth Years of hs late 10th Day of October 1762; as well of, or for, tire Ex-

Majesty’s Reign were read. cess or Surplus of the Fiyid commonly called the Ag-

And a Member present informed your Committee, gregate Fund, as of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the That he had lately travelled the said Road, on Purpose Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also,

Estimatts.

Ordered, That an Fftimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy, for the Year 1763, with the Half-pay Officers of Ar(i,v the Navy, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That an Fftimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for I and Service, for the Year 1763, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Fftimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1763, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1763, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Ont-pensioners of ChelJ'ea Hospital, for the Year 1703, be laid before this House.

of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gracioufty pleased to give

this

to make Observations on the fame, and found it to be in a very ruinous Condition, which was confirmed by several other Members present.

And, in order to ftiew the Imprafticability of repairing the same without an Increase of the Toll, he pro- Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before duced to your Committee an Account of the said Turn- House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, pike for Five Years last past, by which it appeared that Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His there is aDebt of £. 2,300 due upon the Credit of the Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Tolls, and that the annual Expence of repairing the said Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Road considerably exceeds the Income of the Tolls.

And he added, That the said Act is, in many Parti- Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account; oulars, very defective; and that it will be impossible House an Account of the Total Values of the Exports Imports effectually to repair the said Road, unless the said Act. fcom England to Sjoain, Portugal, Italy, and the Streights; R^m be amended, and further continued. and of the Imports from the same into England, from

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Christmas 1755 to Clirijtmus 1761, or as low as the Ac-enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts counts are made up; d iftinguishing each Year, and each of Parliament, of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his Country, with the Exceedings of the several Exports late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fy~ upon the Imports, or of the Imports upon the Ex-.field, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in ports, the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called the

Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston , in the said County of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which Hands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts more efVeftual: And that Mr. Pye, Mr. Blackstone, and Sir John Glynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clack.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-

Meulen *i Nat.

»77 :*

Lem1 ford, &c. Kmd.

; A: t

; w

1

Dunstable

Road.

3 Geo. III. i0 Decembris. 3^9

Mercuriiy I® die Decembris;

Anno 3* Georgii III1" Regis, 1762. Prayer*.

<yO/j;i VanderMeulen took the Oaths appointed, in

Jorder to his Naturalization.

A Bill for Naturalizing John Vander Meulen was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir Eduard Winninglon, Mr. Buller, Sir Armine

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Darner, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Howard, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Be/l, Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Mills, Sir John

Gibbons, Mr. Barroio, Mr. WBootle, Mr. Byde,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bull: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bye reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford in the County of Hertford, to and from thence

to Corey's Mill; and from Wthrough Coddicott,

to Hitchin, in the said County; and also for repairing

the Road from Corey's Mill to Hitchin aforesaid; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Runnington, Clerk to the Trustees, laid before your Committee an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls for Eight Years last past, by which it appeared. That, in that Time, there had been receiver! the Sum of £.3,289 os. and dif-

bursed the Sum of £.3,217 19*. 6%d. and also another Account, by which it appeared, that there is now owing upon the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £.1,700.

Mr. John Bury, Surveyor, said, He had taken a Survey of the said Roads; and that, in order to make the same safe and commodious for Passengers, it is necessary, that Two Bridges should be erected; that several Parts of the Roads want to be widened, and that the Roads in general want to be effectually repaired; and he laid before the Committee an Eliimate of the Expence of the Works necessary to be done upon the Roads, amounting to £.2,291 ior. od.

Mr. John Runnington, and Mr. John Bury, severally said. That the said Roads could not be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term of the Acts was further continued* and some further Provisions were made by Parliament for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue, and render more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Wellwyn and Stevenage, and by Corey's Mill, to Hitchinj and from Wellxvyn, through Coddicott, to flitchin, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Byde and Mr. Houblon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in VOL.29.

execution Two Acts passed in the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bidl Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shaford House, in the County of Hertford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Payne, Clerk to the Trustees, laid before your Committee an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads by which it appeared. That, in Four Years and an Mali’, tlte Sum of£.2,025 3*. od. had been received; and that there had been disbursed the Sum of £.2,943 or. 2d.

Mr. Geo. Bicker ton, Treasurer and Surveyor to the Trustees, produced an Account, by which it appeared, That there was owing, upon the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £.2000.

And the said. Mr. Payne and Mr. Bickerton said, That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept, in Repair, and the Money now due upon the Credit of the said Acts repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are enlarged, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, at Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Byde and Mr. Houblon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pye prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks to John's Bridge, in the County of and from an

Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingjtoii Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which Hands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Thomas Smith, Gentleman, of Weybridge, in the County of Surrej/, Richard Willis, juuior, of Littleton, in the County of Middlesex, and also Jof. Bevens, and Jof. Coxcper, Servants to the said Thomas Smith, did several times, in the Month of September last, enter upon the Manors and Estates of Sir John Gibbons, Knight, of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, (a Member of this House) situate in the Parish of Stanxoell, in the said County of Middlesex, with Hounds, and killed his Game, although they were several times forbid to hunt there; and that the said Thomas Smith did, in a most violent and outrageous Manner, assault and Rbufe the said Member; and that the said Jof.Bevens and Jof.Cowper assaulted and abused

Charles Dyer, a menial Servant to the said Sir John, Gibbons;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of tha laid Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

6 A Ordered,

Fvfield

Road.

Privilege.

l

37°

Account: Ordered, TIrat the proper Officer or Officers do Jay l"»p<rt* before this House, an Account of the Value of all the xports. £Xports an(j Imports to and from the Kingdom of Great Britain and Canada, in America, with its Dependencies, as well as the Island of Cape , and all the

other Elands-in the Gulph and River of St. since the Conquestof the same respectively by His Majesty‘s Arms; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Ditto. before this House, an Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Great , and the IslandsofCrHflde/oMpe, Mariegalante, Dejirade, and Marti nico, in the West Indies, since the same have respectively been conquered by His Majesty’s Arms; distin-guishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Ditto. before this House, an Account, of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Great Britain and the Iffand of Goree, and to and from Senegal, in Africa, since the Conquest of each by His Majesty’s Arms, distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Ditto. before this House, an Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from the Kingdom of Great Britain, and His Majesty’s Settlements, in North America, from Christtnas 1739 to Christmas 17G1, or to the Time when the last Accounts were made up, distin-^uifliing each Year, and each Place.

1762.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the AnfWr House, That their Address of Yesterday, That His j,0^. Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, ‘

That the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein men- Estimatcs, tioned, might be laid before this House; had been &c-presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur* Account: suant to their Address to His Majesty, AwnEura

Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between 25th December 1761 and 31st October 17G2, both inclusive; and also,

Account of the Application of such Part of the Sum Ditto, of One Million as was iff'ued before the 31st October 176 2,pursuant to the Power given by an Act pass'ed in the last Session of Parliament, for issuing and applying any Sum, not exceeding One Million, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 17G2; and also,

A Paper, intituled, " Distribution of £. 1,000,000 voted upon Account, for the Extraordinary Services of the Combined Army, in Germany.'’

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

The said Accounts and Paper are as followeth; viz.

i* Decembris.

r

ACCOUNT

3 Geo. III.

i" Decembris.

371

ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between 25th

December 1761, and 31st October 1762, both inclusive.

Dates of Warrants.

1762. Jenirij. 28

To Cadi paid Melt. Andrew Drummond and Company, to satisfy and discharge «'i Bill of Exchange, drawn in their Favour by MelTrs. Pye and Cruikjhanks, by Order of Lieutenant Col. Pito answer the Expences of Forage, and

other 'Things, for the Combined Army in Germany 3,691 8 7

To D" paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D*, by Order of Lord Granby, for D° Service To D" paid 1)*, to satisfy I)*, drawn by D% by Order of Lieutenant Col. PierJ'on, for D® Service -Febry. 18. To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D#, by Order of D#, for D® Service -24. To D° paid D°, to satisfy D°, drawn by D®, by Order of D°, for D’ Service - -

To D° paid D*, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®,

for D® Service - -- -- - 2,680

March 8. To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®,

for D® Service ....

31. To D" paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

To D" paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

April 7. To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D° Service -

26. To D" paid D°, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

28. To D® paid D°, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

To D® paid D®, to satisfy D°, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D" Service - -

29 To D° paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®,

for D® Service -

May 1 o To I)® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

15 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®,

for D® Service -

13 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by Messrs. , Rich, and Wilkinson, by Order of Lt. General Howard, for D®,

Service - -

5 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of Lord Granby, for D® Service - -

To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order, of D°, for D® Service -

16 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®,

for D° Service -

August iz To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of Lt.

General Hcivard, for D® Service 26 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D°, drawn by D®, by Ordpr of D®, for D® Sen ice -

Scptr. 9 To D® paid D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, by Order of D®, for D® Service -

June

July

3.691 8 7

9.369 2 10

2.699 18 10

90,000 — —

3,010 l7 10

2,680 6 7

95.576 1 5

8,810 13 2

5.911 2 8

90,000 — —

90,000 — —

2,790 10 5

7,660 7 8

4,948 — ' —

90,000 — —

<T> CO 18 3

1,472 1 1

90,000 — —

5.179 4 10

9,oco — —

5i7 18 6

2,367 2 —

16,503 1 5

70,000 — —

5,49° 7 7

Febry. 12 20

To Rcberl lVilfon, Esq. One Moiety of £. 16,000 to enable him to deliver at

Bremen2om. Qrs of Oats - - - 8,000-----

To MefTrs. Amyand and Tierney, to enable them to deliver at

D° a Quantity of Wheat, Sic. - - - 20,000-----

March To William Willy, Esquire, for D® Service 15 To D®, for D® Service - -

To Francis Gare, Esquire, for D® Service To Melfrs. Amyand and Tierney, for D® Serice 30 To William Willy, Esquire, for D® Service Voi. 29.

- 1,000-----

- 10,000 — —

’ 20,000-----

- 10,000-----

-v 10,000 ——

s.

714,160 3 8

To

372 i°

Dates of Wariauts.

1762. f s d

7 To MefTrs. fro;y</wd and Tierney, for D° Service - . 20)oooo — __’

To William Willy, Esquire, for D8 Service ... 10,000____

May 8 1 o MefTrs. Amyandand Tiernei/, for D° Service - . 20,000____

25 To William Willy, Esquire, for I)8 Service ... 12,oooo____

June 2 To Francis Gave, Esquire, for D° Service ... 12*000____

21 1 o MefTrs. Amyand and* Tiernn), for D° Service - . 30,000_

July 23 To William Willy, Esquire, for D8 Service ... 4,800_ ___

August 9 To llobert WUJ'on, Esquire, to complete the Sum of/. 16,000

for D8 Service.....8,000-----

1761 ,_

October 21 To Mr. Alt, Minister from the Landgrave of Hesse in full of all Monies

due to the said Landgrave for Subsidies, for the Years 1757, 1758, and *759 ^>531 17 4

1762.

Jann/. 23 To D°, to complete the Pay of his Troops for the Years 1757

and 1758 ..... 8,995 14 2

Mai/ 10 To Lieut. General 1 fincurd, to provide himself with an Equipage, and to defray the Expeiiees of his Journey to the Combined Army in Germany — Janry.2S To 14 5 Days Pay of David Cuthbert, Esquire, at 3 a Day, as Commissary cf Control, attending the Combined Army in Germany, from 9 to

31 December 1761 ..... 435 — —

To 14 5 Days Pay of John Level, Esquire, as D° at D°, from

D° to D8..... 435 -

To 145 Days Pay of Thomas Pozcn Esquire, as D8 at D8, from D8 to D8 - - - r - - - - 435 — —

Fcbry. z To 204 Days Pay of Henry JIulton, Esquire, as D8 at D*, from

11 June to D° - - 612-----

To 204 Da vs Pay of Sir James Cockburue, as D#at D8, from

D° to D°.....612-----

To 237 Days Pay of William Frafer, Esquire, as D° at D\

from 9 Mayto D* - - - - 711 — - —

To 204 Days Pay of Michael Hatton, Esquire, as D°, at 5

a Day, from ix June to Ditto - - - - 1,020-----

To 237 Days Pay of Thomas Higgins, Esquire, as D*, at

a Day, from 9 May to D8 - - - 474 — —

To 204 Days Pay of Eilivd. Blakeney, Esquire, asD®, at £. 3

a Day, from 11 June to D8 - - - 612-----

To 237 Days Pay of Wm. Nqffau Esquire, asD*,at

£. za Day, from 9 May to D8 - - - - 474 ---

To 237 Days Pay of Charles Arnold, Esquire, as D* at D%

from D* to Da - - - - 474 — —

To 237 Days Pav of Charles Mason, Esquire, as D* at D",

from D* to D° - - - - 474-----

To 237 Days Pay of John Dyer, Esquire, as D* at D*, from

D° to D° - - - - 474 ---

To 204 Days Pay of Thomas HalJ'ey, Esquire, as D°, at £. 3

a Day, from 11 June to D8 - - - 612 ——

To 204 Days Pay of Frederick Ha Esq. as a Commissary

in Germany, at^.3 a Day, from 1 \june to 31 December 1761 612-----

8 To 271 Days Pay of Lieut. Colonel Brozvn, for settling with

a French Commissary the Expc*.ices of maintaining rrifo-ners of War taken by either Army, from 30 1761,

to 26 Janry. 1762, at £.3 a Day - - - - 813 — —

18 To 136 Days Pay of 5 Under Deputy Commissaries, between

the 11 June and the 24 October 1761 > - - 198 6 —

22 To 205 Days Pay of Lieut. Col. PierJ'on, as Inspector, Supervisor. Sc. to the Combined Army in Germany, from 10

June to 31 December 1761, at A 8 a Day - 1,640 — —

March 8 To 245 Days Pay of Lieut. Col. Johnston, for mustering the Foreign Troops in the Army in Germany, from 1 May to 31 December 1761, at £.3 10s a Day - - - 857 10 —

April 7 To 151 Days Pay of Robert Boyd, Esquire, for mustering the HTroops, at £. 3 10s. a Day, from 1 November 1761 to 31 March 1762 - - - - 528 10 —

To 83 Days Pay of Thomas Pozvna, Esquire, as Commissary of Control, from 1 Janry. to 24 March 1762, at £. 3

a Day - - - 249-----

lo defray the Expences of sundry Officers, whom the said

Poicnalcarried over for the Use of the Commissariat - 500

ao To Richmond Webb, Esquire, on account of his Pay as a

Commissary in Germany -..... 273 __

A. 1762.

£ s. d.

195»8oo — . __

15>5*7 u 6 800-----

To

A

3 Geo. III.

i® Decetnbris.

Dntes of Wairaits.

1)62

28

May 10 15 18

June 12 July 14

3i

Augvfti-]

October i

To Daniel Weir, Esquire, on Account of Pay due to him, on

the 24 June 1762, as D® - 273 — —

To Peter Legh, Esquire, on Account of D®, due to him at

D®, as D®, in D® - - - - 273 — —

To Lieut. Colonel Faucilt, on Account of D®, due to him at

D®, as D®, in D* - - - - , 273 — —

To Ruvignyde Cofne, F.squire, for settling the Claims of the

Landgrave of Hesse Cq/hcll, to the 30 July 1762 - - 3x8 10 —

To Charles Rromfield, Esquire, on Account of his Pay, as

Commissary in Germany, to the 22d August 1762 - 182 — —

To 91 Days Pay of Robert Boyd, Esquire, for muttering the liejfianTroops, from 1 April to 30 June 1762, at£.3. ior.

a Day.....- - - 3x8 10 —

To 181 Days Pay of Lient. Col. Johnston, for muttering the

foreign Troops, from the 1 January to the 30 June 1762, at £.3. ior. a Day - - - ..... 633 10 —

To 179 Days pay of Lieut. Col. Brown, for settling with French Commissaries ..... ,537 — —

To 181 Days Pay of Charles Arnold, Esquire, as Commissary,

at £.z a Day, from D°toD® - 362 — —

To 181 Days Pay of Thomas Higgins, Esquire, as D®, at D®,

from D* to D® - - 362 — —

To 181 Days Pat' of Henry Hulton, Esquire, as D®, at /. 3 a

Day, from D® to D® - - ..... - - 543 — —

To 181 Days Pay of William Fra/er, Esquire, as D®, at D®, from D® to D® - - 543 — —

To 181 Days Pay of John Dyer, Esquire, as D®, at a

Day, from D° to D° - 362 — —

To 181 Days Pay of Edroard Blakeney, Esquire, asD®, at

jf-3 a Day, from IT to D® - - - 543 — —

To 181 Days Pay of Charles Mason, Esquire, as D®, at £. 2

a Day, from D® to D° - - - - 362 — —

To 83 Days Pay of Sir James Cockburne, as D®, at £.3 a

Day, from D° to 24 March ----- 249 — —

To 91 Days Pay of Joseph Leach, Esquire, as D®, at /.2 a Day, from 16 June to 14 September 1762 - - - 182 — —

To 183 Days Pay of Thomas Potonall, Esquire, as Director of the Office of Controul, from 25 March to 23 September 1762, at/.5 a Day - 915 — —

To 91 Days Pay of Lieut. Col. Faucilt, as Commissary, from

25 June to23 September 1762, £t £.3 a Day - - 273-----

To John Mudie, Esquire, on Account of his Pay as D®, to

3d October 1,62 ..... 273-----

To John Oliphant Colefworthy, Esquire, on Account of D®, at /.2 a Day, from the 19 October 1762 182 — —

May 10 To Philip Bnrlton, Esquire, for his Pay as Inspector General of the Regimental Infirmaries, and Chief Director of the Hospitals in Germany, to the 24 December 1761- - -

To Mr. Hunter's Warrant of the 15 May 1759, for Forage, fife, for the Hanoverian Corps of Light horse ——

15 To Messrs. Ma gens and Amyand, in discharge of Commission, fife, on the Sums

remitted by them, for the Troops serving in Germany 20,755 — — June -i 6 To Mefl'rs. Walpole, Mellish, and in Discharge of

Ditto, remitted by them for Ditto - 10,560-----

Jnnry.

23

V

OL.

29.

To Messrs. Colebrook, Nr foilt, and Franks, for the Difference of Flour, which

exceeded the usual Allowance of Bread, for the Forces in North America ----- - 1,034 6 5

To D", for Provisior.s delivered, by Governor Murray's Or- ders, to Mr. Jacob llowe, Deputy Commissary of Stores and Provisions, between the 26 July and the 17 September 1761 ... - - . - 2,854 4 11

To I)®, for various Species of Provisions, which were sent from Albany to New York, to be put on board Transports for Quebec, between the 29 July and the nth of

Augijl 1761- - - - - 5,860 11 2

To D®, for D®, delivered by Governor Murray's Orders, to Mr. Daniel Jl Teir, Commissary of Stores and Provisions, be-t’.veen the 7 Augijl and 17 September 1761 - - 24,886 17 6

To D®, for D°, delivered the Troops on an Expedition against

the CUerokces, between 25 May and 26 August 1761 - 7,085 8 9

21,484 16 —

1,191 10 —

757 7 a

SL3I5-----

5»

374

Daies of Wat rants.

I }b2

i* Decembris.

Fcbry, 8

2 tl

9 5

12

March 15 18

27

30

2,152 18 9

14,078 3 8

20,407 5 4

12,369 7 3

489 10 3

— 6

15 1

15 4

10 D* for the Difference of Flour, which exceeded the usual

Iffncs of Bread, upon Account - - - 358

To D’for various Species of Provisions, furnished the Troops

on an Expedition under Major General - - 8,387

To D® for Flour, delivered the Troops at the Back Posts in

Canada ....

ToD" for Provisions, issued to the Forces in North,

from 30 July to 9 September 1761 -

To D®, for various Species of Provisions furnished the Troops under General Moncton -

To D" for D®, issued to the Forces in New England, New . York, New Jersey, and Canada, between the 10 September,

and the at October 1761- - -

To D* for D‘, issued to the distressed French Families in the Island of St.John's, Xc. from 28 May 1760, to 26 July

1-61 ——

To D° for D°, delivered by Order of the late Governor

Whitmore, to the Garrison of Louijbotirg - - -- 21,001

To D® for D®, issued to the Forces in North America, from

26 March to 18 December 1761 - - - - 18,133

To D° for D°, issued to D* in D‘, from 22 October to the 2d

December 1761 ----- - 6,917

April 7 To D® for D°, iliipped by Order of General Amherst, for the

Ule of the Garrison of Louijbourg- - - - 6,514

To D° for D®, supplied the Troops on an Expedition against

the Cherokees, between the 26 Aug an<l the 25 October

1761.....- 4,851 t 3

To D° for fresh Meat and Flour, supplied the Troops at caster and Carlisle, and westward of Carlisle, between 26 August and the 25 December 1761 - - - 2,302 14 8

To D® for Provisions, issued to the Troops at Philadelphia,

between D° and D® - - - " 39 46

To D° for D®, damaged and condemned as unfit for the Use

of the Troops, between the 25 March and 31 October 1761, at sundry Posts and Places, westward of Albany, extending to Niagara, and northward thereof to Canada *>336 3 7

To D® for D°, issued to the Forces in North America, from 3

December 1761, to 13 January 1762 - - - 2,290 9 H

To D° for D\ issued to D° in New York and New Jersey,

between the 14 January and the a February 176 - 1,433

To D® for D®, supplied the Troops on an Expedit ion against the Cherokees, between 26 October \ 761, and 10 Febry. 1762 9,882

To D° for Provisions delivered to Mr. Jacob Rowe, Deputy Comraissary of Stores and Provisions, by Order of Governor Murray, between the 22 September 1761, and the 12

November following - 1,19° x7 ®

To D* for D", sent by General Mondlon's Order to the Troops serving in the Southern District, between the 26 October, and the 25 November 176-1 ----- 1*667 17 11

To D® for D°, delivered by Govr. Murray's Order, to Mr. Jacob Rowe, Deputy Cotnmissary of Stores and Provisions, between the 22 September and the 12 November 1761 - 26,441

To D® for D°, supplied the Sick in the Hospital at Quebec,

between the 23 August, and the 24 November 1761 - 63

To D° for D®, shipped for the Use of the Troops under General Moncton - -- -- - 6,952

To D° for D®, issued to the Troops within the Province of South Carolina and Georgia, between the 3d December 1761, and the 25 March 1762 -

To D® for D®, issued to D° in the Western District at Fort August a ,from 25 June 1761, to the 25 April 1762, and Philadelphia, from December 1761, to the ic, April To p® for D®, issued for the Use of the Troops on board 1 ransports, bound to Martinique -To D® for D®, issued to the Officers, Detachments, and Par- tics of sundry Corps at Quebec ----- To D’for Flour, issued to the Forces in the Hospitals at Quebec, Xc.between the 30 January and the 1 March 1762, as also for Persons victualled at sundry Places, be-tweeu the 3d July and 19 November 1761 -lo D® for Provisions, issued to the French Prisoners at Quebec, Xc. between the 22 September and 15 October 1761 651

May 3

July 1

7 7

15 —

xo

9 5

12

ib

i>521 *5 7

253 12 2

2,255 4 7 147 8 8

203 10 o

A. 1762.

10

3 Geo. III.

Decembris.

Dates of Warrants.

1762

2 t

May 24

Febry. 2 April 7 July 6 Febry. 8 12 8

May 19

July 6

Scptr. 2

17 6r Janry. 16

To D° for victualling the Garrison of Quebec, between the 1 August 1761, and the 29 March 1762, pursuant to Contract To John Blackburn for Provisions, delivered for the Use of

the Troops on the Islands of Cape Breton, and St. John, under the Command of the late Gov. Whitmore To Chauncy Toumshend, Esquire, for victualling 367 Men at Newfoundland, ifrom the 24 September to 25 December 1761 To n° for victualling D*, atD°, from the 26 December 1761, to 23 March 1762 -

To D° for victualling D®, at D®, from the 24 March to 23 June 1762 -

To D® for victualling the Forces at Nova Scotia, between the 7 September and the 1 November 1761 To D° for victualling D°, at D°, between the 2 and 29 November 1761 - -

To I)° for victualling D®, at D®, between the 30 November and the 27 December 1761 - -

To D° for victualling D®, at D®, between the 28 December 1761, and 24 Janri/. 1762 - -

To D® for victualling D®, at D", between the 25 Jany.

and 2i March 1762 - -

To D® for viCtuatling D®, at D°, between the 22 March and 16 May 1762 -

To Sir William Baker, Christopher Kilby, and Richard Baker, Esquires, for victualling sundry Garrisons within the Pro- vince of Pensylvania, within the Months of Jamy. 1759, and 25 March 1760 -

Febry. 2 To D° for Provisions, i fined to the Forces within the Province of South Carolina, between the 6 May 1757, and 25 March 1760 -

1762

March 8

*5

*7

To D® for various Species of Provisions, imported into the Garrison of Louijbourg, in the Month of July 1759 To D® for D®, damaged, condemned, and destroyed, between the 10 December 1758, and the 29 1759

To D®, for Provisions, irregularly issued to the Troops in North America, and for Provisions damaged and rendered unfit for Use -

To D® for D®, put on board Transports by Order of Lord Loudoun, in the Months of April and May 1757, and by long keeping the re were rendered unfit for Use, Sic.

11,082 4 9

2,028 — 10

CO 3 4

740 2 4

773 *5 2

4,118 3 5

1,714 10 8

2»524 2 2

1,281 9

3.403 12 1

3,069 6 10

6,017 14 6

2,264 8 —

2,227 6 3

366 14 11

6,888 7 7

4,472 8 3

Voted on Account, for victualling Nova

£. 269,825 7 10

Scotia and Newfoundland D® for victualling Quebec

- 11,529 ‘ 33>458

8

6

9

8

44>987 *5 5

April 22 To Matthew Woodford, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account for victualling Annapolis, to 25 December 1760 -

M ay24 To satisfy and dischargeTwo Bills of Exchange, drawn by William Whitehead, Agent to the ContraClors for victualling the Navy at Antigua, for Provisions issued by him for the Use of a Detachment from the 38 Regiment of Foot

1761

Nov. 17

To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Campbell Dalrimple,

Garrison

1762

Janry. 23 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®,

To satisfy D®, drawn bJ D®,

To satisfy D®, drawn by D",

March 27 To satisfy D®, drawn by D"

April 7 To satisfy D", drawn by D®

To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

26 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

May j To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

10 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

24 fy 1 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

June 14 To satisfy D°, drawn by D®

2.3 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

July To satisfy B", drawn by D®

Vol. 29,

1,000 — —

8

4

5

7

4 "

1.000

1.000 401

633

1.000

M5*

400 — - —

r0o-----

400 -

836 18 8

1.000 — —

400-----

400 — — -

375

224,837 12 5

1,718 8 6

876 ty

376

Date* of W arrant*.

1762

I. Decembris.

Scptr.

13

*3

3i

29

To satisfy D®, drawn by D® To satisfy D", drawn by D® To satisfy D®, drawn by D® To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

400 —

4,200 — 369 12 1,600 —

May 10 To satisfy D*, drawn by Major General Robt. Commander in Chief

on an Expedition against Martinique -24 To satisfy D®, drawn by D® -

June 23 To satisfy D°, drawn by D® -

July 5 To satisfy D#, drawn by D® -

To satisfy D°, drawn by D® .

13 To satisfy D°, drawn by D* -

23 To satisfy I)°, drawn by D# -

To satisfy D°, drawn by D® -To satisfy D®, drawn by D®

12 To satisfy D®, drawn by D° .

30 To satisfy D\ drawn by D® -

Septr. ix To satisfy D®, drawn by D® -

29 To satisfy D®, drawn by Ru/ane, Esquire

AuguH

9>398

4.000

1,761

257

1.000

765

*3*395

7*574

30,820

224

500

3>567

9,052

*3 9 13 5

13

10

8

18

4

3

3

11

Janry. 23 To satisfy and discharge D®, drawn by Lord Rollo, Governor of Dominica, for sundry contingent Charges of that Colony ... 1,000 — —

To satisfy D®, drawn by D°, for D® Service - - 2,137 2 —

To satisfy D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 500 — —

March 27 To satisfy D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 1,367 13 6

April 20 To satisfy D®, drawn by Charier Heathcoate, for D° Service 1,000 — —

June 14 To satisfy D®, drawn by Lord Rollo, for D® Service - 200 10 —

July 31 To satisfy D®, drawn by Charles Heathcoate, for D° Service 1,000-----

Oftobeno To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Henry Lyttleton, Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, for sundry Disbursements for the Service of the Mufquilo Shore -

Expedition under Major General Hodgson.

To 20 Days Pay of Major Hayman Rooke, as Aid de Camp to Major General

10

20

Dates of General Hodg-/on’s Warrants.

1761 May 23

Hodgson, from the 26 March to the 14 April 1761 October 6 To 83 Days Pay Col®. Wm. Rufane, as a Major Genl. at £.2 a Day, from 15 July to 5 October 1761 To 102 Days Pay of Thomas Cheap, Esquire, asCommissary of Stores and Provisions, at 1. 10. a Day, from 14 January to 25 April 1761 - -

To William Young, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital To Christopher Bath, Esquire, for Repairs carrying on at Belleijle - -

To 92 Days Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, from 15 July to 14 October 1761 -

To 02 Days additional Pay to the Adjutant and Quarter Matters General on the Expedition, with the Pay of an Assistant to each, from D® to D® -To Mr. Bembridge, for his Contingencies, as Deputy Paymaster, for 215 Days, from 14 March to 14 October 1761 Novr. 7 To Christopher Bath, Esquire, for contingent Expences of several Magazines -

9 To Thos. Al. Pincke, Esquire, for his D®, as Secretary to the Commander in Chief -

11 To Willm. Young, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital 30 To Robert Hayes, Esquire, for 6 Cords of Wood, for the Use

of the Forces - - ^....

Detr. z To Thos. Al. Pincke, Esquire, for his Disbursements as Secretary to the Commander in Chief -

15 To sundry Persons for unfpiking and new venting French

Guns upon the Island of Belleijle ..

16 To William Young, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital

1 s To Joseph Fades and James Whitilc, for clearing and brudiing French Guns upon the Island of Belleijle 24 To Christopher Bath, Esquire, for Repairs, and other necessary Expences carrying on in the Magazines -7 To John Hunter, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital 28 To Major General Crauford, for Contingeticies of the Garrison of lielleijle ....

IO —

166-----

153-----

400-----

100 — - —

M93 5 —

138 — — 119 4 10

100

33

400

10 8

4 16 —

16

73

400

4 4 13 6

45 x5

200 — — 300-----

A. 1763.

16,993 8 7

82,317 2 4

7,205 5 6 574 3 1

500-----

To

i° Decembr.

377

3 Geo. III.

Pale* of Warrant*.

/ ,

31 To 78 Days Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, from the 15 October to the 31 December 1761 ... 370 10

1762

Jewry; 1 To Christopher Bath, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, for carrying on His Majesty’sService in the several Magazines at Belleijle ----- - 9104

10 To Henry Roberts, Esquire, for Sauciffons, Fafcines, Gabions,

Sic. supplied by him for the Use of the Expedition - - 1,099 15 6

To 190 Days Pay of Major General Hodgson, as Commander in Chief on the Expedition, at 10 a Day, from the 15

July 1761, to the 20 Janry. 1762 ----- 1,900-----

To D* for Monies disbursed by him for secret Services, fending Expresses to England, Sic. hie. - - - 9815 —

To 98 Days Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers, from

15 October 1761, to 20 January 1762 - - - - 1,127-----

To 98 Days Pay of the Adjutant, and Quarter Master General,

and their Assistants, from D* to D° ----- 147-----

To Mr. Bembridge, for his Disbursements as Deputy Pay-

niafler - - - 115 10 6

16 To William Young, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital - 260-----

March to To James Loggie, Esquire, Captain of His Majesty’s Ship

Brilliant, for the Freight of £. 11,771. 19V. 8 at One per

Cent. - -.....- - 117144

To John Hunter, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital - - 100-----

11 To Major General John Craufurd, on Account of his Pay as

Governor of Belleijle -.....600 — —

To D# for the Balance of his Contingencies as Governor of

Belleijle.....181911

12 To Mr. Bembridge, for his Disbursements as Deputy Pay-

master - - - 120166

19 To Captain Thomas Nicholson, on Account of Contingencies 300-----

April 12 To John Hunter, Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital - - 200-----

July31 To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by James Forrester, Governor of Belleijle -

October 13 To satisfy and disciiarge D°, drawn by Thomas Barlow, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of D® Garrison -

Febry 8 To Samuel Touchet, Esquire, for Provisions and other Necessaries furnished by him, for the Use of the Garrison of Senegal, before the

Contract - - 4,973 5 2

March 19 To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for 900 Setts of Bedding, consigned to Richard Worge, Esquire, Governor of Senegal, for the Use of the Forces there ----- 1,906 — 9

April 21 To Thomas Maule, Esquire, for contingent Disbursements of

the Garrison of Goree ----- 250 7 —

To Captain Robert Grejly, for D® Service - - - - 35 18 7

July 5 To Lieut. Colo. Newton, for Money expended by him as Governor of Goree - - - - i,r8o 11 1

To Lieut. Colo. Worge, for his Disbursements as Govr.

of Senegal, to 31 ft Deer. 1761 - - - 5,550 5 6

16 To Captain Robert Grejley, for the contingent Disbursements of

the Garrison of Goree.....535 7 4

August 19 To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Major

Can/, for D° Service - 65-----

May 20 To satisfy and discharge D#, drawn by Major General Parjloiv, Governor of Gibraltar - -4,158 72

OcloberS To satisfy D®, drawn by D#.....2,927 19 3

June26 To Mr. Calcraft for Coals, delivered at D®, in the Months of

July and November 1761, and February 1762 - - - 5,605 4 9

March 8 To Mr. Budd, for keeping in Store sundry Provisions in the Garrison ofjerj'ey, to 14 September 1761 ----- 234 3 6

April 28 To D°, for D°, at D®, to 14 March 1762 - - - - 234 36

To D®, for D°, at Guernsey, to 14 Febty. 1762 - - - 23436

July 9 To MefTrs. Martyn and Boghurst, for Forage, Wood, &Y.

for the Forces encamped - 3,09! *5 11

14 To Samuel Tewktsbury, for D" Service ... 5,000-----

1761 -

May 13 To Lord George Beauclerk, for the Service of the Forces in

North Britain - - 300 — — -

Vol. 29. 5 C

11,239 1 5

15°-----

598 5 4

M,396 <5 0

12,691 II

702 10 6

8,091 15 11

To

37§

Dates of Warrants.

1762. April 12

Febry. 1

March 27 29

May . 18

.1

1

1° Decembfis.

A. 1762*

To D°, for the Service of D® in D® -

To Thomas Lejlie, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Firing, for the Forces in several Northern Forts from 25 Decemr. 1760, to 24 December 1761

To D®, for the Balance of his Account as Contractor, for victualling Fort George in North Britain -To Robert Gardner, Esquire, for Necessarics for the Use of the Troops in North Britain, an^jCharges of Encampment, fife. by Order of Lord George Beauclerk -To William Caufield, Esquire, towards the Expence of Roads

and Bridges to be made in North Britain 5,467 11 4

To D®, for Repairing Roads, fife. in D* - - 500-----

300 — —

- 3>3SS 19 6

20 12

2,639 4 5

5 $6 7

11

To 237 Days Pay of 2 Companies, formed into a Corps, under the Command of Major Freron, trom 1 February to the 24 December 1762

To 304 Days Pay of Major Ackland, asCommandant of a Corps of Invalids, from 24 February to 24 December 1762, at 8 s.a Day -

To i2i Days Pay of an Independent Company, commanded by Captain Ed card Pountney, from 25 December 1761, to 24 April 1762, at £.5. 58rf. a day -

To 182 Days Pay of aD®, commanded by Captain Reynolds, from 25 December 1761, to 24 June 1762, at D® Rate

To 257 Days Pay of a Colonel, and in lieu of a Company, added to Lieut.Colo. M'Doual'sBattalion, from

to ? 4 December, 1762, at /. 1. 4^. a Day -

To 365 Days Pay of One Company, added to Colonel Battalion, from 25 December 1761, to 24 December 1762 at £.5. 5 5. 8 d.a Day -

To 214 Days Pay of Major Clifle, asCommandant of aCorps

of Invalids, from the 25 May to 24 December 1762, at

7 s. 6 d.a Day....

To 257 Days Pay of Lord Blaneyl'sRegiment of Foot, from

12 April to 24 December, 1762, at /. 57. 11 a Day - 1 To 257 Days Pay of Colonel Armstrong's D®, from D® to D®, at /. 56. a Day - - - - -:

To 183 Days Pay of Colonel Fitzroy'sD®, from the 25

June to 24 December 1762,at/. 18. 12^. 4 a Day -To 183 Days Pay of Lieut. Colo. Lind, asCommandant of a Corps of Invalids, from D° to D°, at 7 s. a Day -To 365 Days Pay of One Company, added to Major Markham's Battalion, from 25 December 1761, to 24 December 1762, at/.4. 3^. id.a Day - - -To 183 Days Pay of Three Companies, added to Colo.

Forrejier's Battalion, from the 25 June to 24 December 1762, at/. 15. 17J. a Day To 309 Days Pay of a Colonel and a Chaplain, and in lieu of a Company added to D® Battalion, from 19 to

24 December 1762, at /.i. ios. 8c/. a Day To 183 Days Pay of One Company, added to Major Johnston's Battalion from 25 June to 24 December 1762, at /. 4. 3.9. id. a Day - -

To 183 Days Pay of a Lieut. Colonel, and in lieu of a Company; Major, Chaplain, Surgeon’s Mate, and One Company added to the Battalion now commanded by Lord War dearth, from D® to D®, /. 5. 17 4 a Day

To 113 Days Pay of an Independent Company, commanded by Captain Campbell, from 3 September to 24 December 1762, at/.5. 5 s.8 d.a Day -

To 113 Days Pay of a D°, commanded by Captain

from D" to D®, at D® Rate -

To 183 Days Pay of One Company added to Lieut.Colonel Bar re's Regiment, from the 25 June to 24 December 1762, at/. 5. 5 s.8 d.a Day.....966 17 —

To 185 Days Pay of Two Companies of the Militia, for the City and County of Bristol, added to the South Battalion of Gloucestershire, from 23 June to 24 December 1762, at /. 5. iox. 4 a Day - 1,020 11 8

To 88 Days Pay of the Militiafor the County of Carnarvon, from 28 September to 24 December 1762, at/.4. 6r. 1 a Day.....382 1 4

597 ~ 4 597 — 4

/. x.

3.594 5 6

I 2 I 12

639 5 8

96X 11 4

3°8 8 —

1,928 8 4

80 5 —

4.79° 7 —

4>392

3.4o6 17 —

64 1 —

L517 15 10

2,900 11 . —

473 16 —

760 19 6

i.°73 12 —

12*616 7 9

49,174

12 10

1,402 13

3 Geo. III.

I °Decembris.

Dates of W urrants.

1762.

April 28 To Major Hamilton, for the Pay of the CommiflSoned Officers of his Battalion to 24 Decemr.

May 19 To Major Nairne, for D® of his Battalion to D°

July 28 To D®, for the Pay of his Private Men, to D"

May 31 To Lieut. Colo. Beauclerk, for the Pay ofliis Commission-

ed Officers, to D°

To Colo. Greeme, for D" of the Commissioned Officers and Men of the iff Battalion of his Regiment, to D° -July 23 To D®, for D®, of the 2d Battalion of his Regiment to I)®

May 31 To Lieut. Colo. M'Douall, for D® of his Battalion, to

D®....

To Captain George Reynolds, for D® of his Independent Company, preceding their Establishment -June 14 To Lieut. Colo. Tonyn, for the Pay of the Officers of his Battalion precedingD" -

July 14 To Colonel Rufanc, for a Day’s Pay of his Regiment To Lieut. Colo. Morgan, for D® of his Regiment -28 To Captain James, for the Pay for the Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Independent Company, preceding its Establishmont -To Major M' Lean, for the Pay of the Officers and Men of his Battalion, preceding D* -

To Major Wedderburne, for the Pay of the Private Men of his Battalion, preceding D® -To D°, for D°, of One additional Company, preceding D®

To Lt. Colo. Oswald, for D° of his Battalion, to D° -To D®, for D° of additional Companies to his Battalion, preceeding D® -

Janry. 20 To complete 827 Days Pay of Captain Cofman, as Town Major of Quebec, from the 19 Septemr. 1759, to *l,e 24 Decemr. 1761, at 1 or. a Day - - 213 10 —

April 20 To the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers - - 10,188 5 11

June 14 To 365 Days Pav of Major Christ as Deputy Quarter Mailer General in North America, to 24 December 1761 - 182 10 —

To 365 Days Pay of Lieut. Colonel Robinfm, as D® in D®, to D® - - - - 182 10 7 —

To 12 Days Pay of the late Lord How, as a Brigadier General, in D®, from 25 June to 6 July 1758, at £. 1. 10s. a Day - - 18-----

468 19 8

481 17 — -

1,051 2

CO CO 12 6

1,287 I 2

914 8 5

1,894 3 5

140 5

719 4 10

‘>7 1 6

28 8 2

321 13 11

1,72s 4 4

OO 14 4

37i 17 2

1,809 3 8

816 9 11

July 2:

May i*]

To 206 Days Pay of Captain Evelyn, as a Major of Brigade in Germany ——

To 82 Days Pay of Captain Wood, as D® on the Expedition to Belleijle ——

To Major General Parker, as Commandant at to

12 May 1762 -

383 -

103-----

41-----

114 4 9

1762. Janry. 11

Febry. 12

April 12

*5

J9

May 1 o

To 341 Days Allowance to Major Blaguire, in lieu of a Troop in the 18th Regiment of Dragoons, from 19 Janry. to 24 1760 -

To 363 Days D® to D®, in lieu of D®, to the 24 December 1761 ——

To 296 Days D® to Lieut. Colo. Burgoyne, in lieu of D® in his own Regiment, from 2 March to 24 December 1761 ——

To 101 Days Pay of Ma jor Byng, as Commandant of a Corps, to the 24 June1761 - -

To 325 Days Allowance to Major Ackland, in lieu of a Company, from 3 Febry. to 24 December 1762 -

To 332 Days Pay of the Revd. Mr. Milne, as Chaplain to Lieut. Colo. Keith's Battalion, from 27 Janry. to 24

December 1761 -....

To 807 Days ray of Blackford Strong, Esquire, as a Super-

numerary Captain in the 74th Regiment, from 26 July 1758, to 8 September 1760 -

To 376 Days Allowance to Lieut. Colo. Buck, from 7 February 1739, to September 1760 To 296 Days Pay of Major Cliffe, in lieu of a Company, from the March to 24 December 1762 -

264 5 6

282 17 6

229 8 —

75 !5 —

162 10 —

110 13 4

403 10 —

28S —

148 —

Vol.

29-

379

*3>5C5 — 7

11.043

To

380 i0 Decembris.

Dates of Warrants.

1

t

1

1762.

August 6

1761. Novr. n

1762. April 19 28

30

August. 18 30

7anry- 25

»3

20

A/ay 24

23

ifprtY 7.

1761. Novr. xi.

1762.

jfowy. 11

25

4&ri7 19

20

Afoy 31

7«/y 23

6.

30

To 49 Days Pay of Major Godfrey, in lieu of D°, from 25 December 1761,10 11 Febry. 1762 - - - 24 10 —

To 56 Days Pay of the Revd. Mr. Cullogh, as Chaplain to the 97 Regiment from 25 December 1761, to 18 Febry.

1762 ----- 18 4

To the Pay of sundry supernumerary Captains, to the 24

June 1762 - 983 10 —

To 182 Days extraordinary Allowance to Officers going with Draughts to

the East Indies ----- 273-----

To 182 Days D" to D° going to D* - - - - 182 — —

To Colonel Owen, to be paid over to the sundry Officers

for conducing Drafts to Germany, under his Command - 1,707 4 —

To D*, for his own Disbursements, on D* Service - - 22363

To 'sundry Officers for D* Service - - - 325-----

To Colo. Traaupd for D° Service ----- 206 10 —

To sundry Officers for D# Service.....302 5 —

To Lieut. Greirfon, for conducting Drafts to Belle ifc - 38 — —

To Captain Robert Campbell, to be paid over to the sundry Officers for conducting Drafts to Germany, under his Command - -- -- - 429-----

To sundry extra Officers of the Hospital, to the 24 December 1760 To Mr. Cathcart, Director of the Hospital, for several Sums of Money paid

by him on Account of the Hospitals in Great Britain,

Germany, Sic. - - 3,200-----

To D*, to enable him to provide Bedding, fife, for an Hospital with the Forces upon an Expedition - - - 12,300-----

To D°, for the Balance of his Account, as Director of the

Hospitals in Flanders in 1749 - - - 21547

To D°, for the Hire of Nurses, Sic. at Carijbrook Castle, and for Regimental Infirmaries at the several Encampments in 1762.....750 — —

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines, Sic. forniffied by him for the Use of the Forces in 1761 -

To Mr Chaigneau, for Clothing Drafts from Ireland to Germany in 1759 and 1760 ——

To Major General Barrington, for providing 467 Wailt-coats for his Regiment -

To Major General Strode, for 85 D°, for Men drafted

from his Regiment....

To Lieut. Colo. M'Doual, in lieu of 61 Days Off-reckonings for his Regiment -To make good the Assignment of Off-reckonings for several Regiments ——

To D" for several D° in North America - -

To Mr. Mann, for Clothing, forniffied by him for Major Frerons Corps -

To D°, for sundry Species of Clothing, forniffied by him for the Use of the Forces under Lord Albemarle -To Major General Talbot, to complete 12 Months Offreckonings for One Company added to his Regiment -To Major Goreham, in lieu of 212 Days Off-reckonings for his Corps ——

To Colonel Scott, in lieu of Two Months Ditto, of a Company added to his Regiment -To sundry Regiments, in lieu of Two Months Off-reckonings 2,709

968 4 6

176 14 9

29 J5 —

45° 18 1

1,461 9 7

9*459 5 2

273 r 4 7

631 5 8

189 16 10

425 5 2

49 18 3

2,709 2 2

To Gimp Necessaries for the following Regiments.

Lord Panmure’s Regiment of Foot

Sir Ilany Erskine's -

I>ord Robert Manners's -

Colonel Lambert's -

Major General Brudenell's - -

2d Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards

Lieut. General Carr's -

399 1

399 1

399 1

293 18

399 1

399 1

399 1

8

8

8

6

8

8

8

t

A, 17

L r d.

2,991 12 8

3>686 5 3

3,704 15 r —

16,465 4 7 7,077 — 11

16,824 19 9

Seco l-ff

3 Geo

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

March 15.

May 5-3i-

30.

1761.

7a«ry. 14.

1762. Jannj. 13. Febnj. 12. April ii.

26. May 5.

31-

July 23-

Vol. 20.

III. i* Decembris.

38i

ad Battalion of the 2d Regiment of Foot Gtiards Lieut. General Kingsley's Lieut. General CormvaUis’s Sir John Griffin's Lieut. General Howard's Earl of Loudoun's Colonel Cratifurds Duke of Richmond's -Major General Hodgson’s Lieut. General Napier’s Lord George Beauderk’s Lieut. General Whitmore’s Lieut. Colonel Slav art’s Lieut. General Boclands Lieut. General Bofeawen’s (late) -Lieut. General Bofcawen’s -2d Battalion of 3d Regiment of Foot Guards Lieut. Col. Keith's Battalion Lieut. Col. Campbell’s Lieut. General Stuart's Major General Barrington’s Major Colin Campbell's

Colonel Armstrong's -

Lord Blaney’s -Lieut. General Howards Major Ogle’s -Major Nairne's -

Major Wedderbume’s -Major Deaken’s -Lieut. Col. Ofioald’s -Lieut. General Holmes's Major Hamilton’s Major General Pettitot's Lord Robert Manner’s Lord Robert Manner’s

Augmentation to 2d Regiment of Foot Guards Major Freron's Corps -Lieut. Col. Burgoyne's Dragoons -Col. Forrester’s Foot -

£ s. d.

399 I 8

?99 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

6:6 18 6

516 16 3-

399 I 8

399 I 8

399 I 8

516 16 3

262 3 3

399 1 8

399 1 8

399 1 8

396 5 4

354 *9 6

354 l9 6

399 1 8

393 *7 —

328 9 3

581 — 6

581 — 6

265 — —

189 7 —

189 7 —

267 16 8

189 7 —

311 6 —

399 1 S

189 7 —

399 1 8

244 *4 2

179 *4 6

60 3 5

"3 T7 11

L3*9 l9 6

3% 11 6

To D® for the following Regiments of Militia:

Cheshire ----- 272 16 ti

Eastern Battalion of the Suffolk - - - 23 5 6 —

Hertfordshire - -- -- - 226 19 6

ill Battalion of Essex ----- 235 6 —

Cornwall - -- 291 6 —

2 Battalions of Surrey - 21866

1 Battalions, and Two additional Companies of Gloucestershire 465 3 —

Berkshire ----- - 207 14 9

Wiltshire.....259 9 —

To Baggage Horses for Lord Blaney’s Regiment - - 276 5 —

To D® for Col. Armstrong’s ----- 253 15 —

To D" for sundry Regiments ----- 1,021 3 —

To Bas Horses for D® Regiments - - - 520 — —

To Bas Baggage, and 200 Days Forage, for 2 Companies belonging to Major Johnftoris and Major

Battalions - -- -- - 165-----

To Forage for General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital -

3>547 10 "

To D* for sundry Regiments -

To 200 Days D" for Major Freron's Corps -

To 100 Days D® for 9 Companies of Col. Craufurds

To 100 Days D* lor fundrv Regiments

To 100 Days D* for Lord Blaney’s Regiment

To 100 Days D® for Col. Armstrong's -

To 200 Days D° for sundry Regiments

To 100 Days D® for sundry Regiments

5D

910-----

198 15 — 227 10 — 682 10 287 10 —

250 — —

i*97°-----

910-----

£> s.

17,492 16 2

2,412 7 8

2,236 5

To

4

r

382

Dates of Warrants.

1762* August 18. 20.

July 23.

I® Decerfibris.

A. 1762.

1761. Beer. 11.

1762. Janry. 25.

i'ebr. 1.

12.

Janry. 22. 25*

Febry. 1.

12.

23-

March 5. *5-

April 19.

20.

May 31.

To 200 Days D® for Major General -

To 200 Days D® for General and Staff Officers, in North Britain - -

To 100 Days Forage for the W Militia

To 100 Days D* for the Eastern Battalion of Suffolk -

To 100 Days D® for the ift Battalion of Essex

To 100 Days D® for the South Battalion of Gloucester

To 100 Days D® for the Comivall - -

To 100 Days D® for the N® Battalion of Gloucestershire

To 100 Days D® for the Dorfctshire -

To 100 Days D° for the Hertfordshire -

To 100 Days D® for the Lancashire - -

To 100 Days D" for the Berk/fiirc -

To 20 Weeks Grass Money for the Light Troop of Lieut. General Bland's Regiment - -

To 20 Weeks D® for the Royal -

To 20 Weeks D® for Lieut. Col. Hale's Dragoons

To 20 Weeks D® for the Light Troop of Lieut. General

Conway’s - ....

To 20 Weeks D® for the D* of Sir John Mordaunt's -To 20 Weeks D® for the D® of Lieut. General Chol-

mondelafs - -....

To 20 Weeks D" for the D® of the Duke of Argyll’s To 20 Weeks D® for the D® of Lieut. General s -

To replace Swords and Accoutrements loft by sundry Regiments, in 1759, 1760, and 1761 To replace D®, loft by General Bland’s Regiment, in 1759 -To replace D®, loft by Lieut. General Comcay’s Regiment, in 1760 -

To replace D®, loft by Lieut. General Cholmondeley's Regiment, in 1759 -

To replace D®, loft by Lieut. General 5 Regiment, in

1760 -

To replace D®, loft by the Earl of Ancram’s Regiment, in 1760 and 1761 -

To replace D®, loft by sundry Regiments, in 1759, 1760, and 1761 - -

To replace 273 Horses, wanting to complete Major General Elliot's Regiment -

To replace Swords, SCc. loft by General Hodgson’s Regiment, in 1760 -

To replace D®, loft by Lord s Regiment on the

Expedition to Belleijle....

To replace D®, loft by Sir Charles Howard's Regiment, in 1760 and 1761 -

To replace D®, loft by Sir John Mordaunt’sRegiment, in 1761

To replace D®, loft by Lieut. General Regiment,

in 1761 -

To replace D®, loft by D® Regiment, in 1760 -To replace 45 Horses, loft by D® Regiment, in 1759, 1760, and 1761 -

To replace 26 D®, loft by General Elliot's Regiment, in 1760 and 1761 - -

To replace 15 D®, loft by General Regiment,

in D® ——

To replace 26 D®, loft by Sir John s Regiment, in

1759 and 1760 -

To replace Swords, SCc. loft by General Hodgsons Regiment, in 1761

To replace 6 Horses, loft by Sir Charles Regiment

To replace Swords, Sic. loft by Lieut. Col. Keith’s Regiment, in 1759, 176°. and 1761 -To replace D®, loft by Sir Harry Erskine's Regiment, in

1760 and 1761 - - ....

To replace D®, loft by the Earl of Ancram’s Regiment, in 17G1 To replace D®, loft by General Mojtyn's Regiment, in 1761 * To replace D®, loft by the 2d Battalion of the 3d Regiment

of Foot Guards, in 1761 -

To replace D®, loft by General Regiment, in 1760

£ <i- 455; 470 —

197 10-

I7O

22o

I9O — -

I90

125

207 IO -

190 — -

I90 — -

175 — —

322 17 6

1,196 4 -

i»753 x5

322 17 6

328 7 6

328 7 6

328 7 6

328 7 6

3,708 14 5

644 —

1,056 14 1

d 00 O c* —

99° 3

2,’98 3 4

970 10 8

2,510 — —

6

CO GO OO 10

573 7 6

162 7 10

380 14 5

117 1 11

684 14 —

396 n —

O O CO —

396 II —

172 14 2

93 8 *""

459 18 [ I I

420 19 3

122 15 0

250 7 9

497 16 0

' 357 8 2

9.908 15

1.855 —

4,909 4

T#

§ Ge6.hi,

l4 Detembr

Dntts of Warrants.

11^1.

July 28. Septr. 13.

T7611 October 24.

1762. Janry. 25;

April 19. May 19. 3U

July 26. Septr. 13.

1761. Decemvi 11.

1762. ^anry. 20.

23*

z5‘

Febr\ 1. March 15.

i<Jp

May 31,

June 14. July 28.

Augt. 20, Septr. 13.

To replace D®, loft by Genera) Regiment, in 17G0

and 1761--To replace D°, loft by Sir Charles Harvard's Regiment, in 1761 To replace 5 Horses, loft by Lon I Regiment -

To replace 19 D®, loft by Lieut. General Mostyn's Regiment -. To replace Swords, He. loft by Major General

Regiment, in 1760 t - t - -

To replace D®, loft by Lieut. General Carr's Regiihent, in 1761 -

To replace D®> loft by Major General Barrington's Regiment, in 1761 -

To replace D®, loft by General Bland's Regiment, in 1761 -To replace D®, loft by D® Regiment - a

To the Marches of CaptAin Hunter's Iildepehdent Company of Foot ——

To D° of the Earl of Pamnure's Regiment, to the 24th

1761

To D® of Sir Harry Erskine's late Regiment - -

To D® of Lieut. General Borland's Regiment - -To D® of Lieut. Col. Morris’s, to 24th April 1762 - -

To D° of Lieut. Col. Keith'st to ill 1762 -

To D® of Capt. Park hill's Independent Company To P° of Major Fremn’s Corps, to Februahj 1762 -

To D® of Major Wedderburn's, to 24th Dvcr. 1761 -To D® of 3 Companies of Col. Coote’s Battalion To D® of Lieutenant General Leighton's Regiment, to 24th December 1760 -

To D® of Lord Robert Manner's Regiment -

I- d.

430 l7 S

84 12 2

78 8 —

290 10 —

196 18 8

t>45 x3 7

321 *5 7

160 1 11

*54 9 —

39 4 4

1^3 7 4

239 *7 5

162 14 9

102 10 —

688 5 9

39 — 2

75 3 5

559 x7 —

564 19 11

261 u 8

436 12 4

To the Marches of the following Regiments of Militia:

Northumberland - -

Denbighshire -

Richmondshire -

Clev land and Bulmer - -

Leicestershire * -

South Battalion of Hampshire -

Somersetshire - -

Monmouthshire - -

Cumberland -

North Battalion of Hampshire Sir Geo. Sadie's Battalion of Yorkshire Colonel Thornton's Battalion of D® -Wancickshire -

3d Battalioh of Devonshire Hertfurdshire -

Lord Sutherland's Highlanders

Feniible Men of Argyllshire - -

Lancashire - -

4th Battalion of Devonshire Clevlmtd and Bulmer -Cheshire -

Denbighshire ..

West Kent -

Dorsetshire -

Wiltshire -

South Battalion of Lincolnshire North Battalion of D® -

4th Battalion of Devonshire 3d Battalion of D* - -

Col, Lijler's Battalion of Yorkshire -Monmouthshire -

lit Battalion of Essex *» -South Battalion of Hampshire -Carmartlicnshire -

Western Battalion of Suffolk -

Eastern Battalion of D® -Warwickjkirc .- -

8.5 18 6

- - - d 219 — 8

492 —

- 23D l8

*0 - - - b* 9 9

- - - - 15° 16 3

- - - - 242 6 4

290 8 1

144 4 11

- " - 351 M 5

- - - X5X 8 5

- X - 3i4 7 4

- 2 - - 233 6 10

« L - - 228 11 6

- - - - 267 19 — -

- - - - M3 l5 3

2 - - 383 2 10

2 - - - 702 11 7

2 - - 2 168 '5 10

_ - L it6 13 —

- - 2 - 364 7 10

- - - 132 *5 7

2 - - "3 2 7

- . X - 9b9 lS ib

- - it - 629 19 6

- - - 284 12 1

- - 627 6 —

- w 86 — 9

- - - 172 8 2

2 2 19I *3 11

- - - 103 1 11

2 - 301 x9 6

- - - - 139 10 6

- - 2 - M3 1 —

- - - 336 4 4

- - j - 104 16 8

- 2 135 1 1

9L. 29,

B83

I- s- d.

*0»389 3 7

T333

.793 11 J

S84

Dates of Warrants.

I 760. Janry. 19.

1762. Janry. n.

March 15%

29* /fpnZ19.

May 19.

July 6,

August 20.

Septem. 13.

1761^ October 9.

1762.

9-

7an/y. 25.

JFV6r. 1. March 15.

27.

rfjsnV 19.

26.

Afay 31. 7«ne 2.

July 28.

.dwg/. 18.

October 8

1* Decemhr

A. 1762.

To Col. S/anwix, for extra Fire and Candle for the Invalids

at Carlisle -

£ s-

78 18 9

To Major General Durand>For providing Coals, Candles, Sc. for the 1 fl Regiment of Foot Guards, doing Duty in the Tower -To Lieut. Governor Thicknetfe, for supplying the Forces at

Landgrtard Fort with D# -To Mr. Wauchopp, for D", supplied by him at Plymouth

Barracks -To Sir Thomas Iiates, for supplying the Garrison of Dover Cq/Ue with Coals, Sc. to 24th June 1761-To Captain Brifac, for D°, furnished the Garrison of

Chatham Barracks....

To Sir John Mylnc, for D°, furnished the Garrison of Guernsey -

To Lieut. Governor $all, for D*, furnished the Troops in the Island of Jersey -r To Capt. Geo. Brifac, for D*, furnished the Guard Rooms

in Chatham Lines - -

To Lieut. Governor Thicknesse, for D#, supplied the Forces at Landguard Fort - -

To Sir John Mylncffor JD*, furnished the Forces at Guernsey

38$ 18 9 244 19 —

1,000 ——

838 14 2

1.345 2 —

351 J9 6

495 -

527 — 8

293 19 1

627-----

To James Wright, Esquire, Agent for the Province of South Carolina, for the Balance of his Account.....31 4 —

I- * d.

6,189 11 t*

To \Ielfrs. Wright and Verejfi, for presents made by them to Indian Kings, Sic.- - - - 40 — 7

To Samuel Tewkesbury, Esquire, for Ground Rent, Sc. for the Encampment

of the Troops near Winchester, 1761....

To Mr. Calcraft, for fending Arms and Tents to , for the Use of

sundry Regiments -....

To Lora Ligonier, for so much diflmrfed by him, as Commander in Chief,

for the Use of the Forces.....-

To Mr. Molesworth, for bringing 72 Chests of foreign Silver from Portsmouth

to London - -- --....

To Lieut. General Robert Napier, for his Contingencies as Adjutant General To Messrs. Fisher and Pearfe, for Freight and Insurance of Clothing for the Invalids -

To Mr. Vardy, for Repairs done at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Savoy, Somerset Hovfe, &c. in 1761 ——

To Major General Hudson, for Necessaries furnished by him for the ill Regiment of Foot Guards -

To the contingent Disbursementg of Colonel. Forrejier's, late Stuart's, Regiment -

To John Pitt, Esquire, for repairing the Parade in James's Park, for the Use of the Foot Guards - -....

To Captain Faquier, for his Expences in coming from Germany -To Charles Knowles, Esquire, late Governor of Cape Breton, for the Balance of his Disbursements there, to the 31st October 1747 -

To Major Cliffe, for the Difference of his Pay, as Major and Captain, for 82 Days, from the 4th March to the 24th May 1762, at 5*. a Day -To Thomas Bowerbank, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, and for Coals, Candles, Sc. for the Garrison of Portsmouth - -

To Benjamin Green, Esquire, for his Trouble and Expences in settling General Hapjons Accounts -

7* 4 7

a35 10 6

102 3 8

235 — —

76 11

316 4 4

670 6 1

1,103 *9 4

862 — 2

68 12 2

9°3 — 10

y1 6 8

1,046 10

20 10 —

M53 3 9

i,3°o — —

,88,756 l5 5

War-Oftke, ilt December 1762

C. Townshend.

ACCOUNT

3 Geo. Ill

i° Decembris

385

ACCOUNT of the Application of such Part of the Sum of One Million a s was issued before the 31st of October 1762, pursuant to the Power given by an Act paded in the last Session of Parliament, for iduing and applying any Sum, not exceeding One Million, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, lor the Service of the Year 1762; and to assist the Kingdom of Portugal;and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint and defeat any Enter-prizes or Designs of His Enemies against His Majesty or His Allies 3 and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

July 27th To Cadi paid Medrs. Cufi and To to complete a Warrant of this Date for £. 80,000, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the Combined Army in Germany, and to be by him applied and paid over, lor the Extraordinary Expences and Contingencies thereof, according to such Orders and Directions as he should receive from His Majesty’s Supervisor of all the Commissariesemployed in providing Magazines, and supplying Forage,

52»00°-----

Aug. 9th 13

Sept, zo 061. 20

for the said Army To Caili paid Medrs. Cufi and Touehet, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes To Calli paid Medrs. Cufi and to be remitted and

applied to the like Purposes To Cadi paid Medrs. Magens and Amy and, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes To Cadi paid Medrs. Cufi and Touchet, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes

- 100,000 — —

- 100,000 — —

- 100,000 — —

- 100,000 — —

Feb. z4 To Calli paid Medrs. Tomlinson, Colebrooke, and Hanbury, upon Account, to be remitted by them in Specie to North America, for the Extraordinary Services of the Forces there -

June 16 To Don Melloy Cafiro, Ministerfrom the King of Portugal, to enable the said

King to defend his Dominions against the Adaults of his Enemies ----- 100,000 — —

Odr. 20 ToD#, for D® Service -

May 24 To Medrs. Amyand, Limwood, and Tierney, to enable them to supply the Army in Portugal with Corn, Sic.

July ill To D°, for D# Service....

Aug.23 To D®, for D® Service -

Feb. 19 To Lord Tyrawley, for his Contingencies, as Commander in Chief in Portugal -

18 To D®, to provide himself with an Equipage -April 2 To Mr. Cathcart, to enable him to provide Bedding, fife, for the Troops going to Portugal -

To Lord Tyrawley's Bill, of 12th June 1762, on Account of the Hospital in Portugal -

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Mr. Bembridge. Deputy Paymaster to the Forces in Portugal, for the Contingencies of the Troops there, dated the 7th August 1762, in Favour of Mr. Mellish - - 2,000 — —

To D°, drawn by D®, in Favour of D°, dated

10th August 1762, for D* Service - - 5,000 — - —

To D®, drawn by D°, in Favour of John and William Maine, of D° Date, for D®

Service ----- 6,000 — —

452.000 -

100.000 — —

15.000 — —

10.000 — —

10.000 — —

10.000 — —

2,000 -

1,000 — —

3,300-----

500-----

May 15 October 13

To William Ward, Esquire, on Account of Money due to him the 5th August 1762, on his Allowance of 3 a Day as Commidary in Portugal -

ToMelTrs. Walpole and Mellish, in full, for Commission, fife, in furnishing Money to the Troops in Portugal

13,000 — —

2 73 -

772 l5

8

Jan. 11 To Lord Albemarle, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in

Chief on an Expedition -.....1,000 — —

Feb. 12 To D®, for his Contingencies as Ditto - 2,000-----

Mar. 4 To John Harrison, Esquire, Captain of His Majesty’s Ship

the Namur, for the Freight of £. 50,000, at One per Cent. - -- 500 — —

5 To Sir Clifton Wintringham, on Account of the Hospital 2,200 — —

To 99 Days full Pay of Lieutenant Colonel Funck, at 17 a Day, from 15th February to 24th March 1762, with an Allowance of 30. 9. for a Tent, fife. - - - - 11412 —

*M45 8

VOL. 29.

5 E

To

386

i° Decembr.

1762.

Dates of Lord Albemarle'i Warrants.

1762.

6 To Charles Lechmere, Esquire, for his extraordinary Expences

as Commissary of the Stores and Provisions, to the 4th March 176a -

*7 To Lieutenant Colo. Hale, Secretary to Lord Albemarle, on Account of the contingent Expences of the Troops -April 23 To Gedney Clarke, Esquire, for sundry Stores and Provisions bought at Barbadoes for the Use of the Troops May 3 To Capt. Edicard Bujfell, for Horses and Corn bought for the Ofe of the Troops -

4 To M. Forbras, for 3 Negroes, bought by Order of Lord

Albemarle, for the Use of the Expedition -

5 To Major Wrightjbn, for a Sura paid by him to John Adair,

Esquire, for the Extraordinary Hospital Expences of the lick Men of sundry Regiments - -

To Lieutenant Henry Waterson, for 81 Negroes, bought by Order of Lord Albemarle ....

To Capt. Matthew Lejlie, for 13 D°, bought by Order of Ditto

To Charles Lechmere, Esquire, on Account of his Expences, as Commissary of Stores and Provisions -

6 To Gedney Clarke, Esquire, on Account of Stores and Provisions supplied by him at Barbadoes for the Use of the

Troops....

To Lieutenant Col*. Mc Kellar, for Working-tools bought by him for the Use of the Expedition -June 8 To Robert Graham, Esquire, for Provisions, Hire of Boats, and other Expences, in subsisting and embarking 2,000 Slaves, raised by the Island of Jamaica To D°, in full of his Account for the Levy Money, and Pay, fife. of free Negroes, raised by Major Fuller at Jamaica ....

July 2 To Richard Carteret, Esquire, Captain of His Majesty’s Ship Glafcow, for the Freight of £. 4,855, at One per Cent, from Jamaica to the Havannah - -

12 To John Kennion, Esquire, for sundry Stores and Provisions fumished by him ....

31 To Colin Reid, for 3,694 Gallons of Rum, at 4$. per Gallon, bought of him for the Use of the Troops -August 3 To Capt. Peach, for the Pay of several Officers, acting as Assistant Engineers -

To Daniel Mandeville, on Account of the contingent Expences of the Hospital -

7 To John Kennion, Esquire, for 130,621 lb. Weight of Cotton, bought by Order of Lord Albemarle -11 To Ditto, on Account of Provisions, fife, for the Use of the Forces, pursuant to Contract -

To Francis Banks, Esquire, Captain of His Majesty’s Ship Lizard, for the Freight of £.20,107. 19. 4. at One per Cent, from Boston to the Havannah -To the Pay of sundry General and Staff Officers

War-Office, ift December 1762.

58 *5 4

QOO ——

7,819 7 —

496 *5 5 146 13 3

144 5 6

3>76° 1 9

603 6 2

233 6 8

7>439 9 6

48 8-

1,100 — —

63/ 9 9

48 11 —

10,000 -

738 16 — 418 17 —

2,500-----

13,243 6 6

10,000 -

201 I 7 634-----

66,987 a 5 784,832 18 1

C. Townshend,

ACCOUNT

Account;

Houses,

&c.

Corse Castle Wiit.

Peace fcitli France and Spain.

3 Geo. III. i° Decembris. 387

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of £.1,000,000, voted upon Account, for the Extraordinary Services of

The Combined Army in Germany.

Dates of Warrants.

1762. Janry. 23d.

Febry. 18th. March 29II*. May 17th.

20th. June 16th. July 1 ft. 27th.

To Cash paid Messrs. Walpole and Melli/li, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Paymaster of the Combined Array in and to be by

him applied and paid over, for the Extraordinary Expences and Contingencies thereof, according to such Orders and Directions as he should receive from His Majesty’s Supervisor of all the Commissaries employed in providing Magazines, and supplying Forage, for the said Army To Cacti paid Messrs. Magens and Amto be remitted and applied to the like Purposes - - - - -.

To Cash paid Messrs. Walpole and Me to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes -

To Cash paid Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes -

To Calli paid Messrs. Walpole and Meto be remitted and applied to the like Purposes ——

To Cash paid Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes -

To Cash paid Messrs. Magens and Amyand, to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes -

To Cash paid Messrs. Cujl and Touchett, in Part of a Warrant of this Date, for £.80,000 to be remitted and applied to the like Purposes

150.000

150.000

72.000

150.000

150.000

150.000

150.000

28.000

War Office, ift December 1762.

1,000,000

C. Tounjh

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Office for Affairs of Taxes) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Number of Houses and Cottages in England and Wales, distinguishing the inhabited from the uninhabited, according to the last General Return.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Cqftle, in I he County of Dorfel, in the room of Henry Bankes, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs.

A Motion was made, and the Quession being proposed, That the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at Fontainebleau, November 3d, 1762, and Declaration be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight;

Vol. 29.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "Sevennight," and inserting the Word " Fortnight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Se-vennight" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 The TjCrd 7

1 el/ers for the 1 eas, j Mr Salisbury: j 21

Tellers for the Noes IThe Lord \

1 ellers for the Woes, j Mr Calvert. $ 74-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Preliminary Articles of Peace, signed at Font aitteblean, November 3d 1762, and Declaration, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Seven-night.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickiti/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Supply.

Lemsford,

kc.

Road*

Meulen’s

Mat*

388 2° — 3 0 Decembr 17

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

jB efolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 3* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

PlAYEHS.

A Dolph Boon, James Des Cotes, Anthony Francis

dimand, Samuel Bouefs, and John Werner Faefch, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Byde presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Lemfford Mill, through Welxoyn and Stevenage, and by Cork’s Mill, to Hitchin; and from through Co-

dicott, to Hitchin-, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received f and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Vander Meulen was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Resolved, Nemine Contradiccntc,

That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir George Pocock, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, for the many important Services performed by him during the Course of this War, and particularly in the glorious Expedition against the: And

that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Thanki to Sir Crone Poc.U.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Supply, ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thirty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-fevcu Marines.

Rejolted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Thirty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, u'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- w’nv* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ami ‘vicJ!U-to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 30 die Decembris \

Anno 3° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

1

Jl

Dunstable Mr. Byde presented to the House, accordi ng to Order,

Road. a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotes,

Anthony Francis Haldimand, Samuel Bouefs, and John

Werner Faefch, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Buller, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Maivbey, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Harvey, Lord Parker, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Trijte, Mr. Upton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Isockhart, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Southwell, Sit John Glynne, Mr. Afiburnham, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mitchell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

Earl of That the Thanks of this House be given to the Earl Albemarle of Albemarle, for the important Services he has done to thanked. his King and Country, in the glorious Expedition against the Havannah: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

18

Prayers. j

MR. Scot reported from the Committee, to whom avtwi,.v j the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town I

Council of the Borough of Aberbrotliock, in North Scots‘

tain, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was road; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee an Act passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies or v

One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, '

brought into, vended, tapped, or foi l, within tl.e Town of Aberbrotliock, and Liberties thereof; which Duty was, by the said Act, to be levied and applied in the Manner, and for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, particularly for building and repairing the Harbour, the Town House, the Common Prison, and for repairing and supporting the Streets and Public Buildings, and for paying olf and discharging the Debts of the said Town: And then,

Mr. Michael McIntoJhproduced an Abstract from the

Accounts of the Money collected and expended in pursuance of the said Act, whereby it appeared. That the

Debts of the said Town remaining due at the Com- I

mencement of the said Act, together with several other ’

Sums

3 Geo. III. 3 0 Decembri3°9

Sums necessarily expended on the Works directed to be brought in, what exported, as also what remained at performed thereby, ahiount to the Sum of 5,927/. i2r. Michaelmas 1762: And also,

qd. And it also appeared by the said Abstract, and by N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited the Declaration of the Overseers thereto annexed, that to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-the Money ariting from the said Duty amounted in the houses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1761 j what whole to 2,397/. 15f- which has been duly applied have been since brought in, what exported, as also for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act; so that V'hat remained at Michaelmas 1762: And also, there remains a Debt due from the said Town amount- N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, ing to the Sum of 3,529/. 1 7?. qd. and also, that it which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at will be impossible to repair and nipport the said Har- Billiter and Custom

hour, which has buffered considerably by some late House, in the Port of London, since 1761,

Storms, and to pay off and difclmrge the Debts of the in order to be dyed, glazed. Sic. what have been re-said Town, and carry on the other necessary Works, turned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1762: And without a further Continuance of the said Duty. also

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Mnjeliy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for la ving a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part, of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the d own of -

(hock, and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Scotland the Earl of Panmure do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

pirlon A Petition of the Right honourable George William Jodo/we. Earl of Coventry, Lord of the Manor of Pirton, in the County of Worcester, and Owner and Proprietor of the greater Part of all the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fit Ids, Common Meadows, and other Meadows and Grounds, and also several Commons and Waste Grounds, lyingwithiu the said Manor and Parish, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Im-

Jmovement; but if they were divided and inclosed, and eparate Allotments made to the Proprietors and others, according to their respective Interests therein, it would tend to the Benefit of the Parties concerned, and would be of public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Meadows and Grounds; and also the several Commons and Waste Grounds aforesaid; in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coventry and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

llealcn’s An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Pander Meu-Kat. few, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Pander

Ordered, That M r. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Accounts Tl|e House being informed that some of the Com-EaU-lodia" missioners of the Cultonis attended at the Door; they Goods, were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, 4c- pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warchotife6 in St. Helen's, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1761: Also what have beeu exported from that Time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1762: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into East India Warehouses in Leaden-hall and Billiter Lane, in the Port of Ixmdon, since Michaelmas 1761: Also, what have been exported from that Time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1762: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouses in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1761 j what have been since Vol. 29.

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from RuJJiu into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1761 to Michaelmas 1762: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, (commonly called the Out-ports) from Michaelmas 1761 to Michaelmas 1762:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which" have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, in the Year 1762.

And then they withdrew.

Ami the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to bepernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to enable the Right Honourable Henry Fox to Mr. Pox’j take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office as Writer of Qualification the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells BlU< in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Palerson, Mr. Ward, Mr. Amyand, Lord North,

Mr. Foley, Lord Bateman, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Whmington, Mr. Smith, Lord Panmure, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Trijle,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Bunbury, Sir Armine Mr.

Sandys, Mr. James Lowther, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Wcdderburn, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Conolly, Lord Dighy, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Gray, General A'Court, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Waljh, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Edmovstone:And they one to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, in the room of the Right Honourable Hamilton Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Boyle of Marston, in the County of Somerset, called up to the House of Peers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the frdd Committee.

The other Order of the Day being rend:;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Way#

5 F whole *ad Means.

390 3° — 4° — 6° D 176a.

whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raif- jesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cycler, ansi Perry, ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. which, by an Act of Parliament of the Second Year of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Com- 24th Day of jane 1763, be further continued and mittee. charged upon all Malt which deal I be made, and all

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com- and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the mittee. That they had come to a Resolution, which Kingdom of from the 23d Day of June

they had directed him to report, when the House will 1763, to the 24th Day of June 1764. please to receive the same. The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Morning. House.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House1, Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the that he was directed by the Committee to move, that said Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, they may have Leave to fit again. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mr, Sir Turner, Mr. Attorney General, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Martin, do prepare, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means and bring in, the fame, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have leave to make

a Motion* it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Refulved, Nemine contradicente,

MarquU of That the Thanks of this House be given to the Marquis of Granby, for the great and important Services he n e has performed to his King and Country during the several Campaigns in which he has commanded the tish Troops in Germany: And that Mr. Speaker do lig-nify the same to him.

And then the House adjourned tHI Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuncC) 6* die;

Anno 30 Georgii I. ID' Regis, 1762. Prayers.

T\AVID Wcl;mian, John and Philip

Fatio, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

t )

Sabbati, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 3" Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Account; r I 'HE House was moved. That the Order made Exports A upon Saturday last, TTat the proper Officer do and lay before this House an Account of the Total Values Order*’ °Hhe Exports from Great Britain to all Ports or Places discharged. belonging to foreign Princes or States, and of the Imports from the same into Great from Christmas

1748 to Christmas 1761, or as low as the last Account

is made up; distinguisiiing each Year, with a Medium of the first Six Years; from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1754, and of the Years from Christmas 1755 to the Christmas when the last Account is made up, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Accounts* Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Exports’ House an Account of the Total Values of the Imports and and Exports to and from Great , and all Coun-

Imports. tries, except His Majesty’s Hies and Plantations, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1760; distinguishing each Year, with a Medium of the first and of the laifi Six Years.

Ways Mr- Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-and Means ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Fyfeild by Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixth and Twelfth Road.

Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the

Road from Fyfeild, in the County of Berks, to Saint

John's Bridge, in the County o iGlouceft and from an

Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston

Bagpuzc, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of

Neicbridge which Hands in the said County of Berks;

and for rendering the said Acts more effectual; was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. ‘Whichcote, Mr. 7'rifle, Mr. i Lloyd, Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Mitchell, Sir John Elxvell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Shuttleworth, General Stanwix, Mr. Sir:

John Gibbons, Mr. l.ane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Gloucester,

Wilts, Southampton, Hereford, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, (;

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

it,

Mr. Scot presented to the House, according to Or- At>etbrot!»ck,j der, a Bill for continuing <111 Act passed in the Eleventh TWPenniw Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti- 8cou tuled. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom Boon the Bill for naturalizing Ajolph Boon, James ^*n

Anthony Francis Ilaldimand, Samuel and John \

Werner Faifch, was committed, That the Committee \

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found,

the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Rill to the House, without;

any 1

3 Geo. III. o — 70 . 591

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Wolpman A Bill for naturalizing David tVolpfnan, John Siri, (and others) Francis Philip Fatio, was read a Second Time.

*’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. I.ane, Mr. Smith,- Mr.

l.lcyd, Mr. Mite hell, Mr Mr. Fane, Sit Charles Mor daunt, M r. Trifle, Sir Thomas Palmer, M r. Burrell,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Egerton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Scot, Mr. Pye,

Mr. Inc in, Mr. Hompcood, Mr-. Mr. Parker:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tetney. A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Canal. Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Land Carriage in that Part of the said County which leads from Telney to the Town of Louth, and Parts adjacent, is, for several Miles, through very bad Roads, attended with great Inconvenience, as well as great Expence, and that the making a Canal or navigable Cut from the Humber, at or near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Akoingham, and the making the said River navigable from thence to or near the Town of Ijouth, will be of the ulmost Advantage, not only to the Petitioners, but to the Trade and Commerce of the said County, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Canal, or navigable Cut, and making the said River Ludd navigable, and such other Works as may be necessary for the convenient Use thereof, under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions as the House shall think necessary and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Pye, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Lane, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shutileworth, Sir Edward Mr.

Smith, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Trijle, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Inoin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Roger Neiodigale, Mr. Paterson, Sir Mr. Sy-

mons, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Derby): And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account; The House being informed. That Mr. Thomson, from Britishi the Office of llegifler General of trading Ships, attend-thipping* ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the total Number and Tonnage of the British Ships which reported inward and cleared outward in Great Britain, to and from all foreign Parts, from Chr if mas17.18 to 1761; also, an Account of the total Number and Tonnage of all foreign Ships which reported inwards and cleared out in Great Britain, to and from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Billfor continuing and granting to Voi.. 29.

His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder* and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1763: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between 25th December 1761, and 3 ill October 176a, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was direcded by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- v ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 3" Georgii III*" Regis, 1762.

RAYERS.

ABILL to continue and render more effectual Two pan(iaye Acts of Parliament, for repairing and widening Py.4. the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde,

Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Roger

Mr. Fonereau, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Dickin-

J'on, Mr. Darner, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Kynaston, Lord almerjlan, Mr.

Trifle, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Mr.

Staunton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Herbert, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Glover;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Lemsford, Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford M ill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by R°#ds* Corey's Mill to I I it chin; and from Welwyn, through Codicott, to Hitchin; in the County of Hertfordwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde,

Air. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawbey, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Jennings, Sir Mr.

Fonereau, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Fidler, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Trifle, Mr.

WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Pye, Lord 'aimerjton, Mr. Ro-

binjim, Mr. Grant, Mr. A/liburnham and all the Members

t

Boon (and others) Nat.

Cumberland

Writ.

Oxford

University

Writ.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, kc.

Accounts; Exports and Imports.

392 70- — 8° Decembris.A. 1762. J

hers who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bedford, Exports, to and from England, and all Countries, ex- He

Bucks, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this cept his Majesty’s Isles and Plantations, from rai

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s 1748, to 1760; distinguishing each Year,

Chamber. with a Medium of the First and of the last Six Years: £;

Andalfo, < H<

Act ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James An Account of the Value of the Exports from Eng- ' H<

Des Cotes, Anthony Fraiu is Huldimand, Samuel Bouqfs, land to the North American Colonies, from Christmas M

and John Weiner Faefch, was read the Third Time. 1739, to Christmas 1761 j distinguishing each Year and Pe

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title each Place, be, An Act for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des And then he withdrew. jr Cotes, Anthony Francis Ilaldimand, Samuel Bouefs, and And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. O'

John Werner Faefch. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. mi

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the , k

other Papers of this Session. D:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to y|

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Mr. Alderman according to Order, re- Supply. an

the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this ported from the Committee of the whole House, to tin

present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, in the whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply room of Sir Wilfrid Laicfon, Barohet, deceased. granted to His Majesty, the Kesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his W arrant to he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- follow eth; viz.

ment for the University of Oxford, in the room of Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Peregrine Palmer, Esquire, deceased. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred

Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Fifty-six Pounds A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Ma-upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perrv, for the Service of jesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His the Year 1763, was read a Second Time. Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. from the25th Day of December 1761, to the 31st Day

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of October 1762, both Days inclusive, and not provided of the whole House. for by Parl iament.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, The said Kesolution being read a Second Time, was, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to Ly the upon the said Bill. House.

The House being informed that Mr. Torftkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the total Values of the Exports from England to Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Streights, and of the Imports from the same into England, from Christmas 1755, to Christmas 1760; distinguishing each Year and each Country, with the Exceedings of the several Exports upon the Imports, or of the Imports upon the Exports: And also.

An Account of all the Exports and Imports, from and to England and Canada, with its Dependencies, including Cape Breton, and all the other Islands in the GuJph and River of Saint Laicrence, fmee the Conquest

thereof, respectively, by His Majesty’s Arms j distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the several Quantities and Species of Goods imported into England from from the

Time it" was taken, to the 10th October 1762: And also. An Account of the several Species of Goods exported from England to Guadeloupe, including Marie Galante and Defirade, in the West Indies, since the same have been respectively conquered by His Majesty’s Arms; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity and Species of Goods imported into England from Guadeloupe, from the Time of the Surrender thereof, to Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year, including Marie Galante and Defirade, in the West Indies: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Value of the Imports into England from Africa, and of the Exports from England to Africa, from Christmas 1750, to Chriji-

mas 1754; distinguishing each Year: Andalfo,

An Account of the Value of the Imports into England from the North American Colonies, from Christmas x 739to Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year and each Colony: Andalfo,

An Account of the total Values of the Imports and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ji.

Mercurii, 8° die Decembris \

Anno 3* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

p

MR. Palerson reported from the Committee, to Wolpmw j

whom the Bill for naturalizing DaWolpman, (and when) ’ John Siri, and Francis Philip Fatio, was committed, N, L j y

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of ra

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the j

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered ( y

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. I

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. L;,

I J]

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into j

a Committee of the whole House, to consider further and Mcam. of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 'ia

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee. j j

Mr. Speaker resumefl the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com- j

mittee, That they had come to a Resolution, which

they had directed" him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, ,c

that he was directed by the Committee to move, that 7 e

they may have Leave to fit again. j a

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- } '

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j J

House, 1

3 Geo. III. 8° — p° D. 393

House, to oonlider further of Ways and Means for taifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply Bill; The other Order of the Day being read, for the Dua« on House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Milt, he.jjoufe> upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1763;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1763, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1761, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1763.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* Decembris;

Anno 30 Georgii IIId' Regis, 1762.

1 Prayers.

1

le&n’s A Petition of Jacob Reeffen was presented to the jlJl House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave ibe given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

I Mr. Loro tides and Mr. do prepare, andbring

I in, the fame.

1

! A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Anguifti

Mr. Speaker,

MeyePs Nat. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer; to which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House. i And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine cont,

Thank* That the Thanks of this House be given to the Offi-. cers of the several Corps of Militia, which are embo-Officers died, for the feasonable and meritorious Service they have done their Country: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the fame, by Letter to the Colonel, or other Commanding Officer of each respective Corps.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.

Thank* That the Thanks of this House be given to the Offi-tsthcOiKctrs cers of the Navy and Army, for the meritorious and of the Na»y emjnent Services which they have done to their King " Army‘. and Country, during the Course of the present War: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the fame, by Letter to the/ Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and to His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

' Vol. 29.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson according to Order, rc- "avi

ported from the Committee of the whole House, ai<* wlouu. to whom it was referred to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1763, upon Landr, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and I'erfonal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr.

Oswald, Sir John Turner, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given prinee to his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunfivic, Ferdinand for the great and important Services he has performed thanked, to this Country, in the several Campaigns during which he has commanded His Majesty’s Army in Germany:

And that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to his Serene Highness.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Supply Bill* ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His c' Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1763, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Peace with into Consideration the Preliminary Articles of Peace, France and, signed at Fontainebleau, November 3d 1762, and Decla- P410* ration;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the said Preliminary Articles and Declaration into Consideration;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Preliminary Articles and'Declaration into Consideration.

And the same were again read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ditto; That ah humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Addrtfi to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His . gracious Condescension in ordering to be laid before us Ml* 4je *' the Preliminary Articles of Peace, concluded between -His Majesty on the one Part, and their Most Christian and Catholick Majesties on the other: To adore His; Majesty that we have considered them with our best Attention and although to make Peace and War be His

5 Majesty’*

394

p" — to’ Decembris.

A. 1762.

Adcirtf* Majesty’s j»ft and undoubted Prerogative, yet knowing u- m° - # . bow agreeable it rauft be to His Royal Mind, to be in-Peace with? formed of the grateful Seufe His People entertain of

jrcaccwiin _ , V iit- z-j r T, f,r_ ________I l_J:_

France and Spain*

the Justice and Wisdom of HisMeafnres, and of His unwearied Attention to their Welfare, His faithful

Scots Pint of Ale anti Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into; vended, tapped, or foid, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was

read a Second 'riuie.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sect,

Commons were impatient to express to His Majesty Mr. Mr. , Mr.

their Approbation of the advantageous Terms upon Clover, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cure, Mr Mr. Cooke,

which His Majesty hath concluded Preliminary Articles Mr. Smith, Sir Roger Mnflyn, Mr. Sir Frar*

of Peacei And to lay before His Majesty the hearty n ' 1 , J "" ' ' xr" 'r :~

Applause of a faithful, affectionate, and thankful People:

That while we admire His Majesty’s Prudence, in availing himself of the Successes with which Divine Providence hath blessed His Arms, whereby His Majesty hath procured such solid, and, in ail human Probability, such permanent Advantages for this Nation, we are no less sensibly affected with that humane Disposition which induced His Majesty to put an End to a long, bloody, and expensive War:

cis Poole, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Mr. Ellis; and all the Members who serve for Britain: And thiy are to meet this Afternoon, at Fivqp of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lnumdespresented to the House, according to RwHen’t

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Reeffen: Aud the same was received; and read the Fil’d Time.

Rejiilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing David JVolpman, Volpp

If

ug, ujoouy, ana expenuve war: *"* mjjiuuci wm n oilman, »M>ipm

iliat we will take the earliest Opportunity to examine J°Jin&*//»a»d Francis Philip Falio, was read the Third la,<i

into the State of the Public Revenues, in order to eftar blish the heft Economy for the future, so wifely recommended by His Majesty, and so necessary to maintain the Kingdom of Great Britain in that great and respectable Situation in which His Majesty’s Fortitude and Wisdom have now placed us:

That we are convinced that Posterity, from their own Experience, will hereafter agree with us, in esteeming that Peace to be no less honourable than profitable, by which there will be ceded to Great Britain such an Addition of Territory, attended with so great an Exten-fion of our Commerce:

That we, therefore, beg Leave humbly to lay before

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing David Joky

Siri, and Francis Philip Fat io.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterfondo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Meyer’s Nat., for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer, was read the First

Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom

His Majesty the strongest Sentiments of Gratitude; and the Bill to enable the Right honourable Henry Fox to to assure His Majesty, that it shall be our Study to im- take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office as Writer of prove that Confidence of the People in His Majesty, the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, which His Majesty hath already so very deservedly ac- in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of /required from His Conduct in the present most important and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said

Mr. Fog’s

(^UuiitiC4U>l4

Jill.

319-

65.

Offices, wascommitted, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him so report to the House; and he read-the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at' the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tile an Address to be presented to Hisrfcefty, upon the Q^ftiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by said'Resolution: House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Harris of . , That the Billy with the Amendments, be

Saliftmry, Earl Verney, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord ingrossed.

Barrington, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Stanley), Lord ‘North,

Conjuncture;

The House divided.

The Yea9 went forth.

Teller&for the Yeas; Slan^pe:

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it was fefolved in the Affirmative-.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed'to draw up

Mr. Fox, Mr. Elliot, Mr. S Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. Rigby,

Lord Thomond, Mr. Martin, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Glover, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Northey; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, in the Votes, print, with the Resolution for the said Address, the Numbers «f the Affirmative and Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Decembris;

Aqno 3* Georgii ill'"' Regis, 1762.

Pa.

AYER I.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Tet-ey

the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Canal. Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, Was referred. That the Committee had exa-. mined the Matter of the said’Petition; and hail directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to' them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To. prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Captain William Flayer, being examined, said. That the Road from Teluey to Lxmth is very bad, and not payable in Winter:

That the making, a navigable Canal from the If umber, at or near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, and the making the said River navigable from thence to or near the Town of Louth, will be of great Advantage to the Trade of the said Country, and to the Public ip general:

That h^ the Witness, is an, Engineer, and has- acted as such in the Ring’s Service: Thash lie ban fee® a Survey, of the proposed Navigation, and: ivas present'at taking a- great. Part thereof; and that lie is of Opinion

Aherkroowck A BILL for continuing an Act, passed in the Eleventh

T:° Ptnni*v Year of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies this Scheme is practicable, and, attended with as Scots, or <jn*fi»hPart of a Penqy Sterling, upon every Difficulties as moist artificial Navigations-.

" - - - And

Abingdon

Wru.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, lie.

Accounts; Exports and Imports,.

Ditto.

Aildress to His Majesty; Peace with France and Spain.

3 Geo. III.

io° Dec&tnbris.

595

And that, many of the Proprietor? of Lands through which the said Cut is proposed to be made are consenting thereto; and he does not know of any that will refute, on receiving proper Satisfaction.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut from the Humber, at or Hear Tetncy, to the River Litcld, in the Parish of

in the County of Lincoln; and for making the said River navigable from thence, to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County: And that Mr.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Ber-

tie, and Mr. /letcell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, in the Room of John Morton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Oflice of Chief Justice of Ch

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting ait Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perrv, for the Service of the Year 1763, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to Hife Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldenrtan Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, And desire tlfeir Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer of Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from England and Janiaica, and His Majesty’* other West India Islands, frOrti Christmas 1739 to Christtnas 1761; distiu-guishing each Year, and each Place.

Ordered, That the proper officef or Officer* do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from England and Guadeloupe, Mdrtinico M and

fir ade, since the same have been respectively conquered by His Majesty’* Arms, to the Time When the last Accounts were rtiade up . distinguishing each Place, and oach Year.

Mr. Harris of Christchurch reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn of art Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the same in his Place; arid afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the firtqe was read"; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wei, Youc Mfijofty’s’ mostiFutifirl rind loyill Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, irr Parliament aljfembTcd,

Leave fa return1 Your Majesty oifr most bumble and hearty Thanks for Yoof rriofi! gracious Condefceri-fion, in ordering to He lairl before' us the' Preliminary Articles of Peace, concluded between YOuf' Majesty o.n the one Part, and their Most Christraft afnd Catholic Majesties on the othei*; and to afttine Your' Majesty,

Vol. 29.

fhflit'wo have Considered them with our best Attention: Address

And, although to make Peace and War be Your Ma- , to jesty's just and undoubted Prerogative, yet, knowing how agreeable it most he to Yonr Royal Mind to bC informed of the grateful Sense Your People entertain Spain, of the Justice and Wisdom of Your Mpafures, and of Y’our Unwearied Attention to their Welfare, Your faithful Commons are irhpatient to express tfieir Approbation of the advantageous Terms upon which Your Majesty hath concluded Preliminary Articles of Peace, and to lay before Your Majesty the hearty Appfause of a faithful, affectionate, and thankful People.

While we admire Y’our Majesty’s Prydence fn availing Yourself Of the Suceeffes with which Divine Providence hath blelled Your Arms, whereby Your Mtijeltjr hath procured fuehfolid, and, in all human Probability, such permanent Advantages for this Nation, we are nO less sensibly affected with that huniane Disposition which induced Your Majesty to put an End to a long; bloody, and expensive War.

Your faithful Commons will take thfcearlieft Opportunity to examine into the State of the Public Revenues, in order to establish the best Economy for the future, so wifely recommended by Your Majesty, and so necessary to maintain the Kingdom of Britain in that great and respectable Situation; in Which Y’our Majesty’s Fortitude and Wisdom have new placed us.

We are convinced that Posterity, from their own Experience, will hereafter agree with lis in efteefning that Peace to he no less honourable than profitable, by which there will be ceded to Great Britain Rich an Audition of Territory, attended With so gfeat an Exten-..fion of our Commerce.

We therefore beg Leavri hmiibly to lay before Your Majesty the strongest Sentiments of Gratitude, and to assure Your Majesty, that it shall be orir Study to unprove that Confidence of die People in You, which Your Majesty hath already so very deservedly acquired from Your Condndt in the present most important Conjuncture.

The said Address being read a Second Tirrie;

And the Question being proposed, to agree with the Committee in the said Address;

The House was moved. That the Thir<J Article of the Translation of A Treaty bCtvteeh His Majesty and the King of iVt/^so, ligned at Westminster the 16th of January 1756; Which was presented to the House upon the nth Day of Mayx 756; might b6 read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then an Ameridmefit was proposedfo be madC to . the said Address,’by adding; after the Words " bloody,

" and expensive" these Words, " though glorious arid " successfnk"

And the said Amendment was, up'ofe the £u6ftion put thereupon, aigreed so' by the House.

Then the Question being put. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went: forth;

fellers for the Yeas LordDi'g 1

1 ellers for trie 1 eas, Mackenzie: }

Tellers for the Noes f Mr Thor. Townjhendjnh. 1 V

1 ellers for the JNoes, Lors] Frgd J °$-

So it was resplved in the Affirmative.

The feid Address, so amended, is as followeth"; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg I-eave to return Your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for Your most gracious Condescension, in ordering to be laid before us the Preliminary Articles of Peace, concluded between Y’our Majesty on the one Part, and their Most Christian and Catholic Majesties on the other; and to affine Your Majesty,

39^ 10° — -i3°

Addref* Majesty, that we have consideral them with our bed Hi» Majest Attention: And, although to make Peace and War be Prac/with ’ Your Majesty’s just and undoubte<l Prerogative, yet, France and knowing how agreeable it must be to your Royal ‘ Spain. Miud, to be informal of the grateful ixmfe Your People entertain of the Justice and Wisdom of Your Measures, and of Your unwearied Attention to their Welfare, Your faithful Commons are impatient to express their Approbation of the advantageous JTerms upon which Your Majesty hath concluded Preliminary Articles of Peace, and to lay before Your Majesty the hearty Applause of a faithful, affectionate, and thankful People.

While we admire Your Majesty’s Prudence, in availing Yourself of the Successes with which Divine Providence hath blessed Your Arms, whereby Your Majesty hath procured such solid, and, in all human Probability, such permanent Advantages for this Nation, we are no less sensibly affected with that humane Dil'poli-tion which induced Your Majesty to put an End to a long, bloody, and expensive, though glorious and fuc-cefsful War.

Your faithful Commons will take the earliest Opportunity to examine into the State of the public Revenues, in order to ellablish the belt Economy for the future, so wifely recommended by Your Majesty, and so necessary to maintain the Kingdom of Great Britain in that great and respectable Situation in which Your Majesty’s Fortitude and Wisdom have now placed us.

We are convinced that Posterity, from their own Experience, will hereafter agree with us, in esteeming that Peace to be no less honourable than profitable, by which there will be ceded to Great Britain such an Addition of Territory, attended with so great an Extension of our (Commerce.

We therefore beg Leave humbly to lay before Your Majesty the strongest Sentiments of Gratitude; and to assure Your Majesty, that it shall be our Study to improve that Confidence of the People in You, which Your Majesty hath already so very deservedly acquiral from Your Conduct in the present moil important Conjuncture.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of

His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

tancaster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Vnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ’ the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of the Right Honourable James Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Strange, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office or Offices of Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That thi* House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Decemhris. A. 1762.

Luree^ 13" die Dxembris;

Anno 3* Georgii III'" Regis, 1762.

P a k r e r s.

*XAcob Reeffen took the Oaths appointed, in order to Jr his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Mi. fox', Henry Fox to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Of- Qualification fice as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Bill-Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Right honourable Henry Fox to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office as Writer of the Tall ies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to quality himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Rjll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Poirier, from Accounts; the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended sit the Door; he was trailed in; and, 1 at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1761, The Account of

the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title/’

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from Accounts;

the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Westminflet Thames, from the City of Westmto the opposite Bfld8e-Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Dsiy of October 1761, to the 10th Day of 1762: And

sdfo,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 17 th Day of November 1761, to the 7th Day of December 1762, iuclu-five.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Accounts and State were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. «f Privilege

A Petition of Walden Hanmer, Esquire, Lord of the Simpson Manor of Simpson, and Patron of the Parish Church Inclolut'-there, William Edge, Gentleman, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, Lam mas Grounds, and Pastures, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of w as presented to

the House, and read; Alleging, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed

0

3 Geo. III.

i3

140 Decembris.

397

Edinburgh

Roads.

termixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, in a great measure incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed it would be a great Benefit to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drake, and Mr. Wilkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Earl of Lauderdale, and the humble Petition of Robert Dundee, President of the Court of Session, and others^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, notwithstanding the Tolls already laid on and raised by Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads of the County of Edinburgh, the same are still in such a Situation as they cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, without further Tolls be granted for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads of the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Alexander Mr.

Grant, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hope Weir, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Toicnjhend, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas, Mr.

Harris, Admiral Torxmjhend, Mr. Shi finer; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Martis, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 30 Georgii III"' Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

to whom

MR. Pye reported from the Committee,

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of His late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of arid from

an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of

Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Neicbridge which stands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts moreelfedual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Duvjlabie, in the County of BedJ'ord, to the Way turning out

Fyfield

Road.

Dunstable

Road.

of the

Soppl v Bill; Land Tax.

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- said Road up to Shafiord House, in the County of Hert-- — - — Jord, was committed, lhat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had

fons. Papers, and Records.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Time

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the appointed for Ucmfe, That His Majesty having been waited upon, AM-rfi! pursuant to the Order of Friday lad, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when lie would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James.

Meyer’s

Nat.

Milt,

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do Duties on carry to Lords, the ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

gone through the Bill, and made fev eral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Byde, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Buller, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Fuller, Lord Clwe, M'r. Jennings, Mr. Gore, Mr. Black-Jion, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Toicnjhend, Mr. Dempster,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Norris, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Afibumham, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Doiodefioell,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Clive, Mr. MaLord Orwell,

Mr. Touchet, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Campbell: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the General and Army; Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the of

Year 1762, with all their respective Names, and st* &c#cer5* respective Pay, be laid before this House.

Vox.. 29.

Ordered, That a particular Account be laid before this House of the sundry General and Staff Officers, with their respective Names and Pay, which are men-5 H tioned

Ditto.

39^ x4° — 15° Decemlris.

tioned in the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred and not provided for by Parliament, presented to the House this Session of Parliament, and therein charged at the Sum of£. 10,188. 5,?. 1

Army; Ordered, That the Establishments of the several new Account of Regiments and Corps that have been raised since the Regiment*. Year 1758, with the Dates of the Warrants for raising the fame, and any Additions that have been made thereto since their being Gift raised, be laid before this House.

The King’* Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House Ants;er attended i Iis Majesty Yesterday with their Addrel's: Address. To which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I return you My hearty Thanks for this most loyal and affectionate Address: Your Approbation of the Measures I have taken for restoring Peace, and of the Terms upon which it is to be concluded, gives me the highest Satisfaction.

The Affection and Gratitude of My People are the most pleasing Return I cau receive for My Endeavours to promote their Ilappiness.

Privilege. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to tke Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do bear, upon Monday next, the Matter of Complaint made to the House upon Wednesday the First Day of this Inliant De-

cember, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against Sir John Gibbons, Baronet, and Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of this House.

Notice being taken of a Mistake in the said Complaint, by the Name of Jos. Cowper being inserted instead of John Cowper;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do consider the Matter of the said Complaint against John Cowper instead of Jos. Cowper.

Account; Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to French His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Ship* taken. ])jrections that, there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships taken from the French before the 18th Day of May 1756, with the Value of their Cargoes, so far as can be ascertained.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Account; Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

Prisoncii before this House an Account of all Monies issued or expended on account of the French Prisoners taken since the Commencement of Hostilities, distinguishing how much was issued or expended before, and bow much since, the 18th of May 1756.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Laud Tax. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1763;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the

Year 1761, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1763.

1 hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinjbnreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tomkyns, from Account; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Irop°rt5 *"1 Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to port*' the House, pursuant to their Order,

A11 Account of the Amount of the Value of all the Exports from England to Jamaica, and His Majesty’s other /f eft India lilands, from Chrij 1730 . .< i - -

mas 1761; distinguishing each Year, and e; -

And also,

An Account of the Amount of t!.e Value o

Imports into England, from Jamaica, and in - .1-jesty’s other W ejlIndia lilands, from; 3.7 to

Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 die Decemlris;

Anno 30 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees named Rye and appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act HarDoor. of Parliament of the 10th of King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the 9th of King George the First, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of and for relior-ing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodnels, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting, That, by several Acts made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of King William the Third, the 2d of . Queen Anne, and the 4th of King the First, a

certain Duty was laid and continued upon all Ships and Vessels therein described, for the Repair of Dover Harbour; and that the said several Acts were, by an Act made in the 9th of King George the First, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodnels, continued until the First Day of May 1744, and the said Duty w-as directed to be appropriated, divided, and paid, for the Benefit of the said Harbours of Dover and Rye respectively, in Manner therein mentioned; and that, by an Act made in the 11th of King the Second,

the said Duty was further continued until the First Day of May 1763, Old Style; and that, by an Act made in

the

3 Geo. III.

Kye the 31st of King George the Second, it was enabled, That, after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act of the 11th of his said Majesty, one Moiety of the Rates and Duties granted and continued by the said former Acts, should be continued for a further Venn of Twenty-one Years, and be applied for the Benefit and Support of the Harbour of; and alleging,

That in purseance of the said Act of the 10th of King George the First, the Petitioners, the said Commissioners and Tmftees, have made a new Cut, or Channel, from a Wall called Winchelsea which divides' the said

new'Cut from the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, right out to the Sea, and Stone Piers and other Works have been erected at the End of the said new Cut next the Sea; and a navigable Sluice at the Distance of One hundred and Fifty Rods from the said Piers; and the Walls of the said. new Cut have been wharfed, and are, as well as the said Winchelsea of sufficient

Height and Breadth, according to the Directions of the said Act; and, in pursuance of an Art made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, the Sea and Tides have lately been let into the said new Cut, of Channel, as far as the said Winchelsea Wall only, and that without

any Danger to the Lands lying near thereto, or to the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade; and that, since the Sea and Tides have been let into the said new'Cut, or Channel, many Vessels have come into the fame, and have lain there, in great Security and Safety; and that Ships and Vessels, to the Number of Three hundred, may safely ride, and lie at Anchor, in the said new Cut, or Channel; and that the repairing and heightening the Walls of the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, from the said new Cut, or Channel, to the Town of Winchelsea; and from the said new Cut, or Channel, to the Town of Bye; and the letting the Sea and Tides into the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, through the said new Cut, or Channel, and the ilfuing the Waters of upwards of 100 Acres through the same into the Sea, will be the Means of keeping the said new Cut, or Channel, clean and open, and prevent the Silting thereof, and will make a navigable Communication between the same and the Town of Rye-, and setting forth. That the Wharfing and other Works in the said new Cut, or Channel, for want of letting in the Sea and Tides sooner to the fame, have run greatly to decay, and want to be repaired, which the Petitioners, the said Commissioners and Trustees, are unable to do, and to repair and heighten the Walls of the said Channel of Winchelsea and , from the said new Cut, or Channel, to the Town of and from the said new Cut, or Channel, to the Town of Rye, and to perform such other Works as may he found necessary to be done for restoring that Harbour to its ancient Goodness, and to keep the whole in proper Repair for want of a sufficient Fund for that Purpose, as the said Duty will ccafe, as to one Moiety thereof on the 12th Day of May 1765, unless the Terms for which the said Rates and Duties, granted by the said former Acts, be enlarged, or some other Provision be made in that Behalf: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for continuing one Moiety of the said Rates and Duties granted by the said Art of the nth and 12th of King William the Third, to he paid and applied pursuant to the Directions of the

399

And it is referred to Mr. Norris, Mr. Ashharnham, Mr.

Onslow, M r. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Rushout, Sir Francis Mr.

«S hiffher.Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bunhury, Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir Rage'- Mr. Parker, Lord Orwell, Mr. Bulier, Mr. Mr. Ba-

con, Mr. I 'anc, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, General Mr. Mills, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ross, Lord Parker, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. G 'rofccnor, Mr. Trijle, Sir Waller

Blade/f, Mr. JackJhn, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. West, Sir Wyndham KnatchbidlWyndham; and all the Members who serve for t he Counties of Sujf'ex and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports, and the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex,

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, and render more Dunrtable effectual. Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and Road-widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dun fable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to House, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsi And that the Title he, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in . in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford Ilovfe, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bydedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee to whom Meyer’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ^at‘ naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin be added to the Gentle- Tetncy men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill C*nal. for making a navigable Cut from the Humber, at or near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of A I-

vingliam, in the County of Lincoln-, and for making the said River narigable from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said Count}'.

Sir Alexander Gilmoitr reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of James Earl of Lauderdale, and Roads? the humble Petition of Robert DundaPresident of the

Court of Session, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 24 th Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

said Acts of Parliament of the 9th and 10th Years of King George the First, so far as the same relates to the said Harbour of Rye, from the said 12th Day of May 1765, for such further and longer Time as the House tliali think fit; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 29.

jesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of in

the County of Linlithgow, and also an Ad, passed in

the 28th Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Pow ers of the said Act, and for making the same more effectual; were read: Then,

Mr. Robert Henderfonbeing examined, said, That the

Roads about the City of Edinburgh, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, are still in a ruinous Condition: And,

Several

15° Decembris.

15° — i 6° D.

400

Several Members present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Henderson, and informed your Committee, That

the Income arising from the present lolls is insufficient efiertually to amend and keep the said Roads in Repair; and that it will be necessary, for that Purpoi'e, to augment the Tolls granted by the said former Acts; and which are, in some other Respects, ineffectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Two several Arts pnffed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of Queensfeny, in the county of : And that Sir

Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Toxcthe Lord Advocate

A\ 1762.

or can be, made up; distinguistxing each Year, and each Place.

0/'<fcra/, That theproper Officer or Officersdo lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Men raisedfor the Land and Sea Service, from the Year 17 55, to the Ifear x 762; and also of the Number of Men loft in the Land and Sea Service during the hune Period; distinguishing the Killed and the Missing; so far as the said Account can be made out by the respective Officers.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor , Fellow of

Exeter College, in Oxford, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, upon Mon-

day the 31 ft Day of January next; and that the Lord

Account;' Men raised for the Army and Navy.

Dr. Bray to preach on 31 Jan.

Lenwford,

&c.

Road.

of Scotland, and Mr. Coutts, do prepare, and bring in, Parker, and Mr. do acquaint him therewith,

the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

the Bill to continue and render more effectualTwo Acts consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Lemxford Supply granted to His Majesty

Way*

and

Mtani.

Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage; and by Corey's Mill, to Ilitehin; and from Welwyn, through Codicott, to Hitchin; in the County of Hertford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

BcJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Supply.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Amendments thereunto; which they directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,1 with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

llefulved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

High Price of

Com, &c.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting ah Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, City of York, was presented to the House, and read; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Setting forth. That the Price of all Sorts of Corn and the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Grain in the Markets of that City and County is now a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question very high; and, as the Petitioners are informed, is Hill severally put thereupon, one of them was dil'agreed

Supply Bill;I Lanu Tax.1

higher in the more North and North-West Parts of England, where the Crops were bad, and the Harvest in general ill got; so that Wheat is already fold there at Seven Shillings per Buffiel, and is Hill advancing in Price; but that, on the contrary, in the South and South-East Part of England, where the Crops have been good, and the Harvest well got, the Price of Corn, as well in the Markets as in the several Sea Ports, is comparatively very low; and alleging, that the Petitioners are informed, that large Quantities of Corn are likely to be exported beyond the Seas, from those Parts and Places where the Price is moderate; the Rumour whereof hath already advanced those Markets; and that if such Exportation takes Effect it will prevent Corn from being brought from those Parts where it is cheap and plentiful, into the Counties where it is so dear and scarce; by which Means the Price will be still more

to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy

16° di Decembris;

Anno 30 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1762.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers granted by Two Arts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Twelft h Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from in the County of

enhanced, and the poor Labourers and Manufacturers Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Glou-will be reduced to the greatest Distress: And therefore cester; and from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- Pariflx of Kingston in the said County of Berks,

tion, and to apply such Remedies for the Prevention of to that Part of which stands in the said County

Fvfield

Road.

Account; Imports and Exporti.

so great a Grievance; either by taking off, for a Time, the Bounty now allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Corn, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem most expedient and effectual for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lav before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported to Great Britain, from 1748, to

Christmas 1754; and also from Christmas 1754, to Michaelmas 1762; so far as the said Accounts have been.

of Berks;and for rendering the said Acts more effectual; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Arts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Arts more effectual.

Ordered,

t

3 Geo. III. i6D Decembris. 401

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

seventry A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Screen. and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Common Seal and Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, in behalf of themselves arid Other the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House; and read;

! Setting forth, That on account of the many heavy

*. Carriages passing and repairing through the City of

Coventry, and its Suburbs, the Pavements in the Streets,

I Causeways, Lanes, and Passages, within the same, are

so torn and broke up, as to be in many Places danger-j ous, and almoftimpaffable; and that it has been found

r,’ impracticable to keep or put the same into any tole-

c rable Repair, without the Aid of Parliament; arid

t that it will add greatly to the Safety of the said City

and Suburbs, if the Streets, Highways, Causeways, Lanes, and Passages, were properly lighted; and if the fame, and Places contiguous or near thereto, were kept from certain Nuisances and Annoyances; and if the V public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Sub-

urbs, were duly and properly regulated: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and amending, lighting and cleansing, the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; and for the preventing and removing certain Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for the better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there; as to the HOufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Archer, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. West, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Paterson, Lord Winterton, Mr. Sir William

Codrington, Mr. Burrell, Lord Brmonlow Bertie, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr. Webb, Mr. Harvey, Sir Ro«er Nezodigate, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Staunton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Sir

Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Bridge man, Mr. Detnpfter, Mr. Ro-binfon, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Meynell, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Butler, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Sandys, Lord Grey, Mr. Rushout, Sir Robert Burdelt, Mr. Which-cot, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Sir Alexander

Gilmour, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick,

; Worcester, Leicester, Stafford, Gloucester, Nottinghatrt.,

' and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lomford, An ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effect ' fcc. tual Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads Road, from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Corn/’s Mill, to Hitchin; and from Welwyn, through Coilicott, to Hitchin-, in the County of Hertford; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads front Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Corey's Mill, to Hitchin; and from Welwyn, through Co-1 dicott, to Hitchin; in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

t

! Meytr’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N«. for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyet, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That' the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John carry, the Bill to the

i VOL. 29.

Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame,-without any Amendment:

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to T«bty Order, a Bill for making a navigable Cut frortt the filial. Humber, at or neat Tetney, to the River Rudd, in the Parish of Aboingham-, in the county of ; and for making the said River navigalde from thence to, or near, the Town of Louth, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

A Meffdge from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr-.

Harris:

Mn Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ahoien'; for naturalizing John Fander Mwithout any Nau Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ail ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid iohis Majesty Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Ta*. Service of the Year 1763, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Atcount; House, an Account of the Number and Tonnage of all New/oumiimi Ships and Vessels cleared out from the several Ports <ft Trade' England to Nezofoundland, from 1752, td

Michaelmas 1762; or so far as the said Account can be made up; dilunguishing each Year, and each Port.

Ordered, That the prdper Officer do lay before this Account;* House, an Account of the Quantities and Values of Su^ar. Sugar exported from England to all Ports or Places whatsoever, from Christmas 1747, to Michaelmas 1762; or so far as the said Account can be rhade up; distinguishing each Year, and the raw Sugar from the refined; with a Medium of the Seven Years between j 747, and Christtnas 1754; and of the Seven Years between Christmas 1754 arid Christmas 1761.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account y House, an Account of the Quantities and Values of West India all West India Produce (Sugar excepted) exported from Produce* England to all Ports Or Places whatsoever, from Christmas 1747, to Michaelmas 1762; or so far as the said Account can be made up; distingliishing each Year; with a Medium of the Seven Years between Christmas 1747, and Christmas 1754; and Of the Seven Years between Christmas 1754, and Christmas 1761.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account; House, an Abstract of the last Returns transmitted to Army, the War Office, of the several Regiments and Corps now in His Majesty’s Sendee; specifying the several Corps, and the Places where they are.

Mr. Chanfcellor of the Exchequer reported to the' Answer House; That their Address of Tuefdny last (That His to Addrefi Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions; for that the Account thereto mentioned might be laid be-’ ^ccoUnt* fore this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to f;fe the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ: the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present

51 Parliament

16° — 170 D.

402

Parliament for the Shire of , in the room of the Honourable James Sinclair, Esquire, deceased.

A. 1762.

Veneris, 17® ofo

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 176 P*AYER<.

Count Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given

L* Lipp« to the Reigning Count La Lippe Buckebourg, for his

th»nkc<T^ disinterested and spirited Conduct, during the late War

in Germ*m); and for his moil important Services to

this Country, by defending the Dominions of His Ma- /ORDERED, That a Committee be appointed to in- £xp-ir;n jesty’s faithful and good Ally the King o{Portugal:And <luire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; La*s

that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him. aml to report tlje,r Op"110'1 to ,the House> which of

them are fit to be revived or continued:

The House being informed, that the Chamberlain And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Sir

of thfc City of London attended at the Door; he was dluim Maynard, Colonel Irzvnt, Mr. Jenkinfcn, Mr.

called in; and, atthe Bar, presented to the House, pur- Mr. Archer, Mr. West, Mr. Lord George

suant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

An Account, of the Surplus of the Fund for the Whitworth, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Eliot, M r. Shi ft tier. Lord Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1762: And also,

Account* from the Chamberlain of London.

Diglnj, Mr. Sandys, S Mr. Scot,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Dempster, Mr. Jackson, Lord John , Mr.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pur- KMr. Mr. Martin, Lord Grevile

Highways Application of Money.

fitarice of the Aft for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, from the 5’tli Day of July 1761, exclusive, to the 5th Day of July 1762, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over, and through London Bridge; from the 16th Day of November 1761, exclusive, to the 10th Day of December 1762, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money, as have been collected, within Ten Years last pad, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for re-

tagu, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Shelley, Mr. IValler, Mr. JMr. Calvert, Mr. Tlnjnne, Mr. Whichcof, Mr. For, Mr. Mr.

Jhend, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Grant, Mr. Brand, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bull, Marquis of Mr,

Morice, Lord Downe, Mr. Page, General Mr. Mawbey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Mr Waller, Mr. Harris, Sir John GlyMr.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Darner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Clive, Lord George SackvilleMr. Ixtve.lt, Sir George

Warren, Sir John Turner, General Bofcawen; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to l’erve in this present Par-

Aylflbury

Writ.

pairing any particular Highway; and that they do re- li ament for the Borough of Aylejbiny, \n the County port the Matters, as they shall appear to them, toge- " ~ "

ther with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Whitworth,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Whately, Nit.Harris, Mr. Glover,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Toumjhend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Mawbey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Cooke, Mr,

of Buckingham, in the room of the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

Taviftuck

Writ.

Shelley, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Oswald, Mr! for the Borough of 7biv>cAr, in the County of

Hamilton, Mr. Wedderbume, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Gib- in the room of Richard Rigby, Liquire, who,

tons, Mr, Kynaston, Colonel Inoin, Mr. Butler, Mr. ]IS ^£^6 said Borough, hath accepted

Drax, Mr. Pye, Lord Verney, Mr. Bull, Mr. Dowdef. the Office °nf V'ce Treasurer, and Receiver General, well, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Boone, Paymaster General of all His Majesty s Revenues

Lord Grey, Mr, Harvey, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fan/haw, in tae Kingdom of Ireland.

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Anson, Sir Roger Newdi-

gate, Mr. Butler, Lord Palmerflon, Mr. , Lord

Middh-sex, Mr. Knight, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mills, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. RobinJ'on, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Mitchell, Lord G rev He Montagu, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Beauchamp ProSor, Mr.

Byde, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Campbell, Lord Garlies: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Scot reported from the Committee, to whom the Aberbr »i»ck Bill for continuing an Act passed in the nth Year of Twjc^weJ his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration,

3 Geo. III.

17.* — 40" Decembris.

tion; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the Mon fe an Account of his Qualification; and taken and fub-Imbed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon thte Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Artiehdffients, be

ingrossed.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, the Goods of Henry Mathervs,a menial Servant of Sir Francis Henry Drake, a Member of this House, had been distrained in consequence of an Act done in pursuance of the Directions of the said Member to his said Servant, at the Suit of JoJiali Spiller, by virtue of a Writ of Execution, procured by John Newman, Attorney at Law, and executed by Oliver Strout and Robert Cross, Sheriff’s Officers;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Accounts; The House being informed. That Mr. Box, from

Wfftrinfier ^he Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster,9(c. attended at the Door; he was cailed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 louse, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for executing an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, in

fier, Sic. and of all Contrafts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, to the 16th Day of December 1762, inclusive: And also,

A Copy of the Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for executing an Act made in the 2d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, in Westvtinker, Kc. to the 16th of December 1762, inclusive; together with a Copy of the Account of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the same rime.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Copies, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are prefer ved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Aheibrothock Two Pennies Scot!.

Lunay 20* die; Anno'30 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1762. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act passed in the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-Vol. 29.

tituled, An Act for laying a Duty of T vto Pen dies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny-Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brew ed fin* Sate, brought into, vended, tapped; or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock) and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr.' Scot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.: , 1

A Bill for naturalising Jacob Reeffen was read a Second Tune.-

) Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. By dee, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Bullet, Sir Charles Mordaunt, > Mr. Parker, Mr.

Wedderbarne,. Mr. Kynajtan, Mr. Detnpfter, Mr. Pye, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Plumptrc, Sir John Glynat, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Norris, Mr. Calvert,

:Mr. Butler, Mr. Wynne, Mr. BldckJione, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Nichotfon Calvert, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Skiffher, Sir -KpatchbuU

Wyndham: And they are to-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

: . .;

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whoth the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, named and appointed by and in pursuance ofan Act of Parliament of the 10th of King George the First, for snaking more effectual an Act made in the Ninth of fiingi George the First, for completing the Repairs of the Haebnur of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye , was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hr® to report the fame, as it appearedto them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is a3 foHoweth; t?iz.:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, fereral Acts of 11 flf 14 Wm. 2 Ann. 4 Geo. I. 9 Geo. l. 16 Geo. 1. 11 Geo. II. 31 Geo. 11. and of the Second Year of the Reign: of His present Majesty, were tead.

: And- by the First of the said Acts certain Duties Were laid upon Ships and Vessels for raising a Sum of Money* to be applied for the Purpose of repairing Dover Harbour; which Duties were, by the said Acts, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of:Queen and the 4th

and 9th Years of the Reign of King the First*

to have Continuance till the First Day of May 1744 j and by the last of the said Acts it was directed, that One Third Part of the said Duties should be appropriated to the Use of Dover Harbour, and the other Two Thirds to the repairing of the Harbour of Rye, and relloring it to its ancient Goodness, under the Directions and Regulations in the said Act expressed.

By the said Act made in the Tenth Year of King George the First, for making the last mentioned Act more effectual, so far as the same related to the Har- hour of Rye*,'Power was given to make anew Cut from Winchelsea Water to the Sea, and to heighten the Walls! of the Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, in Manner therein mentioned. .

By the said Act, made in the 1 ith Year of his late. Majesty King George the Second, the said Duties were, further continued for the Term of 21 Years.

And the said Act, made in the 31st Year of his. said late Majesty, directs, That from the Expiration of the Term granted by the last mentioned Act, which will happen upon the 12th Day of May 1765, Old Style* One Half Part of the said Duties shall be continued for the further Term of 21 Years, and be applied for the Benefit and Support of the Harbour of; And by the latt of the said Acts, which was made in the last Session of Parliament, Power was given to: let the Sea and Tides into the said Hew Cut, as far as Winchelsea Wall -only: Then,

Mr-

Reeflea'*

Nat.

Ry«

Harboun

4Q4 $o Decembris6i+

ft ye Mr. Robert Cooper, Engineer, being examined* said,

H>rbour« -That he is employed in carrying on the Work« at Bye, and that Two Stone tiers, and One Timber Pier, a*e already erected, which extend ,200 Feet from the Harbour into the Sea, and a Groin carried from the Head of the Timber Pier 120 Feet, jn order to flop the Beach from coming down.

That the new Cut has been wharfed, and the Wini' chelsea Wall has been made of a proper Height and

Breadth, and that the Water is let into the said new Cut, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act passed last Session.

And the Witness said. That several Vessels have already been in the new Cut; that there had been 20 in at a Time; and that he believed there were Eight , or Ten there at present:

That it will hold 300 Vessels to ride in Safety at a ‘Time, there being 20 Feet Water in a common Spring Tide; that there has been 22 Feet and a half Water; and in a Neap Tide 14 or 15 Feet Water.

And, being asked what the ufuaf Tides were upon that Coast, he said, That in good Spring Tides they had about 20 Fathom Water, and in Neap Tides, about ': .14 or 15 Fathom::

That in order to fcoixr the said new Cut, and to keep dt clean,.he laid it was propossd to bring the Waters front the Uplands, which was practicable; and that there whs no Doubt, but by that Means the Cut would be kept entirely dean, as there are upwards of 100,000 Acre* of Land from1 whence the M aters might be brought; and the doing this will also open a navigable Communication between the new Cut and the Town ofifytf.

And he laid, That the WharJing of the new Cut is at present in bad Repair for Want of the Water being fanner let in:

That there are several other Matters wanting to.-he done, and the Works will want a eohstant Repair, for which a Fund will he necessary.;

..... Situ fold, Captain of a Courting Vesselj and Mr. John Peadk, an Officer belonging to His Majesty’s Customs, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. (hooper; and- they both laid, That Ships of 300 Tous have gone into the Harbour of Rye; and that ib will receive Ships of 70 Guns:

That the Tides flow naturally in and out of tins Harbour, and that there are no Counter Tides: That: the old Harbour is not capable of being made fogood - as the new Cut, there being a Bar of Sand in the old Harbour, which prevents the Out-feouring from being made so good as it can be made in the new Cut: And both the Witnesses agreed, that this new Cut was a Work of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Acto£the nth and 12th Years of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts continued till the iath Day of May 1765, and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Norris, Mr. F.btmpire, Mr. Fuller, Mr. and Mr.

do prepare, and.bring.in, the fame.

Coventry Mr. Serjeant Hewitt reported from the Committee, Street*, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, . and' oft lie Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of C whose Common

Seal and Names are thereunto respectively affixed and subscribed, m behalf, of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of: the said City, was referred, That the Com- -mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to'report the fame, as it appeared! to them, lo the HouTe; and he read the Report in his. Place*, and afterwards delivered-it in at the Clerk’s.

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, joseph II witt, Esquire, being examined* said, That the City of Coventry is a populous and trading City; that the Pavements within the said City, and its Suburbs, are ib torn and broke up, by reason of the many heavy Carriages used within, and in priding and repairing through the fame, that they are ahnoft impassable; and that it has been found impracticable to keep the same in Repair: That it would tend greatly to the Safety and Advantage of the said City and Suburbs if the same were properly lighted, and, together with the Places adja- I

cent, were kept free from Nuisances and Annoyances, and the public Wells and Pumps therein duly and properly regulated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, Causeways,

Lanes, and Pall'ages, in the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there:

And that Mr. Serjeant Heicitt, Colonel and

Mr. Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ipfaich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to fern* in this present Par- ,

Jlament for the Borough of Ipfuichin the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Francis Lord Orwell, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since -s

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mir. Speaker do issue & Warrant to C»l*» the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for Writ* the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- j

ment for the Borough of Cable, in the county of ,

in the room of Daniel Bull, Esquire, who, since his 1

Election far the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners lor Affairs of Taxes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newcastle the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for und«lioe the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newc under Line, in the County of Stafford, in the room of Henry Vernon,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners. for managing the Revenues of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. -Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weobley the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the C<» ntyof Hereford, in the room of the honourable Henry Fre- f*

derick Thynne, who, since his Election lor the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s Iloufhold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to jjewdJey the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Vint the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Sir Edward Winnington, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores, belonging to His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to christchurch I the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for. Writ. ! the Electing:of-a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christchurch, in the County j

of Southumfion, in the room of James Harris, Esquire,- j

who I

3 Geo. III. ao° — 21 *Decembris. 405

who, since his Election For the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

lirilain.

Huntingdon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffae- his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the.Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in

the room of the Right honourable Lord

fort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Ix>rd High Admiral of Great Britain.

Oxford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffne his Warrant to County the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Out Ranger of His Majesty’s Eoreft of , and

Surveyor of His Majesty’s Gardens and Waters.

Hgh Price A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of of Nottingham, act’embled in their Common Council, Com, &c. was presented to the Iloufo, and read; Taking Notice of the very high Price of all Sorts of Corn and Grain in the Markets of the said Town, and more particularly' in the Northern and North-Western Parts of England, and that the same are likely to advauee, owing to the bad Crops of the last Season; and that the Petitioners are informed, that in the Southern and South-Eastern Counties of this Kingdom, where good Crops were well got, Corn bears a very moderate Price, but that the Inhabitants, encouraged by the Bounty allowed for' Exportation of Corn, will be thereby induced to export their Grain beyond the Seas, rather than suffer the same to be brought to those Northern and North-Western Counties, to the very great Detriment of the Inhabitants thereof in general, and of the working Poor in particular, utdefs restrained by due course of Law: And therefore the Petitioners request the House tb take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedies for the Prevention of so great a Grievance, by taking off the Bounty for a limited Time, or such other Methods as to the House shall feetn most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

DunWed Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do HTue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Humphrey Alcrice, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Duties on for continuing and granting to 'His Majesty certain Malt, Sec. pmjgj upon Malt, Mum, :Cyder, and Perry, for the ’Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, without any Amendment: And also,

Mr. Fox’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Qualification to enable the Right honourable Henry Fox to take, in Great Britain, the Oat hs of Office, as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the ‘Enjoyment

Vol. 29.

of the said- Offices* without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have, agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Boon’s for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotes, Anthony (an<*^‘her») Francis HuldimancL, Samuel Bouqfs, and John Werner Faefch, witlioufe aoy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed; that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Value of all the Account*; Imports into and- Exports from England and loupe, Martinico, Marie Galanle, and since

the same have been respectively conquered by His Majesty’s Arms, to the 10th October 1762; distinguishing each Place and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities and Values of Sugar, exported from England to all Ports or Places whatsoever, from Christmas 1747 to Ch 17.61; distiu-guishing each Year; and the Raw from the Refined, with a Medium of the first and last Seven Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 21st Way* Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee Mean* of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 21st Supply. Day of January next, resolve itself intp a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffae his Warrant to Yarmouth, the Clerk of the Crown, to make ont a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Henry Holmes, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 21 9die Decembris;

, Anno 3* Qegrgii IH, U Regis, 1762.

P-kAYJSJM.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Newmuket freeholders of the Counties of Cambridge anfl to Sirffafk, nrbofe Names are thereunder written, was.presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highway leading from the End of Newmarket towards London, over Newmarket Heath, in the said Counties, >to the farther Side of the Parish of Fulborne, where the present Turnpike Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath ends, 16 no,w in great Decay, so that Cottle and Carriages cannot travel without great Danger; and alleging, ithat the several Parishes, to which the said Road belongs, are not able to repair the same by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and ptefer.ving the said Road,-in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

5 K Ordered,

406

21° Decembris.

A. 17

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr: BrudeneU, Mr Mr. Tow liftend, Mr. White, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Mr.

Paterson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Burrell, Sir John

Gibbons, Mr. Price, Mr. Gray, Mr Lord

ton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir William Beauc Mr.

Shiffner, Lord Grey, Mr. PSir Charles Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Labis, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Mr. Parker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, SufNorfolk, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the United Kingdom: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fletcher, Mr and Mr. burne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacob was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Rde (Ten's 'Nat.

Account;

Newfound tt.il

'1 rade.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House upon the First Day of this Inllant December, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir John Gibbons, Knight of the Molt honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of this House, he received - The House being informed that Mr. Thompson, from upon Friday the 2 lit Day of January next, the Office of Register General of Trading Ships, at-

Privilegr,

Merton

Jndofure.

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number and Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels cleared out from England to Newfoundland, from Chr if mas 1752 to Christmas 1761; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Merton, in the County of Oxford, and Proprietor of Lands in the Open and Common Fields

in the Township of Merton aforesaid, and Richard Ha-

rington, Esquire, a Proprietor likewise of Lands in the Parliament, for repairin g and widening the Road lead-said Fields, was prefen ted to the House, and read; ing from the Black Bull Inn in in the County

Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands lie dispersed of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road in the said Open Fields, and being intermixed with the up to House, in the County of Hertford, with-

Glebe Lands of, and liable to the Payment of Great and out any Amendment: And also.

Small Tythes to, the Rector and Scholars of Exeter The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act College, in the Universit.y of Oxford, (subject, neverthe- for naturalising David Wolpman, John and Francis

with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew'.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill*, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land 'l ax, to Lutld lax-be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-tlnee, without any Amendment: And also,

rl he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitehin; and from H ehcyn, through Codicot, to Hitehin; in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Twm Acts of

Lemsford,

&c.

Road.

JD "!fable Road.

Making cf Bread; Scotland;

less, to a Term of Years, yet unexpired, in a Lease by which the Petitioner, Sir Edward Turner, at present holds and enjoys the said Glebe Lands and Tythes) are, in their present Situation, in a great Measure inc&pable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, it would tend to the Benefit of the said Parties, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, and for making a Compensation in -lieu of the said Common of Pasture, and of the said Great and Small Tythes, in such Manner, and under Inch Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Mr.

Doicdcficell, and Mr. Upton, do.prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

3 ift Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George < the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of

Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affifce thereof;

and to punish Peri'ons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act, so far as the same .: relates to that Papt of Great Britain called Scotland, and for rendering the said Act mors effectual in that Part of

Wolpmsm’s (and others) Nat.

Pr. 1.

L. 6.

L. 9.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

leave out " and."

After " Switze" insert " David " Plantier, Son of David " by Mary his Wife, born at Turin;

" William Stafford, born at Paris,

" in the Kingdom of France; and " E'rancis Delon, Son of Francis DcIon, by Clara his Wife, born at " Gejioa."

L. 19. Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert " David Plantier, William Staf.ford, and Franc Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert " David Plantier,

" ford, and Francis Delon."

Pr. 2. L. 33. Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert" David Plantier, William Staf-'’ford, and Francis Delon."

Pr. 3. L. 5. Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert " Dav

"ford, and Francis Delon."

In the'Title of the Bill leave out " and, " and after Fatio," insert " David Plantier, William Stafford, and " Francis Delon."

The

34*

3 Geo. III. 1° Decembris

The said Amendments being fevcjally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-- upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir JarriSmith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin-fun, Gentleman Uflicr of the Black Rod:

A1 r. Speaker,

The Ring commands this Honourable House to attend llis Majesty, immediately, in the House of

Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Horal Assent Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended 10 His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Ma-

®"1'’ jetty was pleased to give the Royal Ad eat to the several

public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land 'Fax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in , in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford Ho, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from fordMill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hi (chin;and from Welioyn, through Codicot, to Hilchin;in the County of Hertford:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Fox

to take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office, as W riter of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment

of the said Offices:

An Act for naturalizing Jeremiah Meyer:

An Act for naturalizing John Vander Meulen:

An Act for naturalizing Adolph Boon, James Des Cotes, Anthony Francis HSamuel and

John WernerFaefch:

An Act for naturalizing David Wolpman, John Siri, Francis Philip Fatio, David William Stafford,

and Francis Delon.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday the 20th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 20® die Januarii;

Anno 3® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Ercnwood A PET ITION of Wil of luclosure. f\_ in the County of Durham, Gentleman; George Dixon, of Cockfield, in the said County, Gentleman;

Richard Richardjbn, of Darlington, in the County aforesaid, Surveyor of Land; and Hugh Boag, of the Parish of Lamcjley, in the said County, Gentleman; Commis-

lioners appointed by the of Parliament herein after mentioned; and also of several of the Freeholders, Copy-holders, and Leaseholdt rs, within the Manor of Even-wood, in the County of Durham, whose Names are Voi. 29.

— 20° Januarii \407

thereunto subscribed; in behalf of themselves, and of the several other Persons who are Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor; was presented to the House, and r£hd; Reciting, That by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Evemooood, and Chapelry of Saint Hellen’s Auckland, and County of Durham, it was, among!! other Things, enacted, that the same should, on or before the Firli Day of December 176be set out, divided, and allotted, by the Petitioners, the said Commissioners, among!! the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon; and that, in cale any Disputes should arise touching the Claim of any Person or Persons to Right of Common, the same iliould be referred to Arbitrators named in the said Act, who were to hear and determine the fame, and execute an Award thereof, within Six Months after the patting of the Act; and alleging, that various Claims having been made by different Persons, of Right of Common on the said Moor of Common, and Objections having been made thereto in Manner allowed by the said Act, the said Commissioner# referred the same to the said Arbitrators for their Determination; and that the great Number of such Claims and Objections having rendered it impofftblefor the said Arbitrators to hear and finally determine the fame, and to make their Award in relation thereto, within the Time prescribed by the said Act, the said Commissioners have therefore been prevented from executing the fe-< veral Powers and Authorities vetted in them by the said Act, and will not be able to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor or Common among!! the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon, and to make their Award in relation thereto, within the Time limited by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Mr. Shafloe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir William of upon

Swale, in the County of York, Baronet, the Mott Reverend Father in God Robert Lord Archbilliop of York, Primate of England, and Metropolitan; Henry Majier-man, of the City of York, Esquire; the Reverend Thomas Hurdis, Clerk, Prebendary of the Prebend of Slren/all, in the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of York; Thomas Gill, of the City of York, Gentleman; Gabriel Griffith, of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, Gentleman; Ambrose Beckwith, of the said City, Jewel-. Ier; Dame Sarah Dawes, otherwise Thompfonand the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the Mayor and Commonalty of the said City of York, under their Common Seal; was presented to the Ilonfe, and read; Setting forth, That there are several ancient Inclosnres within the Townttiip of Clifton, in the County of and some within a

Precinct called Bootham Ward, in the Suburbs of the City of York, which are subject to Common of Average, which belongs to the Owners and Occupiers of ancient Houses and Frontlteads within the said Township of Clifton, and to the Freemen of the said City of York, being Inhabitants of ancient Messuages within Bootham Ward aforesaid, which Freemen are Part of the Commonalty of the said City; and that there is also a large Common, lying within the Manor and Township of Clifton aforesaid, containing Five hundred Acres of Land, or thereabouts, the Soil whereof belongs to the Petitioner, the said Sir William RobinJ'on, as Lord of the said Manor of Clifton; and the Herbage and Depafiur-age thereof belongs to the said Petitioner, Sir William llobinfon, and to all the other Owners and Occupiers of ancient Houses and Frontsteads within the Township of Clifton aforesaid, subject to a Right of Stray, which the

Freemen

Clifton

Inclosure.

408 20° Januarii.JL1763.

;:i

Incicsure Freemen of the said City, being Inhabitants of such an- Northampton, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner's Jate cient Messuages \vithin BoothamWard aforesaid, have Father, being seised of a considerable Real Estate, did, over the said Common for certain Cattle, at all Times of by his last Will in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Year;- and that the Petitioner, the said Sir William the 23d Day of June 1760, give and devise the same 3

Bobit foil, is Owner of several ancient Freehold Houses to and Esquires, and

and Frcntlieads, and of One hundred and Sixty-seven their Heirs, upon Trust, to raise fuflieient Money there-Acres, or thereabouts, of inclosed Freehold Land, with- out, by such Ways and Means as are therein men-in the said Manor and Township, and is also Owner and tioried, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies,

Lcfl’ee of other Hoitfes and Lands in the said Town- and did thereby devise the Residue thereof to the Use 4

ship, Part Copyhold, held of the Manor of Acomb, in of his said Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life \

the County of the said City of York, which Manor is of the Petitioner, upon Trust, to pay the Rents and r

Parcel of the PolVethon of the See of York, and is now Profits thereof to the Petitioner, for her separate Use; in I.eufe to the Petitioner, thd said HenrijMaftennan,. and, after her'Decease, he devised the Residue of the and Part Leafeliold, being Parcel of the Man6r of said Estate to the Use of her First and other Sons, in *$'ironfall, in the County of York, held by the said Sir Tail Male successively, with several Remainders over;

William Robinson, by Lease, for Three Lives, under the and that in the said Will is contained a Proviso, that

Prebendary of the Prebend of Strenfallaforesaid; and the First- and every other Son of the Petitioner, and

that the Petitioner, Sir William RobinJ'on, is also Im- all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, and

propriator and Owner, in his own Right, of all Tythes his and their Heirs Male, as he or they should come

whatsoever, and other Ecclesiastical Dues of the said unto the actual Possession of the said Premises, or be

Township of Clifton; and that the other Petitioners actually entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof,

being varioufiv interested in the Premises, it is mutually should take upon him or them, mid always bear, the

agreed, by and amongst all the said Petitioners, that Surname of Medlycott, and should bear and quarter the

the said ancient Inclosures, now subject to Average as Arms of Medlycott, and write or subscribe him or them-

aforesaid, shall be absolutely freed and exempt there- selves, in all Deeds and Writings, by the Surname of

from, for certain Considerations agreed upon amongst Medlycott; and shoutd use his and their Endeavours to

them, and that an equivalent in Money shall be paid obtain an Act of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, j

to all the Owners and Occupiers of ancient Houses and within the space of Two Years next after he or they 1

Frontlleads within the Township of Clifton aforesaid, as should severally come unto the actual Possession of the

their Compensation for such Average; and that a pro- said Premises, or be entitled to the Rents and Profits s

portionable Part of the said Common of Cliftonihall be thereof, by virtue of the Limitations in the said Will;

let out and allotted, and fenced off from the Residue of and, in Default or Neglect thereof, he directed, that

the said Common, for the lole Use and Benefit of such all and singular the Lauds, Tenements, and Heredita-

Freemeii bs aforesaid, to be by them enjoyed in Seve- ments thereby devised, iliould go and be veiled in such

ralty, and exempt from the Payment of Tythes, as their Person as iliould, by virtue of the said Limitations, be

Compensation for such Average; and that an Equiva- nOxt entitled to the Possession thereof, as in same such

lent in Lands, Parcel of the Residue of the said Com- Person, so refuting or neglecting to take upon him the

mon, shall be allotted to the said Sir William Robinson, Surname and bearing the Arms of Medlycott, had been

in lieu of all Tythes of such Residue of the said Com- actually dead; and that the said Thomas Medlycott died

mon; and that all the then Residue of the said Com- in the Month of March 1761, and thera is not at pre-

mon shall be divided and allotted to and amongst such sent any Issue Male of the Petitioner, and the Peti-

of the Petitioners as are Owners and Proprietors of tioner is desirous of complying with the said Proviso. ,.j

ancient Houses and Frontsteads within the Township in the said Will contained: And therefore praying,

of Clifton; by means whereof, as well the said ancient That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the

Inclosures, as the said Common, will be capable of Purposes aforesaid, so far as the same relate to or con-

great Improvement, for the Advantage of all the Peti- cern the Petitioner.

tioners, and of the Public in general: And therefore. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, \

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

for exempting the ancient Inclosures, situate within Mr. Serjeant Heviett and Mr. do prepare*;

the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, and and bring in, the fame, within a Precinct called Bootham Ward, in the Suburbs

of the City of ForL respectively, from all Right of The House being informed, that Mr. , Clerk Account) j

Common of Average therein, and for giving Compen- to the Company of Mercers of the City of London,

fation for such Average to those who are entitled there- attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the to; and also for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Bar, presented to the House a Paper, intituled,

Common of Clifton aforesaid, and exempting the same The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of from the Payment of Tythes; and for other Purposes the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from j

therein to be expressed. the 1 oth 1761 to the 10th of 1762,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fane, Sir George Army tage, Nlr.Lane, late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

and Mr. Lafcedes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens

and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the D’Orville A Petition of John D'Orville and Michael Wiegand City of London.

was presented to the House, and read; praying, That And then he withdrew.

*Nat! 1 Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Natu- And the Title of the said Paper was read.

ralization. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to be perused by the Members of the House. according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Mr. Maivbey and Mr. Prefect do prepare, and bring Papers of this Session.

in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account); Hill’! Name. A Petition of Ann Barbara Hill Medlycott, the Wife Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of His ^u^c®tba of George Hill, Esquire, late Ann Barbara Hill, was Majesty’s Exchequer, {landing out at Chrifimds last, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That with the Annual Interest or other Charges payable for Thomas Medlycott, of Cottingham, in the County of the fame.

Ordered, 1

"I

Geo. III.

2oS — 2 i° Januar'iL

the:

V:

I*

K

Account; Ordered, That a State of the Debt of His Majesty’s N«y Debt. Navy, as it Hood on the 31 ft Day of December Jail, be laid before this House.

Account; CrHiunce Debt.

Prince

Ferdinand's

Answgr

to

Addref*

of

Thankfc

at

re,

tit if ?S> i he ir

cf

tat An

f»!

the

Admiral

Audrey's Antwcr to Adbrefs tfThank*.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it. stood on the 31 ft Day of December last, be laid before this House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That in Obedience to the Commands of this House of the 9th Day of December last, he had signitied to his Serene Highness Prince Ferdinand of Brunswictheir Thanks for the great and important Services he has performed to this Country, in the several Campaigns during which he has commanded His Majesty’s Army in; and that

he had, on the 1 ith instant, received a Letter; in Answer, from Prince Ferdinand, in the French Language; a Translation of which is as followeth;

Sir,

From Brunfu ick,

27 Dec. 1762.

I have received the Letter which you, Sir, did me the Honour of writ ing to me on the 9th of this Month, to acquaint me with the Resolution which the House of Commons of Great Britain have come to, to give me their Thanks for the Services which I have been able to perform to Great Britain during the Time that I was at the Head of His Majesty’s Army in Germany.

I am infinitely flattered with fodiftiuguished an Honour; And I entreat you, Sir, to express to that illustrious Body my lively Acknowledgments for thisfignal Mark which they have given me of their Approbation.

I am happy to express to you in particular, upon this Occasion, with how much Efieem I am.

Sir,

Your moll humble

and most obedient Servant, Ferdinand,

Due de

et de Lunebourg.

To Sir John Cuji.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, on the 29th Day of December last, received from Rear-Admiral Rodney the following Letter in return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 6th Day of May last.

8th, 1762.

Sir,

I embrace the first Opportunity to acknow ledge the Receipt of your Letter of the 6th of enclosing the Resolution of the Hotife of Commons of the same Date.

Thefavourable Regard with which the House has been pleased to look upon my Services demands my earliell and moll grateful Acknowledgments; but, Sir, I claim no other Merit than having been, in conjunction with Major General Moncklon, the happy Instrument of executing the wife Measures concerted anddirettedbyHis Majesty, to which alone are owing the valuable Acqui-fitions made to His Dominions in this Part of the World.

But I ftitould be insensible indeed, Sir, if I did tiot receive the distinguistied Honour the House of Coirw inons has conferred on me with the most sincere and most respectful Thanks, which I beg you will be pleased to signify to the House in my Behalf; and that it shall ever be my constant Care to retain thedeepell Senseof this Testinionv of their Regard and Approbation.

My particular Thanks, Sir, are due to you for the polite and obliging Manner in which you have been pleased to communicate to me the Resolution of the House; and I take this Opportunity of alluring you,

\ «L. 29.

40Cj

that I have the Honour to be, with the most sincer* Respect and Esteem,

Sir,

Your most obedient

and most obliged humble Servant,

G. B. Rodney.

Right honourable Sir John CuJl, Speaker.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris > 21° die Januarii j Anno 30 Georgii III"* Regis, 1763.

Pr

AYIRS.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Carmarthen County and County Borough of Carmarthen, Roadi. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from the County of Brecon, from the Fourteen-Mile Stone in the Parish of and

County of Carmarthen, through the Town of Llandovery,

to Llydiady Gzvyn, in the Parish of Llandiloe-vawr and County of Carmarthen aforesaid; and frotli thence, by a Smith’s Shop called Cledfulch, over Dyless Bridge, to the Town of Llandiloe-vawr; and from the said Towm of Llandiloe-vazer, along the Poll Road; by. Rhwyradar, to and through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavem/pi/e, in the Parish of Kifjig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some:

Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, w idening, and rendering commodious the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; dnd report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hoafe:

And it is referred to Mr. RicMr. , Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ddwdefzcell, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Pye, Lord Veriiei/, Mr. IJarcourt,

General Bofcazoen, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. JFard, Mr. Sandys, Sir H illiam Meredith,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Or-

ztell, Mr . Boss, Lord Bateman, Mr. Ha mill on, Captain

James Campbell, Mr Buller, Mr. Mr. Chauncy

Townsend-, and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and Counties of Hereford, Salop, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of , Wetlingortf

in the County of Lincoln, and others, whose Names are Inclosiue. thereunto subscribed, being Owmers and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Manor and Parish of Wellingore aforesaid, are several Open and Common Fields, known by the Names of the South, Middle, and North High Fields, the South, Middle, and North Lozv Fields, and the Car; and also a Common Failure Ground; the whole consisting of about 3,150 Acres; and alleging, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Car lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapableof any Improvement; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Par-

L ties

AirJ.

17^3*

410

2i° — 240

Ltifies, 24.® die

Januarii

Anno 3* Georgii III. Regis, 1763.

IAYERS.

Greetham

Inclosure.

ties concerned, if the said Fields, Car, and Pasture

Ground were inclosed and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective nights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pur- _ _ . «»,

fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord \jR- Ser)eant Heun/t presented to the House, ac- Hill* Brownlmv Bertie, Mr. lVhichcot, and Mr. Chaplin, do 11> A cording to Order, a Bill, for enabling Ann Bar- -Name-prepare and bring in the fame. bar a Medlycott to take the Surname and Arms of

’ Medpurfuant to the Will of Thomas

A Petition of the Right Honourable the Lord of the: Rie ^ame was received , and

Manor of Greet ham, in the County of Rat land, of the read the t trtt 1 me.

- - I hat the Bill be read a Second Tune.

Patron, Vicar, and Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church of Greetham afore Paid, and of the Proprietors and Owners, of Lands, Tythes, and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Properties of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie dispersed in

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution Two Acts, one passed in the First, and the other in the Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Heath, in the

Hounslow

to

Road.

small Parcels; and alleging, that it would be of great bounty of MidMi r, to a Place called Bg'ig/Me, near Advantage to the several Proprietors and Owners of the tl» Town of Bag, hoi, in the Par, 111 of Wmdkfiam, in

privilege.

Way*

and Means.

Supply.

said Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, if the same were inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, into specific Parts, and Shares, according to every Person’s Right and Interest in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Bayntunand Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The House being informed that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given to Sir John Gibbons, Baronet, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon Wednesday the First Day of December last;

Ordered, That the Order made upon the a ill Day of December last, for receiving upon this Day the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections touching the said Complaint, be discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House Morning next, resolve itself into whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Marine

Force*.

the County of Surrey, was presented to the I louie, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Acts, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road, and that the Trustees for the said Road have taken up at Interest a considerable Sum of Money, which Hill remains unpaid; and alleging, that, although the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Road, vet the same cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said A<ils be renewed and enlarged, and the Tolls augmented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former A els, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the lloul’e:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Sir John Gibbons, Sir Franc it Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, M r. Niche Jon beat, Mr. \Ir. Shaftoe,

Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Byde, Lord Royston, Mr. j Butter, Mr. lVhichcot, Mr. Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr, Wilkes,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Prefcot, Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Fanf Lord Mr. Hayes, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sir

I will, upon W'incfiay JM» Mr. .11 the Member* wl»

into a Committee of the serv'for *e C°"es of Sum,y, and

ampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at rive

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

A Petition of Samuel Chollet, John Francis Gabriel Chollet’s Bize, and Samuel Grellett, was presented to the House, (and others) and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring Nit‘ in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cujland Sir Edmund Thomas do prepare, and bring

in* the fame.

Mr. Robinson presented to the House, according to Clifton Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Agree- Indofur*. ment for extinguishing the Right of Average, in, and upon all the ancient inclosures, situate, and being, in Bootham, in the Suburbs of the City of York, and in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, or either of them; and also for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; and for giving adequate Compensations in lieu thereof to all the Parties having Right to such Average and Stray respectively; and for dividing and

inclosing

3 Geo. III. 24 — 25 411

imlosing the said Common and Moor; and for the other Purpos.s therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Firit d ime.

It< jok ed. That the Fill be read a Second Time.

fforfe'i A Petition of the Riqht honourable John Lord Saint j.uiiire. John, Baron of Bletjo, Lord of the Manor of

in the County of Northampton; the Honourable and Reverend Saint Andrew Saint John, Rector of the Parish Church of Woodford: and several other Persons interested in the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pasture, and W ade Grounds in the said Manor; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Meadows lie inter-» mixed, and dispersed in fniall Parcels, and are incapable

of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that J if the said Fields and Meadows, and the Common

Pasture and Waste Grounds, in the said Manor, were divided and inclosed in Allotments, to be made in proportion to each Person’s Interest therein, and a proper Coinpensation or Recompense made for the Tythes, the same would tend to the Advantage of all the Parties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Cary fort, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

I D’Orville’s Mr. Mazvbey presented to the House, according to ! Wieanadnd,$ Order, a Bill for naturalizing John D'Orville and Mi-Nat. chad Wiegand: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wiifimrft A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, whose Names are llJJthereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Peny ' claicd, in the County of Denbigh, from the Turnpike

Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, through Llangollen, to the moll proper and commodious joining of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin; and from Llangollen through Acre Fair Collery, to the Finger j Poll at the joining of the Ro^d aforesaid, leading from

1 Ofwefry to Wrexham; is in a ruinous Condition, narrow

in many Places, and incommodious to Passengers; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious by the Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such , Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

; 1 Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Lord Clive, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Core, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbrolce, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Clive, Mr, Jennings, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Mazcbey, Lord Verney, Mr. Pryfe, Sir^o/m Mr. Ilayes, Lord Orwell, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Byde, Sir Henry Erjkinc, Mr. Buller, Sir Edward Simpson, Mr. Dozcdefwell, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vane, Sir Francis Drake, Sir George Savile, Sir John Gibbons; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Chester, Worajler, and Stafford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 2y.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Sir John Philipps (from the Committee appointed to Highways} inquire into the Management and Application of all Apptcation such Sums of Money as have been collected within 0 1 011 ‘ Ten Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House) acquainted the House,

That the said Committee, upon going into the Inquiry on the Kensington Turnpike, found it necessary to extend their Inquiry farther back than Ten Years; therefore had directed him to move the House, That the said Committee do inquire into the Management and Applications of all such Sums of Money as have been collected within Eleven Years tail past by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway; and that they do report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And Sir John Philipps moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money, as have been collected within Eleven Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway; and that they do report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. (from Accounts;

the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Imports and Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to E*P°rM< the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported from England, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1754; and also from Christmas 1754, to Christmas 1761; which is as for as this Account can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Place:

And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported into England, from -mas 1748, to Christmas 1754; and also from Christmas 1754, to Christmas 1761; which is as far as this Account can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongil the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 25° die Januarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III11* Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Rest or of the Parish of Pilham, pjlham in the County of Lincoln; and of several Pro- Inclosure. prietors of, and Persons interested in, the open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Pilham aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the respe&i ve Proprietors in the said Fields, and Meadow Ground, lie intermixed, and dispersed in

ftnall

25° — ^6° Jannum.

412

(mail Parcels, and arV, at present, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that if Power was given to divide and inclose the fame, and to make Satisfaction to the said Rector, and his Successors, for the Tythesof the said Parish at large, it would tend to the Benefit of all Parties concerned: And therefore

A. 1763.

York Street* See.

Compensation made in lieu of Tv tin's arising therefrom, the same would be very useful and convenient: And therefore praying, That I>eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaiej.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaut to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for George and Mr. Lane do prepare, and bring in,

the Purposes aforesaid, in such Maimer, and with such the fame.

Mr. Citft presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Samuel C/iollelt, John Francis Gabriel Bize, and Samuel G; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Regulations as »he House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Sandi/s, and Lord Brownlow Ber tie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the said City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter's, within the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That it would conduce to and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton-. the Security, Convenience, and Advantage of all Per- And the same was received; and read the Firit Time, fons residing in, and resorting to the said City, if the That the Bill be read a Sccoud Time.

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages of the said

City, Suburbs, and Liberty, were well and regularly Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighted, paved, cleanfod, and kept in Repair, and free rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Com-from Annoyance; and the Hackney Coachmen, Chair- missioners appointed by an Act made in the lull Session

The Lord Ci/ry.f/br/presented to the I louse, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor

CMIttt (..iui oti-ers) Nat.

'Woodford

Inclol'ure*

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

men. Carmen, and Draymen, plying, or working for Hire, within the same, were under proper Regulations; and if all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, in the principal and moll frequented Parts of the said City, Suburbs, and Liberty, were obliged either to bring the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, Shops, Penthouses, and other buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses, Buildings, and Penthouses, into the Streets, and public Highways, or

of Parliament, to put in execution an Act made in the same Hellion, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majestybya Land Tax, to he railed\u Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the full-mentioned Act, to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Ma-jeflybya Land Tax, to be raised in Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763: And that Mr. Chancellor

to convey such Water into their own private Grounds: of the Exchequer, the Lord North, and Mr. Dyjon, do

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to prepare, and bring in, tho fame, bring in a Bill for the Establishing such Regulations by

Law, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lane, Sir George Mr. Webb, Mr. Sandys, Sir George SaviMr. Harvey, Mr. Vane, Mr. Maubey, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Pn^/f, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fitzroy SSir Charles

daunt, Mr. AJkburnham, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr.

Cust, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Harris: And all the Members

who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die 'Januarit;

Anno 3° Georgii IIItU Regis, 17G3. Prayers.

Olm D' Orville and Michael took the Oaths

J appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mar fleet Indofurt.

A Petition of the several Persons, vhofe Names are Nightingale thereunto subscribed, being principal Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, residing the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power in or near the Borough of the Market Towns

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. of Charley and Bolton, all in the County Palatine of

Lane aftwas presented to the House, and read: Sct-A Petition of the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of ting forth, That the Roads leading from Nightingales, in the College of Saint John the Evangelist, in the Univer- the Township of Heath Char nock, in the said County,

to Bolton in the Moors, in the said County, through the Townships of Heath Adlinglon. Auderton. Riving to»f Horwich, Heaton, and

Bolton in the Moors aforesaid, are in a very ruinous Condition in many Places, narrow and founderous, and in

fity of Cambridge, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, Matthew Remington and Ake, Gentle-

men , and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Freehold, or Leasehold Estates, and Right of Common, in the several Arable

Fields and Pastures of the Lordship of Marjleet, in the the Winter alnioft impassable, and cannot be sufficiently

County of York, and in the ancient Inclosures there and also of Hairy Waterland, Gentleman, Owner of all the Tythes, Great and Small, within the said Lordship, except of Two Oxgangs, and a Quarter of Land within the same; was presented to the Ilonfe, and read: Setting forth, That the said Fields and Pastures contain together

amended and widened by the ordinary centric of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, turning, and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as the I Ioulc shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; the greatest Part of which Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexamine lie open: and the Shares of the Parties, who are entitled the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap-thereto, are intermixed and inclosedj and other Parts pear to them, to the House:

thereof are occupied in Common; and alleging, that if all the said Premises were divided and inclosed, and a

And it is referred to Sir George Warren, Mr. Serjeant IJeioittyX^ovd Strange, Mr. KyMr. Mr*

3 Geo. III. $6° — 27

Blackfone, Lord Car lie a, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Nichoifon Calvert, Lord Robert , Mr. Right/,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Buller, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Alderman Sir John Philipps, Mr. Evelyn, Lord Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ward-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, West-

worcland, Cumberland, Durham, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Newmarket The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to to whom flie Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Frce-^ioad"* holders of the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Brand, and Mr. Thomas Morley, being severally examined, said, That the Road from the Fnd of Newmarket towards London, over Heath, to the

further Side of the Parish of Fulbonte (where the present Turnpike Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath ends) is now in great Decay, and in many Parts dangerous in the Winter Season; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, as the several Parishes, to which the same belongs, have many other public Roads to repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Neiomarket, over Neiomarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump , in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk: And that the Lord Royston, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Earl of A Petition of John Earl of Sandwich, and the humble Sandwich Petition of Robert Nugent, Esquire, and Richard Rigby, (and others) Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ^BdL*'00 forth> That His Majesty, by his Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, hath granted to the Petitioners the Offices of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Revenues, Profits, and Casualties whatsoever, in his said Kingdom of Ireland; and to be Treasurer at War within the same: And alleging, That the Petitioners urgent Business requiring their Stay in England, they cannot, at present, go into i> the said Kingdom to qualify themselves for the Enjoy-

ment of the said Offices: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, for the Employments above mentioned; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Kynaston and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Suppiv Pill; Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Und Tux. House, according to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in execution an ACtmade in the same Section, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17S2; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majest y by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Vol. 2y.

15 Januarii. 413

of the Year 1763: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kn,"<w°nxu the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for rit* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Henry Slingsby, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee

Elections be adjourned. of

Privileges.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- MdMeaos night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole '

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis. 27° die Januarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

ORdered, That there be laid before this House an Ac- Account;

count of the Charge for Transport Service, between Transport# the 1 ft of October, and 31st December 1761; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac- Ditto, count of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift of January, and the 31st 1762; in-

cluding the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Account; His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleasedto give ®Ugyng of Directions to the proper Officers, that there belaid before this House, an Estimate of what maybe necessary for the Buildings, Rebnildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1763.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Private into the State of the private Madhouses in this Kingdom; Madhouse*. and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointftd of Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigale,

Mr. Jackson, Colonel Brudenell, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Barrington, Mr. Irwin, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Darner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Norris, Lord Strange, Mr.

Burt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fuller,

Sir George Pocock, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Sir George Warren, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Willoughby, M. Price, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Robinson,

Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Murray, Sir William Baker, Mr. Foley, Mr. Doiodefwell,

Mr. Hari-is, Lord Midleton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Blackstone, Colonel Barre, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Fox Mr.

5 M Whately,

27° — 28°

Private

Business.

Gresham

Inclosure.

Earl of Sandwich (and others) Qualification BUI.

Clifton

Inclosure*

4h

Whately, M r. barker, Sit Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hunter, Lord Harry Mr.

Pye, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Cajwail, Mr.

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Martin, Mr. WilbraBootle, Mr. Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. I.ord

Mr. Laurence, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Grant, Lord &rownlow Bertie, Mr. Ofum Lord Thomond, Mr. Campbell, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Lord John Sir Roger Neiodigate, Lord Clive, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Lord North, Mr-Grenville, Lord George Sackville, Sir

Richard Glyn, Lord Mayor of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall find it convenient; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House of the 4th Day of December 1761, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That no private Business be entered upon any Day in the House after Two of the Clock.

Refelved, That no Motion be made for dispensing in any same with the Observance of the said Resolution, unless Leave he given by the House, upon the preceding Day, for making such Motion.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Januarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III"* Regis, 17(33,

Prayers.

SIR Edward Bayntun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greclham, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Robert Nugent, Esquire, and Richard Rigby, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures, situate and being in Bootham, in the Suburbs of the City of York, and in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, or either of them; and also for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; and for giving adequate Compensations in lieu thereof, toall the Parties having Right to such Average and Stray, respectively; and for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Moor; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

A. 17

X

D

Resolved, 1 hut the Bill \jt* comtoiftcvl to Mr. Rnbinjim, "

Mr. Of bald eston , Si r George Su vileNl r. Pa rl ct\M r. Dmvdvj~ tvell, Mr' Maxchcy, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Serjeant. ll< u ///

Lord GeorgeCavendi/k,\l r. haem, M r. Willies, M r. Hilda,

Mr, DeGrcy, Mr. Townshend, S.t Roger Newd/gute, Mr. Shuttleicorlh, Lord George Cavern/ish, Mr. Sh {finer, Mr.

Onjlozc, Mr. Jackson, Sir Charles Mania uni, Mr. halier\

Sir If 7ilia m lie a uch a mp Proctor, Mr. Pye, \lr, Wliitivor/h,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. U edderhurn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Morten, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Harris, Mr. Harrell $ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lcn-caster, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A L5.1I for enabling Ann Barbara Hilt McdirCcft to Hill’s take the Surname and Anns of Meulcoit, pifriiiant to the Will ot Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, decor.fed, was read a Second firae.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Serjeant Hezcilt, Mujackfon, Mr. DeGreV^ Air. Parker, Mr. OJbaldefton^\v, KynaJlGn,\h\DcxcdeJieellN^HeiiiitN\v George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Grunt, Mr. Saved!, Mr. Clive, Mr. Scott, Mr. Lovett,

Air. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bidler, M r. G nfvenor,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Ed; an I lYinningtonMr. Pye, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Plump!re, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. 71

Mr. Wynne JS\.\\ Bridgemanf>\xJohn GlyrMc,'s\v.Lowndes,

Mr. Waller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, atui Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there* Scarbrrraeh unto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to put Hartxur. in execution Two Acts, One made in the Fifth, and the other in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majeliv King George the Second, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of was jM'efented to lie House, and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act of the Fifth Year of his said lute Majesty, certain Duties were granted for the Terms in the said Act mentioned, to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of Scarborough, for the Purpose of enlarging and improving the said Harbour, and keeping the same in Repair; and that, by the said Act of the 25th Year of his said Majesty, the Powers granted by the former Act to the said Bailiffs and Burgesses, were veiled in Commissioners, and the said former Act was likewise thereby explained and made more effectual; and alleging, that, in consequence of the said Acts, the said Harbour has been much enlarged, and otherways greatly improved, to the very great Advantage and Security of Trade; but tlu; said new Works are not yet near completed; and that the keeping the said Harbour in sufficient Repair, and finishing the said new Works, is and will be attended with an annual large Expence; and that, as several material Works are frequently nccissary to be done, in order to continue the said Harbour commodious, t he Petitioners apprehend the same cannot be done, and the said Harbour kept in good and eonstant Repair for the future, unless the said Duties are further continued, and the said Acts in other Respects made more effectual:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lufnc, as it

shall a

;>pear to them, to the Iloule:

And it is referred to Mr. Ojbaldeston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. llennikerMr. Wynne, Mr. Ful-

ler, Mr. Grant, Mr. ShutlleicoMr. Ward, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Eduard WinninMr, Parker, Sir George Pocock, Mr. 7'rifle, Mr. Coventry, Mr. t,

Mr.

3 Geo. III.

Mr. Lane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Serjeant Jlezcitt, Mr. Doicde/zveil, Mr. M Lord John Cavendish,

M r. Townshend, Lord George r.

Rigbv-, and all Hie Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

D’Orville A Bill for naturalizing John D'Orville and and Wiegandwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maxchey, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Ofbaldefton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bidler, Sir Joint Gibbons, Mr. Jhend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Coven/ry, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Piyfe, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Mr. Evelyn, Mr Bacon, M Mr. Burrell, Lord

Cansfort, Mr. Prrfcott, Mr. Mr. Harris, Sir

George Warren, Mr. Alderman Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Waller, Sir C Mr. Whitworth, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cttjl, Mr. Wedderburn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sudcoitrs A Petition of the Mayor and Bnrgefles of the Town li.dofure. of Kingston upon Hull, Charles Pool, Esquire, Edmund Popple, Merchant, Robert

ley. Gentleman, and BenjaminBlaydcs, Merchant, on the behalf of themselves, and others, being Owners of, or otherwise interested in, several Pieces or Parcels of Ground, in Sudcoates, in the Parish of Dry Pool, in the County of York, formerly lying intermixed, and known and distinguished by the Names of The West Field, The Eqd Field, and South Ings, but lately divided and inclosed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of an Agreement between the several Persons interested in the said Parcels of Grounds, the same have been allotted amongst the feve* ral Proprietors, by Commissioners appointed for that Purpose-, and that the Yearly Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence an Acre, for all the said Grounds, was directed by the said Commissioners to be paid by the several Owners thereof to the said Charles Pool, Owner of the great and small Tythes, and his Heirs, as a Compensation for his said Tythes; that all the Proprietors, and Persons interested, have acquiesced in the said Division and Inclosure, and paid their respective Tythe Rents, and have held and enjoyed their several Allotments without Interruption; but, by reason of the Infancy and other Incapacities of some of the said Owners in the said Grounds, at the Time of the making the said Inclosures, and such Incapacities Hill continuing, proper Deeds and Conveyances could not, nor can now, be executed by the several Parties, in order to perfect the said Inclosure; by means whereof, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Inclosure maj' hereafter be broke into, unless established and confirmed by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill to perfect, confirm, and establish the said Inclosure, Division, and Allotments, and the Payment of the said yearly Tythe Rent, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. O/baldefand Mr. Shut/lexcorth, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rir^j A Petition of the.i ufiicesof the Peace, Clergy, Gentle-

Kend.,il, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the

Road. Town of Kir kby Kendall, UhcrJtone, Dal/on, Broughton paid

several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of Wefntoi eland and/.m/cr//tVr,whoseNames are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting VoL. 29.

4*5

forth, That the Road leading from fCirkoy Kendall, through Crofflhuaite, and over Boivland Bridge, in the County of /Veflmorelaml-, and from thence, over Fell, to Newby Bridge-, and from thence, over harth Brew, to the Market Town of Booth, and over Penny Bridge, by Greenodd, and from thence, on the Ealt Side ol'Arrad, to Utcer/lone; from thence, through

Lindal, by Tileup, up to Kirkby Ireall in the County

Palatine of Lancaster-, is impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers; and cannot, by theordinary Course provided by Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, and keeping in Repair* the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ftaH appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Slintlle Mr Bacon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. De Grey, Mr. Robht/on, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fuller,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bitller, Mr. WilMr. Burrell, Mr. Clive, Mr Reynolds, Mr. Wynne, Mr..SVa? -kex/, Mr. Datner,\lr.Houblon, Lon\Orxvell, KlT Mr. Waller, M r. Maze bey. Sir Roger Mr.

Pryji, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ruj Mr. Gray, Mr. Knight, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hands, Lord Luxbo-

rough-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, WeJimoreland, CumberlandpA\dCheJler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fetid for Persons, Paper;-, and Records.

A Petition of the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford, Cuke of the Moll Honourable Francis Ihijfel, Esquire, commonly Bedford's calledMarquisofTaviJlcck, William Spry, Robert Bulchcr, 3fta-n5 William Rowe, John Condy, Roger Lang, Henry Manna- avi K ' ton, Thomas Butcher, John Jago, John Rowe, Nathaniel Beard, Richard Vivian WiUesford, Richard,

and Tlwmas Lang, Feoffees of the Lands commonly called the Parish Lands of Tavistock; and of John Bray and William Gill, Churchwardens of the said Parish of Tavistock; in the County of Devon; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Feofees, by virtue of several Indentures, bearing Date the Second Day of September 1761, stand seised and pofliefled, together with Walter Sndlaber, who de-fires to decline and be released from the Trull of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in Trull; moll of which Premises having been a long Time ago given to charitable Purposes, the Uses to which some of them were given are not now known, and other Part of such Premises were given for such Purposes within the said Parish as are mentioned in the Petition; and alleging, that Part of the said Trull Estates, consisting of Houses, are greatly out of Repair; and if the same were to be put in Repair at the Expence of the Trust, great Part of the Profits of the Trull Eliate mull, for a considerable Time, be expended in such Repairs; and that the Petitioner, the Duke of Bedford, desirous of establishing a more certain and beneficial Fund for the Benefit of the said Parish of Tavistock, and for the Poor thereof, has agreed with the Petitioners, the other Feoffees and Churchwardens, to grant an Annuity, or yearly Rent-charge, of One hundred and Twenty Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, to be iftuable out of, and charged upon certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Inheritance of him, the said Duke, for ever; provided that the said Trust Estates, except a Dwelling House, Garden, and Orchard, in Ford,

in the said Parish of Tavistock, late in the Occupation of Richard Rowe, and a Dwelling House and Plot of Ground adjoining thereto, in the several Occupations of John Gendal and Nicholas Hyne, intended to be converted into Alms-houses, and the Mandlin, or Lazar-houJ'e, Maudlin

28° Januarii.

Evcnwood

Inclosure

Stourbridge

Roads.

416 28 0 Januarii. 1763.

Hit Chapel.and Chapel Ilaij, intended to be converted

into a Workhouse, be vested in him, the said Duke of Bedford, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for his and their own Use and Benefit, discharged of the several Trulls attending the fame; and that such yearly Rent-charge M ill yield a larger and more certain Income than all the said Trull Estates; and that the Petitioners, the other Feoffees and Churchwardens, are sensible that it will be greatly for the Benefit of the Trull, that the said Trull Estates should be conveyed to the said Duke, in Consideration of the Grant of such yearly Rent* charge; and that it is proposed by the Petitioners, if such Exchange should take Effect, that the said yearly Rent-charge should be applied to the following Uses and Purposes; that is to say; To the Payment of the annual Sum of f. 4. 4.?. to the School mailer of the Free Latin School; of £.50 for the building, and keeping in Repair, Alms-houses for Fifteen poor Persons, and Maintenance of the said Persons.; of £.30 to be distributed amongst Sixty other poor Persons; of £.20 for the Marriage of Four poor Maidens; of Sixteen Shillings to be distributed in Bibles; and of£.15 for placing out Two poor Boys Apprentices; which the Petitioners conceive will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Parish of Tavistock; and that the Poor of the said Parish will, by Means thereof, receive much greater Benefit than has hitherto arisen to them from the said Trull Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rigby and Mr. Alderman Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shaftoe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre-leot Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned, to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor, or Common: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trullees appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the Second Year of the Reign of ' His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market-Hou fe, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradle and from Pedmore to Holly Hall; and from Colly Gate to; and from

the Turnpike RoadonDwrf/ey Wood to Green, in

the Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane to

the Bell Inn at Nortlffield; in the Counties of Worcester,

Stafford, and Salop; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; mid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared. That the Trullees thereby appointed are rellrained from erecting any Turnpike or Gate on any Part of the Road on Blake Heath or Penfnet Common, or at any Place between

Blake Heath and Penfnet Common.

And Joseph Rowe said, That, by reason of the said Rellriftion in the said Act, no Turnpike can be erected on the FrankleyDiftrift of Roads, where the Tolls to

be received at such Gate will pay the Expence of collecting; and the Witness said, it is necessary to amend

the said Act in relation to the Statute Work directed to be done within the said District of Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the " Market-house in Stourbridge, to Gate, in " ley; ai id from Pedmore to Holly; and from Colly G ate

" to Ilaleflowen; and from the Turnpike Road on

" ley Wood to llcdnal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter s Lane to the Bell Inn at "feld; in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and " lop;’ as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green; and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at NorthfieldAnd that Mr. Ward and Mr. Dowdejivell do prepare, and bring in, the fame

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bemud and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fy field, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called the Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Neu which

Hands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords havepaffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanael Neal, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for making the same more effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would be grar cioully pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, in Obedience to the Commands of this House of the 2d Day of December last, signified to Sir George Pocock, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, their Thanks for the many important Services performed by him during the Course of this War, and particularly in the glorious Expedition against the: And that

he had received the following Answer;

Whitehall, 25 th Mr. Speaker, 1763.

I have received the Honour of your Letter, dated the 2d of December last, inclosing the Resolution of the House of Commons of the same Date, to give me the Thanks of the House for the many important Services performed by me during the Course of this War, and particularly in the glorious Expedition against the Ilavannah: Upon this Occasion, Sir, I cannot sufficiently express my Thanks for the great Honour the House have conferred on me, in taking Notice of the Services I have been so happy to render mv King and Country during the Course of the War against France and Spain.

I am extremely sensible of this distinguished Mark of their Approbation of iny Condnft, which gives me the

i greatest

1

1

'.s

s

FvfieM

Road.

Nfal’i

Marriage

Settlement.

Answer to

Addrtfs

f»r

Estimate.

Committee of;

Privileges.

Sir George Pocock’» Answer j

to,

Vote of 1

Thanki.

1

3 Geo. III. 28° Januarii. 417

greatest Satisfaction, and will ever remain imprest on my Mind.

Permit me, Sir, to return you my sincere Thanks for the very obliging Manner you have signified to me the Sentiments of the House of Commons.

1 have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect, Sir,

Your most obedient.

And most humble Servant,

G. Pocock.

Rt. Honourable Sir John Baronet, Speaker.

Tk*nb Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in obe-MUita dience to the Commands of this House of the 9th Day Officen. December last, he had, by Letter to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of each respective Corps of Militia which are embodied, signified the Thanks of this House to the Officers of the said Corps, for the feasonable and meritorious Service they have done their Country j and that he had received Answers by Letters

from most of the said Colonels, or other Commanding Officers, desiring him to make their grateful Acknowledgments for the great Honour done the Militia, by the Notice which this House has been pleased to take of their Endeavours to serve their King and Country.

Mr. Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 31st December 1762.

Mr. Grenville also, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1763.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The first of the said Estimates is as followeth; and the other is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth j viz.

5*

Navy

Estimate*

2 8° Januarii.

d. 1763.

Navy-Office,) An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men 17th January 1763. J tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1762.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the

Service thereof..... - 1

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Transports and 'renders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out, on the aforesaid 31st December 1762; as also to

several Bills of Exchange....

To His Majesty’$ several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an F.liablHhment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Particular*. £ f‘

>767>576 12

19,824 8

793>893 M

426,3x2 —

26,787 5

d.

Total.

I-

11

8

7

3

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, Sc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1762 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in course, for SlopCIothes, Bedding for Seamen, SurgeonsNeceffaries, Free Gifts, Sc....

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1762 - For necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies.

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen, set on shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office

877,709 14 — 2,231,812-----

H3>776 1 2

18,011 — 9

1,174,138 17 6

46,275 10 2

23,411 7 10

67,484 13 —

3.034,394

3,223,297

I>329,32*

113,628

s. d.

1 5

*5

9 3

15 5

The Total amounts to the Sum of Seven million Seven hundred thousand Six hundred Forty-two Pounds One Shilling and Three

Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies -The Debt will then be Five million Nine hundred Twenty-nine thousand One hundred Twenty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny -N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports, between the ill January 1762 and 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the 1 ft January 1762 and 31 ft following, amounts to-----

503,616 15 3

1,267,900 10 10

734,o64 3 7

129,908 3 1

For which Sum of £.863,972. 6s. 8 no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be, Five million Sixty-five thousand One hundred Fifty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny -

7,700,642 1 3

,»77I*5I7 6

5,929,124 15 ijr

863,972 6 8

5,065,152 8 5

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, E. Ma/on, T. Brett, R. Temple, J. Bentley.

/. 7 Memorandum:

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr -

o

o

o

oo

O

r

r*

to

Memorandum: There was remaining: in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1762, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

o>

o

w

o

in what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right Honw# George) Dodington, Esqr; S lft Treasurership - -)

Right Honu*

Legge, Esqr; - - -j

Right Honble George,) Grenville, Esq'; ill Treasurership -

Right Honb,e George' Dodington, Esqr; ! *d Treasurership - -’

Right HonbI. George Grenville, Esqr; ad Treasurerfh ip -

Right HonMe Wil-,) Ham Lord ViscountJ Barrington - -)

In Money*

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money -

D’ towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money ——

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen

w

in

H

W

if

o

On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transport*.

£. s. d.

3.3^3 5 7i

6,309 15 2

4.037 7 2i

6,736 10

21,586 17 5

Seamen’s Wages.

£. (. d.

1,539 12 io| 80 17 gi

2,632 2 —

55 15 5

2,7" 2 3f

37 i4 3

2,699 3

287 11 9

28,882 6 4

2,673 6 5

45»432 — 41 327,6o4 10 io£ 2°,^77 9 3i

87,465 16 — i

390,081 12 4|

Victuals.

C * d. 47 6 104|

2,087 16 5^|

.1,692 17 9

399

13 5

9,200 6 3

12,64'! 6

3ij

26,069 6 iof

Total.

£. s. d.

5,03* 3

11,085 9

K> OO

o

*,479 1 $4

10,122 x»5i S

S:

64,342 16 6

406,555 6 7

503,616 15 3£

There remained, on the 31st December 1762, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1762, including Hajler and Stonekou/e Hospitals

£ * d.

- 1,267,900 10 10

4*

j —

VO

420

a8° Januarii. 1763

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1763.

N*

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8,

9-

To the Right honourable the 'Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto.....-----

d.

Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 20,432 9 6

Pensions and other Allowances - - - - 7,116711

3,448 — 6 3,142 it 4 2,520 8 8

4,298 14 6

1,813 4 6

3.359 9 6

> Yards.

Chatham

Deptford

Woohdch

Portsmouth

Sheerness

Ph/moulh

10. Muster-master and other Officers of the Out-Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging - -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, He. -

15. Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers -....

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1763 -

To which may be added.

For completing the Works of the Hospital building at Plymouth

And to the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1763, Ten

thousand Pounds -

£ s. d.

36,093 4 1

a7»548 17 5

18,582 9 —

5,370 6 11

47,020 17 4

20,181 9 2

33,913-----

91.951-----

95,000-----

380,661 3 n

3,000-----

10,000-----

393,661 3 11

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1763, amounts to Three hundred Ninety-three thousand Six hundred Sixty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence.

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, E. Mason, T. R. Temple, J. Bentley.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of fe-Land Tax.’ veral of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Pefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday the »2d Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do adjourn till Monday next. One of the Clock in the Afternoon j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas IThe Lord 1 ellers for the 1 eas,| Mr Mazobey:

Tellers for the Noes $Sir 1 eners for the woes, j Mf:

So it passed in the Negative.

37-

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Adjoomacft.

j

3 Geo. III. i

421

Mart is, i° die

Anno 3* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1762.

Prayers.

Earl of

Sandwich (and others) Qualification Bill.

Greetham

Inclosure.

Kijhtingalc$>

LV &c-

Road.

A BILL to enable John F.avl of Sandwich,

gent, Esquire, and Richard Right/, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer

and Receiver General, and Paymaster Ge neral, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify' themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Lord Strange, Mr. Parker, Lord Bertie, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr; Pye, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Starkey, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Pennant, Sir Reheard BayMr. Sir

Reger Neicdigate, Mr. Pozcell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bailer,

Sir Jar r if Smith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Colonel Irwin, M r. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr Mr. WHJbn, Mr. Jackj'on, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rnjhout, Sir

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Price, Mr. Caff, Mr. Burt , Mr. Burrell, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Fox:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ed:card Bayntnn, Mr. Shafioe, Sir Roger Neicdigate, Mr. Jack-

Jim, Mr. Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Mr.

Shiffner, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Ilayes, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mr. Chel-

ny nd, Mr. Townshend, Sir EMr. Pye, Sir George Warren, Mr. Finch, Lord Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pennant, Lord 0 Bertie,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr.

mtmdeley, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Shutllezcortli, Lord Mr. Hen

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hczcard, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Hume, Lord Parker, Mr. Jeff ryes, Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thynne, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Pry/c, S\vEdmund

I/ham, Kir. Blackstone, Lord Mr.

Mr. Alderman Die kinson, M r. M r. Butler, M r.

Rriidcnrll, Mr. Fane, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Warren reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose N ames are thereunto subscribed, being principal Land-owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, residing in or near the Borough of and the Market

Towns of Chorleyand Rollon, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred. That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Joseph Heigh, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, in the Town of Bolton in the in the County Palal ine of Lais in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places lb narrow' andfuunderous as to he very dangerous for Travellers, and impalfable for Carriages in the Winter Season; and that the same Vofc. 29.

cannot he repaired and widened by the ordinary Course vf Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr.

And both tlu; Witnesses laid, i hat il the said Road Was properly repaired and widened, it would he of great Advantage to that Part of the Country', and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road h orn a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Well End of the Town of Rollon the Moors, in t he Count y Palatine of Lancaster: And that Sir George Warren, the Lord Strange, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. Shutlleinorth, do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

A Bill for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act Evmwcod passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Inclosure. Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or Common, within the Manor of and Clia-

pelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators, therein named, to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor, or Common, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shafioe,

Mr. Butler, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Sir George

Warren, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Rennet Garrard, Mr. Norris,

Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hou-blon, Sir Edward Bayntnn, Mr. ToMr. Chaplin,

Mr. Fuller,.Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Pye, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Touchet, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Pennant, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Montgomery,

Mr. Cujl, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Fane, Lord borough. Sir Roger Newdigate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanae Gentleman, and

Elizabeth his Wife, and for making the same more effectual for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Neal’s

Mariiage

Settlement.

Mr. Shultlezcorthreported from the Committee, to Kirkby-

whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy',

Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants Road, of the Towns of Kirk by Kendall, Dalton,

Broughton, and several other Towns and Places in the several Counties of West morelandand Lancaster, whose

Names are there to luhlcribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Colonel George Wiljbnand Mr. Allen Chambers severally said. That the Road from Kirkby Kendall, through Crojlhwuite, and over Bouland Bridge, in the County of

Westmoreland, over Cart well Fell to Newby Bridge; and from thence over Eelingharth Brow, to tlx* Market Tow'll of Booth and over Penny Bridge by Greenodd, a . finall SeaPort; and from thence on the Eait Side of Arrad to Ulverstone;and from thence through

by Tile, up to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster; is, by uealon of the Softness and Rottenness of the Soil in l’ome Places, and very great. Rocks.that block up, llraiten, and confine the Road in others, impassable for Carriages, and dangerous for loaded.

5 O Horses

Jarsflaple

Roadi.

422

Horses and Travellers to pass; that that Part of the Country is considerable for its Extent and Commerce, and has no other Communication for Carriages but cross the Sands, which are often impassable, and always dangerous; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, through , and over

Boivland Bridge, in the county of ; and

over Cartmell Fell to Newby Bridge; and over

Broiv to the Town of Booth; and over Penny Bridge, by Greenodd, and on the East Side of A trad, to Ulver-Jione; and from thence through Lindal, by up to Kirkby Ireleth: And that Mr. Sir George

Warren, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the Town of Barnfaple, in the County of Devon, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and usually travelling the several Roads therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads from the said Town, through the several Parishes of Tawton,

Landkey, and Swinbridge, to the Hill; and also

from the said Town through the several Parishes of Bishops Tawton, Landkey, Sivinbridge, Chil/lehampton, Warkley, and Clmmleigh, to Beacon, otherwise Biclon

Moor; and also from the said Town through the several Parishes of Bishops Tawton, Taivstock, High

Bickington, Burrington, and Aish lleigney, to Bridges and from thence through the Parish of Chulm-leigh, to the Town of Chulmleigh, in the said County; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Taivjlock, Newton, Fremington, Alverdifcot, Hantjhaw, Torring-

ton commonly called Great Little Torring-

ton, Peters Marland, Petrockjlow, otherwise Padjlow,

Meath, Hatherleigh, Jacobjtow, and Inioardleigh, to a Place called Folia:,in the said Parish of Ijiwardleigh; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple through the several Parishes of Taxcjlock, Fremington, Wejileigh, and Bideford, to the Town of Bideford, in the said County; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Bideford through the several Parishes of Bideford, Ware, Giffard, Huntjhaw, and Torrington, to the Town of Torrington, in the said County; are in many Parts very narrow, incommodious, and ruinous, and cannot be widened, effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bidler, Mr. Pye, Sir Boger Newdigate, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fuller', Sir George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Sir William Beauchamp Problor, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Brewitlow Bertie, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Clive, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Norris, Mr. OJbaldefon, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Glover, Mr. Byde, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Harcourt Powell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A. 1763.

Sir William Beauchamp reported from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution Two A els, One palfed in the First, and the other in the Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Read from the Powder Mills, on IlounfowHeath, in the County of to a

Place called Bq/ingsione, near the Town of Bagshot, in

the Parish of Windle/ham, in the County of Surrey, was

referred; That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the said Acts were read; and Mr. James Turner, Clerk to the Trustees, produced the Account Book belonging to the Trull, whereby it appeared, that there is owing on the Credit of the said Acts 2,700.

And it also appeared, That the present annual Disbursements of the Trustees are nearly equal to the Money received upon the said Road, by virtue of the said Acts.

And Mr. Richard Boivden, Surveyor of the said Road, said, That such Part of the Road as lies between Egham Hill and the Golden Farmer, on Bagshot Heath, is in a very ruinous Condition, and that it is absolutely liecessary to erect Nine or Ten Arches, or Bridges, upon that Part of the Road, all which will require a veiy considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be raised without an Increase of Toll.

And the Witness further said. That the Acts are defective in several respects; and unless the same are amended, and the Terms and Powers of the said Acts enlarged, the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGtwge the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounjlozo Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingslone, near the Town of P.agjhot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis P'incent, Mr. Cooke, and Mr. John Pill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of the Town of Nezvcq/tleupon Tyne, in Common Council affenibled, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Price of all Sorts of Corn and Grain in the Markets of the said Town, and the Counties adjoining, is now very high, and ft ill advancing, and that if (as the Petitioners are informed) large Quantities of Corn be suffered to be exported from this Kingdom, the Price will be still more enhanced, and the poor Labourers and Manufacturers Reduced to the greatest Diffrel's: And therefore praying the House to take the Premisesinto Consideration, and to apply such Remedies for the Prevention of such a Grievance, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, in Obedience to the Commands of this House, of the 3d Day of December lad, signified to the Marquis of Granby their Thanks for the great and important Services he has performed to his King and Country, during the several Campaigns in which he has commanded the British Troops in Germany; and that he had received the following Answer.

SIR,

i* FebruariL

Hounflov

to

Basingstone

Road.

‘a

a

*9

High I Price of Corn, f &c.

Marquis of Granby’s Answer , to Vote of Thanks, 3

J

3 Geo. III. ia

S I R, January izth, 1763.

The Honour of your Letter, of the Third of lall Month, was not delivered to me till a few Daysfince; the Physicians who attended me in my Illness having forbid any Letters being given to me, in the Situation my Health then was: This, I hope, will plead my Excuse for your not having received an immediate Answer.

Though I cannot. Sir, be vain enough to think any Services I may have done my Country, can have merited so high a Reward as the Thanks of the Honourable House, yet it was with the utmost Satisfaction I reseived them.

I shall beg to look upon them as a Mark of their Ap-

frobation of my Conduct; arising, I hope, from their erfualion of my having always zealously promoted the Service, in which His Majesty has done me the Honour to employ me, and of my having constantly endeavoured, to the best of my Abilities, punctually to execute the wife and able Orders I received.

I mult beg, Sir, that you will, when proper, return the House my moil sincere, and grateful Thanks for this great Honour conferred upon me, which I shall always, with the utmost Gratitude, remember: The belt Return I can make, will be a perpetual Attention to the Interests of my King and Country.

Give me leave. Sir, at the same Time, to return you my particular Thanks for the obliging Manner in which you communicated to me this high Honour; and believe me to be, with the greatest Regard and Respect,

Sir, your most obedient

Humble Servant,

Granby.

Right Honourable Sir John Baronet, Speaker of the honourable House of Commons.

Mwine Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to

Force*. Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s

Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Motion The House was moved, That a Clause in an Act, respecting the made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles 30th Jan. the Second, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murther of His late sacred Majesty King Charles the First, might be read. And the same was read accordingly.

And-a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as di-rests the keeping the 30th Dav of January as a Fall;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Resolutions of the House of the 4th Day of December 1761.

And the said Resolutions were read.

Resolved, That upon every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, private Business may be entered upon in the House after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfonhare Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be givert to the Reverend Dr. Bray, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, WeJIminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Jenkinson and Sir Roger Newdi-

gate do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the 31st of December 1761, and 31st of D 1762, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mullered in the said Service.

Mr. Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ill October and 31st December 1761; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land. Forces within the said Time: And also,

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service between the ill January and 3ill December 1762; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Laud Forces within the said Time.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Private

Bufineif.

Dr. Bny thanked.

Account Seamen.

Accounts; Transport Service.

1

so

OL. 2Q.

A2 4

i° Februarii.

A. 1763.

Navy Office, 28th 1763.

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift October and the 31st December 1761; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time; prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th January 1763.

Nature of the Charges.

Freight of Transports.....-

Ilav, Oats, and other Necessaries - -

Boat-hire, and other contingent Expences, on embarking and debarking the Troops Pilotage of the Transports -

Salaries to Purveyors and Agents ——

Sum.

Total Naval Part

Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time

Total Naval and Victualling -

The whole amounting to the Sum of Two hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence.

S, d.

143,096 14 4

1,498 15 0

- 300 0 0

88 9 6

386 8 0

- Mj>37° 6 IO

66,910 18 I

- 212,281 4 I I

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. E. Mason.T. Brelt. Osborn. R. Temple.

Navy Office, 28th January 1763.

An Account of the Charge for Transport Service, between the ift January and 31st December 1762; including the Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time; prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th January 1763.

Nature of the Charges,

Sum.

Freight of Transports -

Expence of building Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences on board them, and for fiirnidiing them with Hammaccoes and other Stores, together with the Expence of surveying and measuring them -

May, Oats, and other Necessaries -

Bedding for the Use of the Soldiers -

Boat-hire, and other contingent Expences, on embarking and debarking the Troops Pilotage of the Transports ——

Salaries to Purveyors and Agent9 -

Total Naval Part

Expence of victualling His Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time

Total Naval and Victualling

s. d.

699,047 4 9

9*744 4 9

10,077 11

9,828 5 2

3»J32 i3 3

142 18 3

2,091 1 6

734,064 3 7

129,908 3 1

863,972 6 8

The whole amounting to the Sum of Eight hundred and Sixty-three thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence.

G. Cokburne. Tho. Slade. E. Mason. T. Brett. R. Osborn. R. Temple.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perul’ed by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 Geo. III. 2° Febma, 425

Mercurii, 2* dfo Februarii j

0 Anno 3* Georgii III"' Regis, 1763.

Pea yees.

Wofford A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and

ludofure. Jt\.Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Common Grounds, and Walie Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord fort, Mr. Waller, Mr. C, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Mawbey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Dr ax, Mr.

blon, Lord Orwell, Mr. Pennant, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Norris, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Lord Greville

Montagu, Mr Kynafon, Sir Edmund Mr. Hume,

Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Holt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Fuller, Sir Ed-

ward Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, and

Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fymwyflEr A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to fcc* put in execution an Act made in the 18th Year of the K°ad. Jfteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenfanton and Cambridge, to the ffrft Rubbing

House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of

bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls and Powers are granted for repairing the said Road, and great Progress has been made therein; and for that Purpose the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act; and alleging. That although the Tolls arising by the said Act, and also the Money so borrowed, have been faithfully applied for the Purposes of the Act, yet the said Road cannot be completed, and kept in sufficient Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers by the said Act granted he continued; and the said Act, in some Respects, made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Butler, Lord Grevile Montagu, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Barrow, Sir Waller Blacket, Mr. Hottblon, Mr.

Mr. Kynafon, Lord OrzCell, Mr. Byde, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Jennings, Lord Howe, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cooke, M r. Alderman Dick info n, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Blackfone, Lord Thomond, Mr. Holt, Lord Harry Poivlett, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Darner, Mr. Buller, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Hertford, Fffex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Redlen’i An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacob Reeffen was N»t. rea(} the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reeffen.

Ordered, That Mr. Lozvndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scropton A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Scropton,

Inclosure. in the County of Derby, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes; and also of the Tythes of Wool and Lamb, Vox.. 2().

within the Manor of Scropton n fore said; and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Freeholders and Occupiers of Lands wit bin the said Manor and Parish; w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish are several Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows; and also several Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Meadows lie for the moil Part intermixed and dispersed, and therefore cannot be managed to the belt Advantage; and the said Commons and Waste Grounds are overrun with Heath and Gorse, and yield little or no Profit; and alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage if (he said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds were inclosed and divided amongst the several Persons having Interests therein, according to their respective Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Pra\rer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, the Lord Carysfort, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Sir Henry and Mr. Fitzher-

bert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, within the Tower Divi-

fion, and County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are become very numerous; and the Cliarge and Expence of their necessary Support is lb considerable, that the annual Rates for their necessary Relief amount to £.1,300 and upwards, one Year with another; and that many hundred Houses within the said Parish are taken on Lease by a few People, who chiefly let them out into Lodgings, or separate Apartments, to Journeymen Weavers and others, which divided Houses do not pay any thing towards the Poors Rates; and the Petitioners have not Power to compel the Landlords or Leaseholders of such divided Houses to pay the Rates.; and alleging, that the Want of a proper Place to maintain their Poor in, with sufficient Powers to compel such of them as are able to work, and to provide a more comfortable Support for such of them as are aged and infirm, is another Caufie why the said Rates are increasing; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if they had Power to erect a Workhouse, or Work-houses, and to pnrehafe Land for that Purpose, or to purchase or hire any Houses, Messuages, or Tenements, and to convert 1 he same into a Workhouse, or Work-houses, and to furnish and regulate the fame, for the better maintaining, employing, and governing the Poor therein; and were enabled to borrow Monies for that Purpose, and to make Rates for the Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor, and for securing the Repayment, and the Principal and Interest of the Monies so borrowed, and were also enabled to charge the several Landlords and Leaseholders (who so divide their said Houses) with the Payment of such Rates, it would be a Means not only of the Inhabitants of the Parish being more equally taxed, but also of lowering the said Rates, and tend greatly to the Benefit of the Parish, and the Health, Welfare, and Preservation of their Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above Hated; or to grant the Petitioners such Relief) as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Byde, Mr Caj-zvall, Mr. Jackson, Mr. GrosvenMr. Hume, Sir Jar-

rit Smith, Mr. Bidler, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

5 P j Mr.

Bethral

Grrcrn

Poor.

2* Februarii.

4 26

Mr. Burrell, Sk George Colebrooke, Mr. Mr.

Child, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Eger/oVj, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cholmoudeley, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ki/najfon, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sir John Morgan, Mr. Staunton, Lord George Mr. Joi-

nings, Lord Orxoell, Mr. Pye, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gray, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. GaJ’coyne, Lord Filliers, Mr. Clive, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr.

fittart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford and for the

City of London; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcarnrtaple Mr. Bullet reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. ihe Petition of several Gentlemen, Inhabitants of the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and usually travelling the several Roads therein after mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Daniel Box, and Mr. John Smith, said, That the Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishops Tawfon, and Swimbridge,

to a certain Place called Kefcott Hill, from w hence the SouthmoltonTurnpike Road leads, to the Town of Southmolton, in the said County of Devon; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishops Tawton, Landkey, Swim-bridge, Chittlehampton, Wand Chulmleigh, to a

certain Moor or Common in the said Parish of Chulm-leigh, called Beacon otherwise Biclon from whence

the Southmolton Turnpike and Poll Road leads to the City of Exeter-, and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Bishops Tawton, Taivjlock, AtheBickington,

Burlington, and Aish Reigncy, to a certain Place called Handsford Bridge; and from thence, through the Parish of Chulmleigh, to the Town of Chulmleigh, in the said County of Devon; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tawjlock, Neivlon, Fremingfon, Alverdifcot, Huntjhaw, Torrington commonly called Great Torrington, Little Torrington, Peters Marland, Petrockjlow, otherwisePad-Jlow, Meath, Hatherleigh, JacobJlow, and Inwardleigh, to a certain Place called Folley, in the said Parish of Inwardleigh, from whence the OakhamptonTumpike Road leads towards the Towns of Oakhampton and Plymouth, in the said County of Devon; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Barnstaple, through the several Parishes of Tawjlock, Fremington, Westleigh, and Bideford, to the Town of Bideford, in the said County of Devon; and also the Roads leading from the said Town of Bideford, through the several Parishes of Bideford, Ware, Giffard, Huntjhaw, and Torrington, to the Town of Torrington, in the said County of Devon-, are in a

ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping iu Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Buller, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Clevland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

H*lkin A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Mountiin others, Land-owners, and Inhabitants of the several

Road. Parishes of Holywell, Halkin, Sciving, Kilken, and Nan-nerch, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the direct Road

A. 1763.

from the several Parishes of Halkin, Sciving, Kilken, Nan-nerch, and Part of the Upper Grounds of Holywell Parish, beginning at a Place on Halkin Mountain, ad-° joining to the House of Thomas Hughes, Esquire, and leading to Bagillt and Couvjillt, is very narrow, and incommodious, and in many Parts thereof ruinous and dangerous; whereas a Road leading from Halkin Mountain aforesaid, to the Smelting Works and Collieries at Bagillt and Counjillt, much more beneficial to the Petitioners in particular, and the Public in general, may be made, by repairing Part of the Road now in being, and by opening a Communication in other Parts from Halkin Mountain aforesaid, to the said Smelting Works and Collieries: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the opening a Communication, and effectual repairing the Roads from the House of Thomas Hughes, Esquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain aforesaid, to Farm, and across the old Poll Road in Counjillt Vechan, to a House at Nanty Mock, in Bagillt aforesaid, in the holding in such Manner as the House shall think moll proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Parker, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hume, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mawbey,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Howe, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Boo-

tle, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Orwell, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Darner, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Archer, Sir George Warren, Mr. Cooke,

Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onjloiv; and all the Members w ho serve for North Wales, and for the County of Chester: And theyare to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Warren presented to the House, according Nightingalei, to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c. from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken of the Orders made by the House silver Plate upon the 18th Day of May last, in the last Session of and Parliament, for the several Accounts therein mentioned Carnage to be prepared, in order to be laid before the House in uues‘ this present Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Alphabetical List of the Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the 5th of July 1762, shall have given Notice of, and paid Duty for, any Quantity of Silver Plate, at the several Excise Offices in Great Britain, from the 5th of July 1756, to the 5th of July 1762-, distinguishing what Quantity each Person, Body Politic or Corporate, has given Notice of in each Year respectively; and what Duty has been paid for the same. 1

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Alphabetical List of the Persons w’ho, on the 5th of July 1762, shall have given Notice of, and paid Duty for. Coaches or other Carriages, at the several Offices of Excise in Great Britain, from the 5th of April 1756, (at which Time the former Account

laid before this House ended) to the 5th of July 1762; distinguishing the Carriages each Person has given Notice of in each Year respectively; and the Duty paid ferthe fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Stevenson (One Carriage of the Accomptants General to the Commissioners of Djy. Excise) attended at the Door; he w as called in; and, at

the

3 Geo. III.

2° — 30 Februarii.

427

the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " An Alphabetical List of the " Persons who have given Notice of, and paid Duty ' " for, Coaches and other Carriages, at the several Offices of Excise in Great Britain, from tlje 5th of " April 1756, (at which Time the former Account laid before this House ended) to the 5th of July 1762;

" distinguishing the Carriages each Person has given " Notice of in each Year respectively; and the Duty " paid for the lame."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, tobeperufed by the Members of the I louse.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Siher Plate The House being informed that Mr. (one

Duty, of the Accomptants General to the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " An Alphabetical List of the " Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who have given " Notice of, and paid Duty for, any Quantity of Silver " Plate, at the several Excise Offices in Great " from the 5th July 1756, to the 5th July 17(12; distinguishingwhat Quantity each Person, Body Politic or " Corporate, has given Notice of in each Year respectively; and what Duty has been paid for the same."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelt into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 31st 1762, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pechell:

Vol. 29.

Way* and Mean*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Abm-brothoek for continuing an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of ^"w°c^nie* his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies , or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the; Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof, without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee

of

Privilege*.

yovts, 3° dieFebruarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

Praters.

VA MUEL Chollet, John Francis Gabr and

Samuel Grellet, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. OJbaldeston reported from the Committee, to Scarborough

whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Harbour, are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners appointed to put in execution Two Acts, one made in the Fifth, and the other in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. RobeJ't Duesbury, being examined, said. That a Pier has been carried on from the old Pier, about 150 Yards; by which an Addition of Five or Six Foot of Water has been made; and that Ships, drawing 16 Foot Water can now go into the Harbour at Neap Tides:

That another Pier is carried on about 30, or 35 Yards; which is proposed to be extended near 200 Yards; in order to make the Bason larger:

That it is the only useful Harbour between the Humber and Shields, for large Ships: And to complete the Pier now erecting will require at least £.25,000, and an annual Expence of Four or Five hundred Pounds, to keep the whole in Repair:

That some Difficulties have arose in putting the Acts in execution, with respect to punishing Persons committing Annoyances in the Harbour:

That the said Harbour cannot be completed, and kept in sufficient Repair, without a Continuance of the Duties granted by the said Acts; Part of which are near expiring.

Mr. Christopher Salletl confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth and 2 5th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York: And that Mr. OJbaldeston and Mr. Major do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Baker, Esquire, Lord of the Manor gtone

of Stone, in the County of Worcester; and of William inclosure.'

Jervis,

4^8 3 ° Februarii. A. 1763.

Jervis, Cleric, Vicar of the Parish of Stone aforesaid, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Owners of Lands and Tenements lying, and being, within the said Manor, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a Common Heath, or Waste Ground, within the said Manor and Pari ill, called Stove Common, containing about Fourhundred Acres; and that about Sixty Acres thereof conftfts of Boggy Ground; and that the rest of the said Heath is, for the most Part, covered with Gorse and Furze; and the whole is at present of very little Use to the Persons entitled to Right of Common in, and upon the fame; and alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Heath, or Common, should be inclosed, divided, and allotted unto, and amongst the Lord and Vicar aforesaid, and the Owners and Proprietors of Lands arid Tenements entitled to Right of Common thereon, in proportion to their several Shares, Interest, and Property therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; under stich Regulations and Rcstrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. DoudeJ'well, Sir Edward Winning ton, and Mr, Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chollet, A Bill for naturalizing Samuel Chollct, John Francis Nm*" Gabriel Bize, and Samuel was read a SecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to M r. Cufl, Mr.

Prefcot, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calvert,'Sir. Fuller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Afills, Sir Meredith, Mr.

Mellish, Lord Grey, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Major, Lord Advocateof Scotland, Mr. Murray, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Clive, Mr. Jackson, Mr. WedderburnjSIr. Kynaston, Sir Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Grosvenor,

Mr. Starkie, Mr. Webb, Mr. Gray', Sir George Savile, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Wynne, Lord Clive, Mr. Whately, Lord Greville Montagu, Mr. Ojbal-

deston, Mr. Ward: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Mr. Kynajlonreported from the Committee, to whom

Sandwich the Bill to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Robert (and others) gent, Esquire, and Richard Rigby, Esquire, to take, in Bin?n°n Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Making The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the of Breaa; House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and LOian ‘ amending an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, N\w narket a Bill for repairing the Road from bmarket, over 10

Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Fulh;,r:ie Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk:

And the same was received; and read the First Tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Carysfortreported from the Committee, to ceJnvmchester whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed R&c‘ to put in execution an Aftmade in the Eighteenth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fcnflanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing

House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of bridge, was referred. That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Thong, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the Road from Godmanchejlerto Cambridge; and for that Purpose the Sum of £.4,320 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due.

Mr. James Day, being examined, said, That some Part of the Road from Cambridge to the fu ll Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, has been repaired, and that other Parts are Hill in Want of Repair: That the Sum of £.2,160 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which remains due.

And both the Witnesses said. That though the Tolls raised, and Money borrowed, in pursuance of the said Act, have been duly applied; yet the Repair of the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in Repair, nor the Monies borrowed repaid, without a further Continuance of the Term, and the said Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenjtanton and Cambridge, to the full Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge: And that the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Jcnyns, Mr. Edward Montagu,

Lord Charles Grevile Montagu, the Lord Royston, and Mr. Cadogan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Supply-ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty thousand Six hundred Sixty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for completing the Works of the Hospital for lick and wounded Seamen building near Plymouth.

Resolved,

Sup fy*.

3 Geo. Ill: 3° Februarii. 429

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second That a Sum, not exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, he Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-granted to His Majesty upon account, to be applied upon, agreed to by the House. by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hof-

pital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Re- Mr. Grenville (from the Commissioners for executing Estimatej lief of Seamen worn opt, and become degrepid, in the the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain)

Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to within the said Hospital. His Majesty,

Rcjblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Build*

That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to ings. Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, satisfy all the Bills payable in course of the Navy and for the Year 1763.

Victualling Offices, and for Transports, which were And the Title of the said Estimate was read, made out on or before the 3 ill Day of December 1762} The said Estimate is as followeth; viz. amounting to the Sum of Three millions Seventy-five

thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds and Three Pence.

W

OL.

*9-

5«

iff#

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

O

Navy-Office, the zd 1763. 4

An ESTIMATE of what.may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1763; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the

Honourable Houi'e of Commons, dated the 27th of last Month. O

Place where.

Deptford -

Woolwich

Chatham

Portsmouth

Plymouth

River Thames

River Medway Harwich Milford -Hud -Leap

----- r-

Guns.

74

9®

74

71

100 9°

I4

64 64

5°

74

74 70 64

MERC

74

Ships Names.

r/t - -lip - -)

Albion -Monarch New Shij New Ship - -Queen - -

Triumph - -

Canada - New Ship - -ViQory - -London - -Barfieur - -

Ramillies - -New Ship - -Asia -Warwick - -

New Ship - -

Defence - -) ZfctyM - - - j

New Ship - -

Nature of their Repair.

Building

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

Completed.

In hand

( April next -) Septr. 1764 -] (Septr. 1765 -Ordered to be set up after the Albion is launched

Septr. 1765 -

Building In hand

Building - In hand

~ —

September next -Septr. 1764 - -

Novr. 1765 - -

Septr. 1764 - -

March 1765 - -

March 1766 - -

April next - -

Ordered to be set up after the Ramillies is launched - -

Building: : In hand / \

Ordered to be set up on the Slip from whence the )

tannia was launched

-s

Building

in hand

- ]S March next - -

- |( Septr. 1764 r -

Ordered to be set up after the Defence is launched - -

64

74

64

HANTS YARDS.

Russel -Suffolk Invincible August a

Exeter New Ship New Ship New Ship New Ship

— m . m . — — — m

Building - In hand

m J -

August next - -

August next - -May 1764 - -

August next - -

October next August next - -

February 1764 -July 1764 - -

February 1764 -November next -

ABSTRACT.

For the Hulls of Ships - - £.159,484

Rigging and Stores - - 38,393

Total -

Total - £. 197,877

Viz. The Sum of One hundred Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Serenty-seven Pounds.

G. Cockbume. Tho, Slade. IV, Batch/. E, Mason.

7- Charge of their Total.

r Hulls, Mads, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

£ 7,000 £-7>5'° £. 14,510

6,000 — 6,000

5,000 — 5,000

1,000 — 1,000

2,000 — 2,000

7,000 5,633 12,633

2,000 — 2,000

1,000 — 1,000

5>5°° — 5,5®®

5,000 — - 5,000

3,000 — 3,000

3,000 6,325 9,325

800 — 800

6,000 — 6,000

2,000 — 2/000

1,000 . — 1,000

3,000 . 7> 115 . 10,415

5,000 — 5,000

800 — . 800

10,000 — j 10,000-

10,000 — 10,000

9,000 / — j 9,000

6,50# 6,440 12,940

9,500 9,500

9,384 o>ojo , 14,454

10,500 — 10,500

10,500 — 10,500

9,000 — C), OO0

9,000 — 9,000

159,484 3»>393 oc

T. Brett. R. Temple. J. Bentley.

Vjor

o

3:

<1

Ds

Os>

Giwnwich

Out

Pensiootrs.

3 Geo. III. 30 Februarii. 431

Ordered, That the said Estimato do lie upon the Ta- The House being informed, that Mr- from Account;

ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called PuWic *"

iu; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to to their Order, empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day necessary Expences thereof, to provide for uich Sea- of January 1763, being Old Christmas Day; with the men, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the their Country, who shall not be provided for within fame.

the said Hospital; and to enable them to receive such And then he withdrew. y

Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Com- And the Title of the said Account was read.

missioners or Governors in the most easy and conve- The said Account is as followeth; viz.

nient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses

attending the fame: And that Mr. Grenville, the Lord

Caryafort, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Clevland, and Mr.

JE iujfey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 29.

To

43 2 3 ° Februarii. ^.1763.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, iti Parliament assembled.

Act ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, handing out the 5II1 Day of January 1763 (being Old Christmas Day A with the annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original

Sum contributed....

Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills.

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the£. t,000,000 charged on the Deduction of 6d. per Lib.onPensions, nor the £. 1,500,000

towards paying oft’ the Navy Debt, Anno 1762, nor the Sum of £. 1,000,000 charged on the Supplies, Anno 1763.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9® Willi.qtii Regis, and Two other Acts 6® flf 9® Amur Regina, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum -Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -B A N K O FE NL A N I). On their original Fund at£. 3 jurr Cent, per Ann. from the 1743

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3® primi Regis -

Purchased of the South Sea Company - -

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the

Funds for Lottery 1714....

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals finee

Lady Day 1 719....

Ditto — at £.3 per Cent. per Ann. Anno 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, finee Lady Day 1746 - Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the A fits 25°, 28®, 29®, 32*, X 33* Gii. 2di Regis £.21,127,821 5 i;f] Ditto — at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, Kc. by

the Act 31® Gii.2di Regis -500,000-----)

Ditto — at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale, by the Act into Gii. tertiiRegis - 12,000,000 — —

Ditto — at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by tl\e

Act 25® Gii.2di Regis -

Ditto — >at £.3^ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the

Act 29® Gii.2di Regis -.....- -

Ditto — at £. 3$ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, &*c. by the Act 31® Gii.2di Regis - Ditto — at £. 4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts of the 2* Gii.tertii Regis -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of aTicket, which amounted to £.22,500, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £. 18,354: And the Subscribers of£.ioo to the lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18 '. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, t°£.37,298. 10. And the Subscribers of £.100 for /. 3 Annuities, Anno 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of£. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to £.33,750, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to the Sum of £.32,585. 17. 6. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £.3 per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £. 1.2.6. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £. 130,053. 10. 3. which Annuities are anlncrease of the annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the fame: And the Contributorsto £.12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity of £.1 per Cent, per Ann. to continue for 98 Years, and then to cease, which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £.121,687. 10.

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9® Gii. primi Regis Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund ....

the 3d 1763. Edward

Principal Debt.

£. S. d.

>.336.275 17 io|

108,100 -

75>5°5 14 ioi

2,200-----

3.200.000 ——

1.000. 000-----

3.200.000 -

500,000 ——

4.000. 000-----

1.250.000 -

1.750.000 -

986,800-----

33,627,821 5 1}

17,701,32.3 16 4 1,500,000 ——

4.500.000 -

20,240,000 -- —

Annual Inttrrft, or other Charge*, payable for the tame.

£ <L 136.45311 3

7.657 — sms; 12 —

97,285 14 4

30,401 15 8

H;0,oooo-----

15,000 — — 121,898 3 5J

37.500 -

52.500 -

29*604 — —

1,027,588 5 8

54°>99-6 U — 53.343 *5 ~ 160,031 5 —

820,985-----

1

339*979 7 9

25,025,309 >3 765,326 3 if

2,100,000 64,181 5 —

22,603,336 8 21 4.409»797 *3

Ordered*

3 Geo. III. 30 — 4 0 Fe433

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

forctT Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time. Re/blved, That the Rill be committed.

Re/hired, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 40 Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III'" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Earl of A N ingrossed Bill to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Sandwich J.X. Roberi Nugent, Esquire, and Richard RigbyffScpim,

(and others) to jn Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice

Bihf110" Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John Earl of ,® Robert

Nugent, Esquire, and Richard Rigby, Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Oflice as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Daycott A Petition of William Earl of Harrington, James Jodofure. Shuttleworth, Esquire, L Esquire,

Bentley, Richard Newton, John Newton, Michael Boot, Thomas Joicett, and Ro Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Draycott, in the Parish of in the County of

Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

to Frame and Bath; and from the said Iron M,ills Wiater, by Nutty Coppice Farm, through and

to the House of Thomas Hopkins at Soho, within the Parish of Leigh, upon Mendip; and from Nunny to the

North East Side of a Close called Great Lyppyate, where FromeTurnpike Road ends; and from Soho, by the House of George Budd, within the Parish of Stoke Lane, to and through Edjord Coal Place, in the Parish of Stratton on the Fofi, to the Gate at the upper

End of Stratton Common; and from Soho, to and through Coleford, by or near the Coal Pits at Sheerfilofi, to or near the House of Salmon, Esquire, in the Parish of Holcombe, and half a Mile beyond the said last mentioned House, in the Road leading from thence to Stratton Church; and from Coleford aforesaid, by Fag-end, and over Lyppyatts Green, to or near the House of

Board, Widow, at Cullendow in the Parish of Kilmerfdon-, all in the said County; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers.and cannot beeffectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giveu to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Bidler, Lord Lu thorough, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilf Mr. Archer, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. braham Bootle, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cu/t, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Dempjlev, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Jackfin, Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Hunt, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Byde,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

worth, Mr. James Gremille, Lord; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerfit,

Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have-Power to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Lord Child’i Luxborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Guardian to ^at‘ josiah Child, an Infant of the Age of Eight Years, for and on the behalf of the said Josiah Child, whs presented to the House, and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor naturalizing the said JiJiali Child.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Long and Mr. Peter Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kilmington, A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the tic. County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and

Road. read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the

Welt End of Long Lane, in the Parish of Kilmington, in the said County, to the House late of James Moulton, to Harpeft. Lane and Bu Lane; and from the End of Stourton Lane, opposite th Drover on Kilmington Common, to the Top of Slu'pfitlle Hill; and from thence through New Leaze Lane to Fir; and from the Top of the said Hill to Hedgslocks, within the Parish of Badeombe, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Brewtonto Frome, and the City of Bath; and

from the said End of Long Lane to the Iron Mills Water, in the Parish of Marston; and from thence, by House, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Brewton

VCL. 29.

Mr. Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom D’Orville the Bill lor naturalizing John D'Orville and Michael and '

Wiegand, was committed, That the Committee had Wiegand's examined the Allegations of the Bid, at;d found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehofde rs Bradford, and Traders, of the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjha m &c. and Worifdown, in the County of Wilts, was presented Smal* ®el)ts to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, and Melkjiiam, and the Places adjaoent, all lying in the Hundreds afore-

5 R said.

434

4° Februarii. 1763.

said, there is a large and exteiifive Trade of fupcrfine Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures, which employs many thousand People, who are perpetually contracting many smallDebts; and alleging, that from the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with iu suing them, many of those People, though well able, refuse to pay their just Debts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have fuel) other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the l louse:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Archer, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Ky Sir Smith, Mr.

Burrell, Lord George CavenMr. Mr. Waller, Mr. Butler, Mr. JackJ’on, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr. Byde, Mr. Andrew Archer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Fora. Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be preferred to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before the l louse an Account of the Sum granted for 1761; and setting forth, that the Petitioners have invested the Money granted in 1762 in Goods, Stores, and Necessa-ries, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1

Account!; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Foundling count of a|[ Monies received and paid by the Governors 0 *ma and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also an Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760; who have been placed out Apprentices between the said 3 ift Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who. have been returned to their Parents between the said 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the said 3 ill Day of December 1762, inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who have died between the said 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1762.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children do prepare, and lay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital on

or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1763, inclusive.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital Account!t do lay before this House, an Account of what Money Greenwich has been received by him on account of the said Hof- 0 pital, from Christmas 1760 to Christm 1761; and from

Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1762; and how the same has been applied; distingniffiing each Year; and also how many Men have been maintained and clothed in the said Hospital during the said Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Office! indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them- and selves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify raplolfmcEt1' Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to re-giller or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And that Mr. Pugh Prycc and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way! resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean! consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 31st December 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee'.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dichin/'ontook the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the’Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for . raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Greetham

Inclosure.

Penryn

Roads*

3 Geo. IIL f Febru435

Luna, 7* die Februarii;

Anna 30 Georgii III*1 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Ri£ht honourable Elizabeth Countess Dowager of'Gainsborough, on the behalf of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Gainsborough, her Son, an Infant, to whom the is Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open trid Common Fields, Heath and Waste Grounds, w'ithin the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland; and

alleging, that the said Earl hath an ancient Park, out of which several Gates open into the Premises which the Petitioner apprehends are intended by the said Bill to be inclosed; and that the said Earl and his Ancestors have enjoyed, for Time immemorial, a Road into# and over, the said Premises, or adjoining thereto; and that* if he should be deprived of the Use of the said Road, it will be extremely inconvenient and detrimental to him and his Heirs: And therefore praying. That the said Earl may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Right; and that such Provision may be made therein for his Security as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the said Earl be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the said Petition, if he thinks tit.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Intiruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayors, Justices of the Peace, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Penryn, and Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall -, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Redruth, and the several Parishes of Gluvias, Perr an, theans, and Gwennop, in the same County; and also of the several Gentlemen and Merchants concerned inTin and Copper Mines lying within and near the Parishes and Places aforesaid, whose Names respectively are thereunto subscribed; was prefeuted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in respectively, to

Higher Water Gate and Redruth aforesaid, through

nooth and Gwemiop Moors, and through the several Parishes of Gluvias, P err an, ASt it beans, Gwennop, and Redruth aforesaid, are, from their Situation, and the Nature and Quality of the Soil, rendered very narrow', rough, and incommodious, and in most Parts thereof utterly impafiable for Wheel Carriages, and in general very dangerous to Travellers: And therefore praying. That Leave may' be given to bring in a Bill for widening and amending the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Francis Buller, Mr.

Mr. Drax, Mr. Pitt, Lord CarMr. Tucker, Lord Borssion, Mr. Mazobey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Mi*

Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dozcdejicell, Mr. Ber keley, Mr. Glover, Mr. vnjhend, Vol. 29.

Lord Midleton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Plurnptre, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Lord

Harry Pozvlett, Mr. Rushout, Sir Mr. So-

licitor General, Colonel Irwi, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. -derburn, Mr. Fonereau, Sir George Savile, Mr. Whafely, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Herbert Lloyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-5 cords.

Mr. Cufireported from the Committee) to whom the

Bill for naturalizing Samuel Chollet, John Francis Gabriel Bize, and Samuel GreUewas committed, That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen reflding in the Uni-Versity and Town of Cambridge, the City of Ely, and di- vers other Towns lying upon or near the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the South West Corner of Saint Gyles's Church Yard, in the Town of Cambridge, to the Blacksmith’s Shop in Milton, in the Occupation of William Haggis;and from thence, by the Right

Hand Branch, to or near a Windmill on Wafer Beach Common; and from thence, by Land Beach Bar, Denny Point-, and from thence, along a Bank belonging to the Corporation of Bedford Level, to Stre/ham;

and crofting the River Ouze there, through Stret/iam, to the South End of BrahamLave-, and from thence to

Lamb Corner, in Ely, and from thence, by the Porter's Lodge and Backhill, to the High Bridge; and from thence, to and through Stantney, unto the First House in Soham; is in a ruinobs Condition; in some Parts narrow' and incommodious, and in others annoyed by’Wa* ter, for want of necessary' Bridges, and particularly of a Bridge over the River Ouze, at or near Stre/ham;

and alleging, that the Course of the said Road may in some Parts be altered for the better Accommodation of Passengers, particularly by making it from Ferry, between Elfurd Closeson the Right Hand, and Breach CloJ'es on the Left, over the Top of the Hill in the Fields of Slretham; and from thence, leaving the Mills and Town of Strdham on the Right Hand, to the South End of Braham Lane aforesaid, whereby divers other Towns will be accommodated with a nearer Way to the said Ferry', and the Road will thereby be of more general Use and Benefit; and the said Corporation of Bedford Level are willing that the Bank on the East Side of Clattering Dyke, from Ferry to

Denny Point aforesaid, may he made Use of as Part of the said Road, and that a Bridge may be built at or near the said Ferry': And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing# widening, turning, and rendering commodious the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Royffou, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Cary for t, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Warren, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

1lice, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Buryoyne, Mr. Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Colonel Irzvin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ijk Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr. Cuf, Mr.

Buller,

Chalet (and other*} Nat; '

Cambridge to Ely Road.

436 70 Februarli. . 1763.

Bulkr, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Blatkstone, Lord Harry Poiv- in the County of Huntingdon, through

/r//, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Strange, and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing-house

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Evelyn, on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge:

Mr. Bejt, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Camp- And the same was received; and read the First '

bell, Mr. Bull, Lord Clive, Mr. Toumjhend, Lord Mayor Time.

of London, Mr. West, Lord Brownlcno Bertie, Mr. York, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Midleton, Mr. Wynne, Sir Herbert Lloyd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, A Petition of the Inhabitants, and Owners of Houses Rebuilding Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to and Ground within the Borough and Town of Warelam

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ham, in the County of Dorset, whole Names are there- Town, Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other c’ fons. Papers, and Records. the Inhabitants, and Owners of Houses and Grounds

Newmarket ' within the said Borough and Town, was presented to 1

ewar A Bill for repairing the Road from Nezvmarkct, over the House, and read; Setting forth, That on Sunday '

Fulbome NaomarketHeath, to the Turnpike Road leading to the 25th Day of July lad, a sudden and dreadful Fire

Road. Slump Cross ,in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, burnt down the greatest Part of the said Town; and al-

was read a Second Time. Ieging, that divers Suits and Controversies will pro-

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Royston, bably ensue between the several Proprietors of Laud Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Warren, Mr. Mawbey, Sir within the said Borough and Town, and others claim- I

George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dowdeswd!, Mr. Pye, ing under them; and that several of the said Proprie- I

Mr. Urebb, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ed-tors being under Incapacities of Infancy, Coverture, '

mind Jsham, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Bagot, Sir Entail, or otherwise, cannot shake Title to their Lands,

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fuller, so as to encourage building thereon; and that divers

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Aniyand, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bui- Sums of Money have been contributed by charitable ler, Mr. Cust, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Calvert, Mr Jenyns, and well disposed Persons towards Relief of the poor Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shafloe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rice, Mr. and moll distressed Sufferers by the said Fire, but that,

Clayton, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Objections may be made to the Diliribution of such j

Powell; and all the Members who serve for the Conn- Charity, and the Persons into whose Hands the same ties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Huntingdon: have been paid, for the Benefit of such Sufferers,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the may be subject to Suits and other Vexations: And Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

in a Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding Nightingales, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a the said Town of and for determining Differ-

Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath ences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town demolished by reason of the late dreadful Fire there j of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lan- and for preventing future Danger by Fire; and for incomer, was read a Second Time. demnifying such Persons as have received or paid, or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George shall receive or pay, any Charity Monies collected for Warren, Mr. Fuller, Lord Royston, Mr. Amyand, Mr. the Relief of the poor Sufferers there; or that the Pgti-Clive, Mr. Jackson, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Kynaston, tioners may have such further and other Relief in the , Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Clive, Mr. Noel, Premifos as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pur-Sandys, Lord Percival, Mr. Pye, Lord Midleton, Mr. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

ParAer, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Nlr.Tucker, Sir Edward Erie Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Darner, and Sir Ro-

Bayntun, Mr. Tmonjhend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Calvert, bert Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Dowdefioell, Mr. On-

Jlow, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gore; and all the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Neal’j Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham: And they Marriage Settlement o Neal, Gentleman, and Sett tmeu

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the same more ef-Speaker’s Chamber. feftual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; was read a Second Time.

Child’s Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jackson,

Nat. to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Josiah Child, an Infant Mr. Alderman Mr. Gray, Mr.

of the Age of Nine Years: And the same was received; Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cujl, Mr. John and read the First Time. Mr. W! Mr. Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. er, Mr. Drake, Mr. Serjeant Ilewiti, Sir George Sa-

vile, Mr. Shut Ilea Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fo-Kirkby Mr. Shultleworthpresented to the House, according nereau, Mr. Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr. Par-

Kendall, to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping ker. Lord Mr. Pnjce, Mr. Mr.

in Repair, the Road from Kirk by Kendall, through Cross- Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. G lover, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

thwaite, and over Bowland Bridge, in the County of Sir Mr. Lord

Wepnoreland, and over Cartmell Fell, to Newby Bridge; Mr. Darner, Mr. and all the Members who serve

and over Eelingharlh Brow to the Town of Booth; and for the Counties of Hertford, and

over Penny Bridge, by Greenodd, and on the End Side Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to of Arrad, to Ulverstone; and from thence, through Lin- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the dal, by Tite, up to KirkbyIreleth: And the same was Speaker’s Chamber. (

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to westmoreiani

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* Godmanchester, The Lord Cary fort presented to the House, accord- the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this

ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers present Parliament for the County of

ad* granted by an Act made in the 18 th Year of the Reign in the room of Sir James Lowther, Baronet, who,

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, fuice his Election for the said County, hath accepted

An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three

Chiltern \

1

3 Geo. III. 7° Februariu 437

Chiltern Hundreds of Stake, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re* ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interolled in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the 3 ill Day of December lait, who shall, on or before the 25th Day of March next, carry the same (after having had the Interefidue thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, to be marked and certified by him, or his Paymaster and Cadiier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be entitled unto, and have, an Annuity trnnsferrable at the Bank of England for the Principal and Interefidue on the said Bills after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of March next, payable half-yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, until redeemed by Parliament; the said Annuities to be charged upon

the Sinking Fund; and the Sums which shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund, for Payment of the said Annuities, to be from Time to Time replaced out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials that have passed between His Majesty's Ministers and the Court of Madrid, relative to the Seizure and Confiscation of the Antigallican private Ship of War, and the Restitution of her Prize, the Duke de JPenthicvre, to the French;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Order

A Paper, intituled, State of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it Hood on the 31st December 1762. And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid Paper is as followeth;

Vol. 29.

5 5-

Antigailictft

Pnvtteer.

Committee

ot

Privileges*

Ordnance

Debt.

43 8

7° Februarii

A. 1763.

STATE of the DEBT in the Office of ORDNANCE, as it stood on the 31 December 1762.

Debentures made out, and unpaid, on the 31 December 1762;

For Stofes supplied and Services performed -

Sundry Freights and Incidents - -

Gunpowder - ....

Small Arms -

Iron Ordnance* Mortars, Shot, and Shells -

£ s. d.

421.635 X> CO

27,186 7 3

28,134 16 10

96>757 9

81,709 — 8

Memorandum: Of the above Debentures there has been since paid, but of the Supplies granted by Parliament -

Debentures made out on or before 31 December 1762, and Hill unpaid

The Remainder of the Debt on the 31 December 1762, not ascertained by Debentures,

is eliimated as follows;

Hire of Store Ships and Bomb Tenders ----- 28,600 r 1

Hire of Train Horses and Drivers, in Great Britain and Bellei/le - 3.210 16 2

Due to the East India Company, for Salt Petre, Services performed, and the Accounts not adjusted; also Bills of Exchange drawn, and not yet due - -- -- - 26,544 13 6

Buildings and Repairs carried on this Year in Great Britain and the

foreign Garrisons - -- 20,000-----

Sums eliimated to bedue on Warrants issued for providing Stores - 73.107 16 7

Towards the Payment of which there remains; viz.

£ s. d.

655*4*3 2 5

60,000 — —

595»423 2 5

15M63 7 5 746,886 9 10

In the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance

Due on the Grants by Parliament -

Due from the King of Portugal, for (mail Arms delivered

234 *4 9 147,046 18 — 4,181 14 8

15M63 7 6

The Debt of the Ordnance, so for as it is at present come to the Knowledge of the Board, will then be -

595>423 2 i

Note, In the Amount of the Debt, as here Hated, is included the Extraordinary Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in 1762, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to £.457,286. 1 it. 11 d.a particular Account of which Services is hereunto

annexed.

Charles Frederick, R.

E. Winninglon, Cha'. Cocks

Office of Ordnance,

7 February, 1763.

3 Geo. III. 7" Fe 439

ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land

Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1762.

A Battering Train of Artillery, confiding of Brass Ordnance, Mortars,

Howitzers, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, prepared and

shipped for Service of the Expedition against the under

the Command of the Earl of Albemarle, pursuant to His Majesty’s £. s. d.

Warrant* 1 October 1762 ----- 54*514 4 2

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants* from 1 January

to 31 December 1762; also on account of Contingencies - - 8,528 6 o

Ilirc of Transports taken up at New York, and employed in carrying Men and Stores on the Expeditions against Martinique and the Havannah -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by, and Sums advanced to, the Pay-malters of the Trains of Artillery in North America, and on the Expedition to Martinique, for Contingencies ——

Pay of Officers and Artificers at the Island of Guadeloupe, from 1 to 31 De-

cember 1762, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the Current Service -

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax, in Nova Scotia, from 1 January to 31 December 1762, and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the Current Service -

Brass Ordnance, Howitzers, and Stores, for a Field Train of Artillery,

and Ammunition, for His Majesty’s Troops in Portugal, pursuant £. s. d. to His Majesty’s Warrant, 1 October 1762 - - - 14*306 7 .5

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants, to 31 December 1762; also Money paid for the Purchas'e of Mules and Contingencies ----- - 20,498 10 6

Arms, Ammunition, and Tents, also Iron Ordnance, Brass Mortars, Howitzers, Round Shot, and other Stores, issued to his Moll Faithful Majesty, for Defence of Portugal, pursuant to His Majesty’s \\ arrant, 1 October 1762 -

Brass Ordnance, Mortars, Howitzers, Carriages, Powder, Shot, Timber, Coals, Bedding, Intrenching Tools, and other Stores, lent to Gibraltar as a full Proportion, in case of a Siege, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 26 November 1762 -

Iron Ordnance, Shells, and Hand Grenadoes, given as a Present to the Dey of Algiers,

pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 8 February 1762 -....

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants on the Train of Artillery at Belle-isle, to 31 December 1762; with the Hire of Horses to the July 1762; also on account of repairing the Works and Contingencies -

Bedding sent for the Men doing Duty in the Garrisons of Placentia and St. John's,

foundland, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 25 November 1761, and 19 April 1762 ——

Ordnance and Stores sent for Use of the Forts, built and to be built, at Whitehaven, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 15 February 1762 -

Paid to Colonel Thomas Defaguliers, a Reward for his good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 2 July 1762 -

To Richard King, Esquire, Engineer and Colonel of Artillery, an additional Allowance of £.100 per Annum, from 1 January last, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 23 June 1762 ——

To Susanna Bonlein, Widow of Capt. Lieutenant William Bontein, late an Engineer, a Pension of £.20 per Annum, from 1 January last, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant,

9 July 1762 ——

Towards finishing the Barracks to lodge Troops within the Lines at Chatham, for Security and Defence of the Dock ——

Towards erecting new Redoubts in the Island of Jersey, pursuant to his late Majesty’s

Order in Council, 28 July 1758 - ....

Brass Ordnance, Howitzers, Waggons, Pontoons, Horse Harness, and other Stores, sent for Service of the British Train of Artillery in Germany, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 2 October 17 62----- - - . - -

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for the Train of Artillery in Germany, to 31 December 1762, with the Charge of Horses that have been killed, taken by the Enemy, or died through excessive £. s. d. Service, between 1 August 1761 and 31 December 1762, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 7 November 1760 ----- 154,362 3 8

Also Money paid on account of Contingencies, with the Pay of Officers,

Artificers, and Attendants - - - ’- - - - - 14,047 3 7

168,409 7 3

For which Services there hath been granted, in Estimate 1762 - 120,000 — -r-

£. s. d.

63,042 10 2

413 5 7

24,597 2 7

2,599 4 6

664 14 11

34,804 17 IX

96,649 13 4

29>374 8 —

2,010-----

4,230 14 7

446 12 6 2,806 9 3

5oo__ —

100-----

10 — —

9>975 8 6

1,074 6 6

32,808 2 —

4*>4°9 7 3

Vol. 29.

Hire

44°

7° Februarii.

HireofHorfes and Drivers, for the Train of Artillery to attend His Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from i January to 31 December 1762, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 29 October 1761 -

Pay of Officers and Attendants on the Field Train of Artillery, fitted

out for immediate Service in England, from 1 January to 31 De- f. s. d. cernber 1762, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 13 1762 2,664 10 0

Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for the said Train, from 1

January to 10 December 1762 ----- - 10,807 14 10

Also Forage to Officers - - 615-----

Hire of Horses and Drivers for the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot in England, irom 1 Januan/ to 10 December 1762, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 13 August 1762 - 2,799 10 6

Also l orage to the Officers, Stores, and Incidents - - - 235-----

Arms delivered to Four old and Thirteen new Regiments of Foot, Eleven new Companies, the Draughts to recruit the Regiments in , and to several others, in

lieu of those loft and worn out in actual Service, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 16 October,6 and 10 November,7. 18. 23 and 29 December 1761, 12. 2®. 25 and

29 January, 1, 2, 3. 8. 15 and 19 February, 2. 4. 9. 15. 23. 29 and 30 March, 10 April, 21. 26 and 31 May, 9 and 22 June, 28 July, 2. 9 and 25 August, 17 September, 5 October,4. 26 and 29 November 1762 ——

Tents delivered to Two Regiments of Dragoons and Thirty-five Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 18 December 1761, 8 and 11 January, 3 February, 23 March, 5 and 26 April, 24 May, 3 and 25 June, and 27 August, 1762 An additional Supply of Ammunition, delivered to Five Regiments and Eleven Troops of Dragoons; also Thirty Regiments of Foot; pursuant to llis Majesty’s Warrant, 2 November 1761 -

Arms, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and Colours, delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Caernarvon, Hereford, Cardigan, A nglcfey, and Salop-, also Arms to the DorJc/shire, Accoutrements to Two additional Companies of the Drums to the

Warwick and Ber!shire, and Colours to the Somerset and Militia, pursuant to

His Majesty’s Orders, 29 January, 1 March, 12 May, 16 and 24 June, 20 July, 17 and 28 August, 7 September, 1 October, 19 November, and 3 December, 1762 -

Tents delivered to Eleven Regiments of Militia, ordered to be encamped, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 3.9. 14 and 28 June 1762 ——

Ammunition delivered to Thirty-two Regiments of embodied Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 2 November 1761 - ....

t

Charles Frederick, W. R. Earle,

E, Winnington, Cocks.

A. 1763.

827 6 8

14,087 4 10

3,034 io 6

45,226 13 8

8,722 17 3

V

3>5*7 1 5

4,861 14 S 1,628 13 3

2,843 11 8

457,286 11 n

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, the Service of the Royal Navy, between the 31st De-to be perused by the Members of the House. 1761, and 31st 1762, upon a Medium

of each Month; dillinguishing what Number were Account; Air. Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

Scamem the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- And the Title of the said Account was read,

fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in

Glentham

Iadosure.

air.

Name.

3 Geo. III. 70 — 8" Februarii.

441

Navy-Office, ad February 1763.

Am ACCOUNT of the Nilmher of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the 31st December 1761, and the 31st December1762; upon a Medium of each Month: distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service} prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable the House of Commons, dated iff February 1763.

Months.

January

February

March

April

May

June

July -

August -

September

October

November

December

Upon a Medium

Mustered.

78984

80211

80402

79645

82183

8*53*

83336

84195

84770

83871

*3597

794*9

983,154

81,929

G. Cockbume, Tho. Slade, E. Ma/on, T. Btett, It. Temple, J. Bentley,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii HP" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manors of Glentham,

' in the County of Lincoln, and others, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, beingOwners and Proprietors of Lands, and other Property, within the said Manors of Glentham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manors and Parish of Glentham aforesaid, are several Open and Common Fields, called the East Field, West Field, Ox East Pafiure, and Car Ground, the whole consisting of

about Two thousand Five hundred and Seventy Acres; and alleging, that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Car, lie greatly intermixed, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improve* ment; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were inclosed, and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights, Interests, and Properties: And therefore praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bid, pur-fnant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whiche ot, the Lord Burgh and Lord Broitnlout

Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do make the Report fr om the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling.dn/ur V*t. 29.

Barbara Itill Medlycott to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased, was committed.

Mr. De Grey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had directed the Rill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Traders, of the Hundreds of Bradford,

and Whorlfdmn, in the County of Wilts, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Plummer, being examined, said. That there is a large Trade in fine Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures in the said Hundreds, in which many Thousands of People are employed, who are perpetually contracting small Debts, which in the whole amount yearly to a great Sum of Money.

That the Difficulties and Expences that Creditors are put to in filing for small.Debts, is a great Injury to the Traders, and a Discouragement to necessary Credit:

And that a speedy and easy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Hundreds, would be highly advantageous to the Country.

Upon the Evidence here Hated your Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

5 T Bcfolvei,

Bradford,

&c. Small Debts,

442 8 0 Februarii.. 1763.

ficfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Court of Session in Scotland, on the 13th February 1734, York That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill in a Suit between the Trustees for the Annuitants, and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts the said Sir John Meres, which Decree having never within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham , and been appealed from, is long fmce become conclusive Whorlsdown, in the County of Wilts. and final; and that this Debt, was afterwards assigned

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for by Sir John o William Lock, of the Parish of

the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts Saint Paid, Covent Garden,' Esquire, deceased, and is within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and now vhftecj in the Person of William IjocI;, Esquire, one Whorlsdown, in the County of Wills: And that Sir Robert of the Petitioners, by a Deed of Conveyance bearing Long and Mr. Byde do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Date 30th March 1756; and that the late Duke of

Norfoand other Persons as Partners with him, having A Petition of the Trustees for the Annuitants of the taken a Lease for Thirty Years, commencing the 25th Governor and Company of! Undertakers, for raising the March 1724, of the Lead Mines of Strontian in Scot-Thames Water in York Buildings under an Indenture ex- land, belonging to Sir Alexander Murray, of ecuted with the said Company on the 26th August 1725, the said Governor and Company in the Year 1730, en-William Lock, of Cavendish Square, in the County of tered into an Agreement with his Grace and Partners,

Middlesex, Esquire, Edward Duke of 'Norfolk and for an Assignment of their said Lease to the said Go-Partners in the Tack Duty of the Mines' of Strontian, vernorand Company ,who thereby obliged themselvesnot in Terms of the Sub Lease and Alignment of the only to relieve the Duke and Partners of the said Lords said Mines, executed in favour of the said Company Dish, and other Covenants in the original Lease, but also on the 31 July 1730, Sir Andrew Chadwick, of Greatto payaYearfy Rentto hisGraceand Partners of£.3,600

Broad Street, in the Parish of Saint James's, Westminster, dur ing the whole Term of the said original Lease, the First in the said County of Middlesex, Knight,'and the Re- Half Year’s Payment to be made outlie 25 th of verend Samuel Grove, of Blenheim Street, in the' Parish 1730; and for which annual Sum his Grace and Partners of Saint James's aforesaid, Clerk, fupiving Trustees were afterwards infeoffed and fcifed in the said. Com-for the Creditors of the said Company under a Deed of pany’s Estates; and that upon the 17th and 18th Trustdated 17th and 18th January 1731, was presented Janua 1731, the said Governor and Company entered to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in con- into an Agreement, and, iu Consequence thereof, upon sequence of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of King the 25th October 1732, executed a Bond and Dispofi-George the First, for veiling the forfeited Estates in tion of their Eiiates in Scotland, to Sir

Great Britain and If eland in Trustees, to be sold for lers, John Lawton, and Nicholas Paxton, for securing the Use of the Public, the said Governor and Company £. 100,000 which the Company intetided to made various Purchases of such forfeited Estates, par- borrow from such Persons as would trust them, and to give ticularly ofthofelyingin Scotland-, and being duly seised the Lenders the Company’s Bonds, or Notes, for the Sums and infeoffed therein, as the Law of that Part of the lent by each of them, making an Entry in their Books-Kingdom requires, they afterwards let the same upon that the Lenders should be entitled to the Benefit of the Leates to sundry.Tenants; and alleging, that ip pur- above Security; upon which Tntft Deed, Saline and' fuance of the Powers given, the said Governor and Infeoffment was had, and a Variety of Sums borrowed.

Company, by another Act passed in the Seventh Year amounting nearly to the said 100,000; ,but the In-of the said King, for continuing the Duties on Malt,. feoffment of these Trustees upon this latter Deed, being t(c. and to enable the Undertakers for raising the prior in Time to that of the Duke of-Norfolk and Thames Water in York Buildings, to fell Annuities by Partners, a Dispute arose between them as to the Right way of a Lottery, thcdaid Governor and Company did of Preference next after the Annuitants, and Sir John grant Annuities to^the Extent of £. 10,453 i if. Ster- Mereand the Court of Session, by Decree pronounced

ling, being nearly equal to the clear pearly Amount of in January 1739, preferred the Duke of Norfolk and their Estates, as leased by them, determinable on the Partners, immediately after the Annuitants and Sir Lives of One, Two, or Three Nominees, according John Meres, which Decree was affirmed in the House to the several Agreements made, with, the said An- t of Lords the First of May following; whereby the nuitants; and for securing their Annuities, Bonds were Creditors under the Dped of January 1731, can be con- ' n; issued under the Common Seal of the said Company to fidered only asstanding next to the Duke of Norfolk the said Annuitants, and a Trust created, and by an and Partners, or in the Fourth Class of the Company’s Indenture bearing Date the 13th October 1727, over all- Creditors; and the said Duke and Partners Claim for^ the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, on Behalf, of the Tack Duties, of Yearly Rent, incurred under the . those said Annuitants; and Saline on Infeoffment being above-mentioned Agreement, does now (including In-taken on that Trust Deed, the said Annuitants thereby terest) exceed the Sjim of 1 26,000 and that the said. became the first and preferable Creditors upon, the Governor and Company contrafted a great Number ofv Company's Estates in Scotland, and for mauy Years., other Debts by Bond, Note, and various other Kinds,'. have been in the foie Perception of the Rents thereof, to Individual?, several w hereof have led their Debts to t‘ lor Payment of their Annuities; and that the said Go- Adjudications, in their own, Names, of the Company’s vernor and Company, having borrowed several Sums of Estates in Scotland, for their Security; the Amount of.

Money from the late Sir John Meres, of Kirby Billers, in , which Debts appear, by the Record of Adjudications, the County of Leicester, Knight, he on the 19th of to be £.187,274 8$. which, with the Interest iu-,

February 1732, obtained a Decree of the Court of curred thereon, will exceed the Sum of£. 369,000 Ster-Session against them, for Payment thereof; and ling; whereby, and by means of their other above-upon the 20th May 1732, the said Governor and Com- nlentioned Debts, the Company became Insolvent and pany gave him an heretable Bond of Corroboration for Bankrupt, their Debts far exceeding the Value of their. his Debt, then amounting to £. 10,433 iif. id. Ster- Estates; and that the Yearly Rent of the Company’s ling, payable at certain Times mentioned in the said Estates in Scotland, leased out as aforesaid, is at present.

Bond, and bearing Interest from the said 2otb May- about 10,500 whereof divers Parts of the

1732, and One Fifth Part more than the said principal Estates formerly of Panmure, and Southejk,

Sum of Penalty, in case of not punctual Payment; were in one JLeafe let to Sir Archibald G rant and Alexan-hnd that this whole Debt was made a Charge on the der Garden, at the Yearly Rent of £. 4,000 Sterling -,

Company’s whole Estates in Scotland; and the said Sir that the Annuities, which originally amounted to

John Meres was seised and infeoffed therein for his Se- £. 10,453 1 if. are now reduced, by the Deaths of the eurity, whereby his Debt became the next, in preference; Nominees, to /. 5,384 8f. certain, 33 uncertain to the Annuitants, and was so determined to be by the whether still fubfilting, and£.49 for which the Bonds

have

t

3 Geo.. III. 8

have never been produced; and the Payments of the sub- ney will yield an higher Interest than the Rents of the York

filling Annuities are brought down to Midfumfner 1761; Lands amount to, and the now fubfilling Annuitants Building*

and that the Duke of Norfolk, and Partners having- in having, even after this Sale, a more effeehialSecurity Company.

1736, brought an Action of Ranking and Sale in the by the Company’s remaining Dilates in Scotland, than

Court of Session against the said Governor and Com- the whole Number of them had over all the Company’6

pany, and all their Creditors, which had depended fe- Estates, when the Annuities were first created; and

veral Years, by Minutes of Agreement entered into the expediting the intended Sale will not only be a

and subscribed in the Year 1756, by the said Governor great Easement to the Company, by ridding them of

and Company, the Trustees for the Annuitants, the said the Risques and Deductions attending Land Rents in

William XocAr,(k ceased, the AgeiitsforhisGracethe Duke Scotland, and of the Charge of Management, but will

of Norfolk and Partners, and the Trustees for the Bond also be attended with great public Benefit by transfer-

Creditprs, under the said Deed of Trull 1731, it was itag these Estates, now neglected and uncultivated, into

agreed that.Application should be made to the Court of Hands better able to improve them to their full Value.

Session, in which all Parties were to join, or consent, And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to

for Sale of such Parts of the Marijchall, Panmure, and bring in a Bill, for carrying into a speedy Execution

Southcfc Estates, as were then let to the said Archibald- the abovementioned Agreement; and for authorizing Grant and Alexander Garden, at £. 4000 per Ann..axiH and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to pro-that the Money when raised by Sale thereof should be ceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marifchall, applied in the first. Place to pay what remained due on Panmure, and and others, as were leased to

the said Lock's Debt; and then the Sum of £.82,000 Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden, without was agreed to be paid to the Duke of Norfolk, and the waiting the Ranking and Preference of the Company’s rest of the Leflore of the said Mines, for their Debt, other Creditors.

and in Discharge of their Demand, then amounting to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the about £. 126,000Sterling, aforesaid; which Sum of Confederation of a Committee: And that they do

£.82,000, and Interest for the same from the 25th of examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as June 1755, after the Rate of £. 4 per Cent, his Grace it shall appear to them, to the House: and Partners agreed to accept; and that the Residue of And it is referred to Mr. Lord Advocate

the Money arising by such Sale should be paid to the of Scotland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Di/de, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ful-Trustees, under the Deed of Trull of the 17th and ler, Mr. Clive, Mr. Mr. Mr. Rice,

18 th of January 1731, to be applied in Discharge of Mr. Dmcdejiccll, Mr. Mack ay, Mr. Gq/ceyw?, Mr. what remained due to the Creditors under that Deed, and Colonel Craufurd, Mr. Norris, Sir Cherries Kemys and that the growing Rents of the said Estate should in Tynte, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. '

the mean time, till the Estates were fold, be applied to ton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Toicnfield, Sir George1 the same Uses and Purposes; and that in Consequence Savile, Mr. Cujt, Colonel Mr. Glover, Sir

of this Agreement, upon Application to the Court of James Carnegie, Mr. Jlebb, fovd -Burg ha ft, Mr. Drax,

Session, the said William Lock and the Duke of Norfolk Sir Jarr Sir and Partners obtained an Order of Court, dated 22 July Lambe, Lord; and all the Members who serve for 1757, by Consent of the Annuitants authorizing the ft North; and for the Counties of Nottingham

Factor to pay over to Mr. Lock, and to the Duke of York, Norfolk, and And they are to meet

Norfolk and Partners, the Yearly Rent reserved on the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s,

Lease let to Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden, Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, which has been paid to them accordingly ever since; and Records.

atjd Mr. Lock, and his Grace and Partners, are now in;

the Receipt thereof, for Payment of their Interest, Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to M*rton

whereby this Agreement is so far already carried into ex- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure.

ecution; and that in further Prosecution of the same Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the Agreement, Directions were given by all the Parties County of and for making a Compensation for

concerned, to their Agents, for bringing the said Estates Common of Failure and Tythes arising the rein: And toaSale with all possible Dispatch, that the Price arising the same was received; and read the First Time, from such Sale might be applied according to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Agreement; and as the vigorous Prosecution of the

above-mentioned Suit for Ranking and Sale was the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Highgate

only Method of attaining this End,-the same has been thereunto subscribed, being Trustees acting under the to

revived, and is Hill depending, and, that in course of this Authority of several Acts of Parliament, for retiring

Process the Y’early Rental of all the Company's Estates the several Roadstherein after mentioned, waspresented

has been ascertained, and the Value (bixi Twenty-five to the House, and- read; Setting forth, That by an Act

Y ears Purchase) proved; but the Forms of the Court passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

of Session admitting of no Sale in such Suits, -until all for repairing the Road from Highgate GatehouJ'e, in the

the.Creditors have produced their several Grounds of County of Middlesex, to Barnet Bleckhouse, in the County

Debt, and the particular Preference of each be ranked of Hertford, several Tolls were made payable for Thir-

and settled, the Execution of the above Agreement can teen Years; which Termwas, by another Act, passed in

never be obtained in this Suit, but after very great De- the Seventh Year of King George the First, enlarged

lays, especially as a great Number of the Company’s for the further Term of Seventeen Years; and the

Creditors still defer the Production of their Securities Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Sign of the

and Grounds of Debt; which obliges the Petitioners Angel in Enfield Chace, in the County of Middlesex, direct-

to pray the Interpolation of this House for quicken- ed to be repaired; and which said last mentioned Term

ing the Execution of this Agreement; the said Mr. was, by another Act palTerl in the Ninth Year of King

Lock, and the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, whose Georg the Second, enlarged for the further Term of

Priority and Preference, next to the Annuitants, are Twenty-one Years; and that by the last mentioned Act

clearly established, having been long kept out of their the Lame leading from Highgate to Hampstead, called

Money, and his Grace and Partners agreeing for speedy Canewood Lane, was also directed to be repaired; and

Payment, to reduce to £. 82,000 only a clear Demand alleging, that the Road beginning at Barnet Blockhouse,

of£. 126,000, which they would in course of Law at and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid, and

lati recover, w hereby there will be a saving of above which is not included in the said Acts, or any of them,

£.44,000 to the Company’s posterior Creditors, whe- is now become very ruinous, and in feme Parts very ther claiming under the Trull Heed of 1731, or. Ad- aarrow; and that the said Road cannot be effectually judgers, besides the Probability that the Purchase Mo- repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law -V"- 29' and

444

8° Februa

A. 1763.

ami that the Petitioners, and the fell of the Trustees mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; under the said former Arts, are desirous that the Powers and had directed hint to report the fame, as it appeared granted by the same may be extended to the above- to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his mentioned Road, the Petitioners being addled with a Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s very smalt additional Toll, and impowered to apply a Table i Where the same was read; and is as fotloweth-, fufiieient Part of the Tolls granted by the said Arts in the

repairing and widening the said Road; and that Part of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Cap-the Money heretofore borrowed upon the Credit of the tain and Mr. Lewis I fog , bei n g several I y

said Tolls remains unpaid; and although all the Money examined, said, That the Road leading from the so borrowed, together with the Money arising from the Fourteen-Mile Stone in the Parish of Mothvey, in the Rid 'foils, hath been duly laid out according to the Di- County of through to

rertions of the said Arts, yet some Parts of the said in the Parish of Ilanddo-vawr; and from thence

Roads arc in the Winter Season in a ruinous Condition, by and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of

and cannot be effectually repaired according to the tme Llandilo-vawr; and from the said Town by,

Intent and Meaning of the said former Arts, and the through the County Borough and Village

Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof repaid, unless of Saint Clear's to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Arts at the Borders of the County of; is in a ruin-

be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That ous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incom-Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the modious to Passengers; and that the same cannot be Terms and Powers granted by the said Arts of Par- effectually repaired and widened by the I^aws in being, liament, and for amending, repairing, and widening Several Members present at your Committee con-the said additional Road, or Highway, from Barnet firmed the above Evidence.

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

mithurl!

to

Oswestry

Road.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Samuel Chollet, The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, to John Francis Gabriel Bize, and Samuel Grellet, was read whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others of the Third Time.

the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Samuel John

Francis Gabriel and Samuel Grellet.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all Colonel Watki/n Wynn, being examined, said, That the the ancient Inclosures, situate and being in Boolham, in Road leading from Peny clawd, in the County of Den- the Suburbs of the City of York, and in the Township high, from the Turnpike Road between Oswestry and of Clifton, in the County of York, or either of them;

Wrexham, through Llangollen, to the joining of the and also for extinguishing all Right of Common in Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin; and and upon the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; from Llangollen, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the and for giving adequate Compensations in lieu thereof, Finger Poll at the joining of the Road aforesaid, lead- to all the Parties having Right to such Average and ing from Oswestry to Wrexhamis in a ruinous Condi- Stray respectively; and for dividing and inclosing the

tion, narrow in many Places; and the said Road can- said Common and Moor, and for the other Purposes

not be repaired and widened by the ordinary Method prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, at or near Whithurst's House, through Llangollen, to the moll proper and commodious joining of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Duyrorch; and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Poll at the joining the Road leading from Oswestry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: And that the I ord Clive and Mr. Clive do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Carmarthen

Roads.

therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfartion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County and County Borough of Carmarthen, whose Names are His Majesty, that He will be graciously pletfed to give thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Com- Directions that there be laid before this House, an

' Estimate

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road leading from the Fourteen-Mile Stone in the

Blockhouse to the Bear Inn, in Hadley aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through shall appear to them, to the House: Llandovery, to , in the Parish of Llan-

And it is referred to Mr. Byde, Mr. Dowdejivell, dib-vawr,-, and from thence by Clrdf tilth, and over Didefs Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Sir Mat- Bridge, to the Town of; and from the

theiv Lambe, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Rice, said Town along the Poll Road by Rhuyradar, through Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of

Cujl; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ....

of Middlesex, Hertford, Huntingdon, and Bedford: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

Saint Clears to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Rice, Mr. Cujl, and the Lord Verney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cholltt's (and oihtn) Nat.

Clifton

IsclofuK.

Attnrnies

2nd

Solicitors.

3 Geo. III. ’ 8" — 90 Februarii.

445

Estimate of the Charge of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by fitch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the several Attornies and Solicitors reading in the Cities of and and Counties of

Somerset, Wilts, Hants, and Gloucester, and other Cities

and Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, was presented to the House and read} Reciting, That by an Act made in the Second Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, it is enacted, That no Person shall be permitted to act as an Attorney, or sue out any Process in any Court of Law, unless such Person shall have been bound by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk for Five Years to an Attorney duly sworn and admitted is One of the Courts at r; and such Person, during the said Term, shall have continued in such Service; and also, unless such Person, after the Expiration of the said Five Years, shall be examined, sworn, admitted, and inrolled, as in the said Act is particularly directed; and alleging, that the Petitioners, in Conformity to such Law, were respectively bound by Articles of Clerkship for the Term of Five Years, and considerable Sums of Money were advanced by them to their respective Matters, <as a Consideration for the Education und Instruction they were to receive, and, upon their Admission, paid a Duty of Six Pounds to the Government; and that the Petitioners always apprehend, that the preparing Conveyances of all Sorts has. Time immemorial, been as much the Butt-ness of Attornies and Solicitors, as commencing or defending Suits at Law or in Equity, but that Part of the Petitioners’ Practice hath of late Years been greatly reduced, by the Interference of Schoolmasters, Parish Clerks, and others, not skilled in such Matters; that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by patting the aforesaid Law, the Legislature intended that the Business and Profession of an Attorney and Solicitor should be conduced by Men who had, by their Education, gained Knowledge and Experience therein, and which would prevent the Disorder and Confusion which the Property of Men woidd be subject unto under a contrary Direction; and therefore conceive, that the Mischief in this Particular is equal to any provided against by the aforesaid Act: And therefore praying the House to permit a Bill to be brought in for retraining Personsfrom drawing, writing, or ingrotting, finishing or perfecting, any Deed, Conveyance, Assign-"ment, Mortgage, Lease, Articles of Agreement, A-wards, or any Writing or Instrument whatsoever, to be written or ingrotted on Stamps, who shall not be a Barrister at Law, or an Attorney or Solicitor, legally admitted according to the Act above mentioned, or Persons by them immediately employed, or who shall not be of the Scriveners Company in the City of London, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and South Sea, and other public Companies or Offices, or employed of concerned in Business relative to any Bodies corporate or collegiate.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Dowdejzcell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fane, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mar obey, Sir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Price, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. coyne, Mr. Sandys, Lord Grey, Mr. Harvey, Lord Clive,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Edmonsion, Mr. Sir Tur-

ner, Mr. Cujts and all the Gentlemen of the Long

Vol. 29.

Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Accounts;

Friday)atl," That the Treasurer of Hospi-

" tai do lay before this House, an Account of what Mo- V " nev has been received by him on Account of the said " Hospital, from Christmas 1760 to 1761; and

" from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1762; and how the " same has been applied; distinguittiing each Year;

" and all'o how many Men have been maintained and <c cloathed in the said Hospital, during the said Years;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of what Money has been received for the Use of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1760 to 1762, and how the same hath been applied; distinguishing each Year; and likewise an Account how many Men and Boys have been maintained and cloathed in the said Hospital, and for how long, during the said Years.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Marine whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His forces. Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had ditefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Mawbey have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

Atid he moved the House accordingly: And An ingrotted Bill for Naturalizing John and

Michael IViegand was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing John D'Orville and Michael Wiegand,

Ordered, That Mr. Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

D’Orville

and

Wicgand'y

Nat.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrOw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 9* Februarii;

Anno 30 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwarden, and prin- Canterbury cipal Inhabitants of the Parish and Parish Church Ct.urcfc. of Saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Church is situate in the Middle of the Chief Street of the said City, by which the Pattage is rendered too narrow, and very inconvenient and dangerous; and alleging, that a considerable Sum of Money has been voluntarily subscribed for taking down the said Church, and rebuilding the same in a more proper Place, and for purchasing such Houses and Lands as may be ne-Celfary for t hat Purpose, and for providing a proper Cemetry; but that such Subscription is not equal to the

5 U lowelV

44<5

90 Februarii. -^.1763.

lowell Estimate which has been made of the Expence of the aforesaid Works, nor can the same be performed, unless the Petitioners are impowered to make a Pate upon themselves for those Purposes, and unless certain Powers are veiled in such Persons as the House shall think proper, for completing the Works aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for securing to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Sticcessors, all his Rights and Dues, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mills, Mr. Lord

Burgher///, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Parker, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Sir Edmund

Thomas, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Ladbroke,. Mr. Penton, Mr Dowde/well, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wynne, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord George Cavendish, Sir Edward Bayntun ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stone Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according

Ineiofure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and ' read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scropton Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac-Inclosur* cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hffl’i An ingrossed Bill for enabling Ann Barbara HillMcd-

Mame. lycott to take the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will of Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Ann Barbara Medlycott to take the Surname and Arms of , pursuant

to the Will of Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bethnal Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Green the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-

*>oor* seers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish

of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, within the Tower Division of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and . had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the 43d Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was read: And,

Mr. George Poller being examined, said, That the said Parish consists of near 1,800 Houses, which are, in a great measure, occupied by Persons concerned in the Silk and Woollen Manufactures, and great Numbers of them by Journeymen, who take Apprentices, whereby

the Poor are become very numerous: And that the Poor’s Rates in the said Parish are much increased of late Years, and amount at present to between 13 and 1,400 I. per Annum.

That about One Third of the Houses in the said Pari fh are let out into Lodgings, or separate Apartments, and pay nothing to the Poor’s Rate, there being no Power to compel the Landlords, or I ^eafeholders of such Houses, to pay it; and that if the Tenants in the divided Houses were to be rated, they would thereby gain Settlements, by which means the Parish would be great Sufferers; and that the rating such Tenants is attended with many other Difficulties.

That the Want of a proper Workhouse within the said Parish, with sufficient Power to compel such Poor to work as are able, and to provide for the Support of the Aged and Infirm, is One Cause why the Poor’s Rates are continually increasing; and is likewise very inconvenient, on account of the Poor being continually loitering and wandering about the Streets:

And that if Power was given to build or purchase a proper Workhouse, and to furnish and regulate the fame, for the better Relief, Maintaining, Employing, and Governing the Poor; and to borrow Money, and make Rates, for those Purposes; and to charge the Landlords and Leaseholders, who let their Houses out in Tenements or ready furnished Lodgings, with the Payment of the Poor’s Rates; thelnhabitants of the said Parish would be more equally taxed, the Rates would be lowered, and many of the Poor would become useful to the Public.

Mr. Paumiere being examined, said. That the Mailer Weavers would be able to furnish Work for such Workhouse, as they give out their Silk to be manufactured.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthno, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir William Beauchamp and Mr.

Gascoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set, being Owners and Proprietors of, and inti tied to, several Lands and Grounds lying contiguous to the Hamlet or Village of Maf-brough, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are Four several Pieces of Open Common Ground, or small Tracts of Land, called Masbrongh Common and the Cluft, Masbrongh Green Walk, Mill Moor, and Pool Green, containing Forty-eight Acres, or thereabouts; and also several Common Field Lands, Michaelmas Land, and Meadow Grounds, lying near and contiguous to the said Village or Hamlet, and in the said Parish of Rotherham, called Heanlcy Field, Upper and Lower Masbrongh Field, Back Lane Field, Ley's Croft, and Masbrough Meadow, containing ThirtyAcres or thereabouts; that Thomas Earl of Effingham is Lord of the said Manor of Rotherham, and Impropriator of the Rectory, and Patron of the Advowson of the Parish Church of Rotherham, and as such intitled to all the Tythes, both great and ftnall, arising or renewing within the said Manor and Parish, other than and except certain small Tythes, Duties, and Payments, which are ascertained and payable to the Vicar of the said Pzr-rish Church for the Time being; and that the said Earl of Effingham, William Earl of Besborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and others, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Grounds, or Tracts of Land, called Masbrough Commonandt\ieCLuJl, MasbroughGreenWalk, Mill Moor, and Pool Green: and they with several others of the Petitioners, are, by an ancient Usage or Custom, intitled to, and do respectively claim a Right of Common for their Cattle, in, over, and upon the said Common Grounds or Tracts of Land called Masbrough Common and the Cltifl, Masbrough Green Walk, Milt Moor, and Pool

Green,

Mafl>ro>ugh

Indofurt*

Goog1

3 Geo. III. f Febrtiarii.

447

Green, at all Times of the Year, by a determinate Stiut; that the Lands and Grounds of the several Owners and Proprietors, in the said Common Fields and Meadow Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in very i'mall Parcels, and at different Places, greatly inconvenient to the respective Owners thereof; and, in their present Situation, are not so capable of Improvement as though the same were inclosed and divided, and specific Parts allotted to the respecti ve Proprietors thereof: That as the Village, or Hamlet of has,

within these Sixteen Years la!t pall, greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants, owing to the great Iron, and other Works there lately erefled and set up, and several Collieries adjoining, or contiguous thereto, and is likely in a few Years to increase more, and become very populous; and as the Petitioners apprehend, it would not only tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of themselves, and all Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, and in the several Commons, Michaelmas Lands, and Meadow Grounds, but to the Peace and Satisfaction of the Inhabitants of the said Village, or Hamlet, in general, and bea great. Improvement to their respective Estates and Properties in the said Manor and Parish of Rotherham, if the same were inclosed; the Petitioners are therefore very desirous that the same lhonld be done, and a proper Recom pence and Compensation made to the Impropriator of the said Rectory, in lieu of his Rectorial Tythes, arising out of the Common Fields, Michaelmas Lands, and Meadow Grounds, with a Reservation of all Manorial, and other Rights appertaining to the Lord of the said Manor; and that a specific Part of the said Common Grounds, Common Field Lands, Michaelmas Lands, and Meadow Grounds, respectivel v, should be allotted to each of the Proprietors, as aCompensation for their several Lands, Grounds, and Right of Common therein respectively; and that all Right of Common, in, over, or upon the fame, should cease, and be absolutely extinguished; but although such Common Grounds, Common Fields, and Meadow Grounds, will be greatly improved, and rendered much more commodious and beneficial to the Petitioners, by such Inclosure and Division, yet the same cannot be established, and rendered effectual to answer the Intention of the Petitioners, and other the Persons interested in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JSir George Savile> I a8

1 euers for the 1 eas,| Mf J 481

Tellers for the N,es.{JJ;e^ayorofW»,|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir George and Mr. Whichcote

do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Answtr Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

it Accent -^t^re^s of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be gra-ecoun. cjously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Accounts; The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from Coach and the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at rate Duties, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

A Book, intituled, An Alphabetical List of all the Persons who have given Notice of, and paid Duty for

Vul. 29.

Coaches, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 5th of April 1756, to 5th July 1762; distinguishing each Year: And also,

A Book, intituled, An Alphabetical List of all the Persons in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who have given Notice of, and paid Duty for, Plate, from July 1756 to July 1762; distinguishing what Quantity each Person has given Notice of in each Year respectively; and what Duty has been paid for the same.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Books were read. Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts;

The House being informed that Mr. Roioe, from the ^Ym^orts* Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at s‘ the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders.

An Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Scotland and Canada, in North America, with its Dependencies, as well as the Island of Cape Breton, and all the other Islands in the Gulph and River of St.Lawrence, from the Conquest of the fame

respectively by His Majesty’s Arms, to the 10th Day of October 1762; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Scotland and the Islands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Dcjirade, and Martinieo, in the West Indies, from the Conquest of the same respectively by His Majesty’s Arms, to the 10th Day of October 1762; distinguishing each Year, and each Place:

And also,

An Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Scotland and the Island of Goree, and to and from Senegal, in Africa, from the Conquest of each by His Majesty’s Arms, tQ the 10th of October 1762; distinguishing each Year, and each Place.

And the said Mr. Rowe, also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, prqfented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to whSeFfoVry. Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantities of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from the 10th of 1761, to the

iotli of October 1762.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions be adjourned.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee

of

Privilege*

See.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing noxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

L

44

io° FebruariL

J. 1763.

Totnef%

&c.

Road.

Jovis, I o* die Februarii *,

Anno 3® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1703.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Principal Inhabitants of the Towns and Boroughs of Totness and Afiburion, and the several Parities of Darlington, Staverton, Dean Prior, Buckfafleigh, liarberton, BroaIlolne, vombe, Buckland, Manual'on, and IlJington,\w the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the North Enrl of Totness to Staverton Bridge’, and from thence through Pridhamjleigh, to the Three Tons adjoining

the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of;

and from Staverton Bridge aforesaid to A liftin's Bridge; and from Totness to Cobbaton Lane End, next to IVi Cross; and from thence to Crabtree in the Parish

of Dean Prior; and from Willing Cross aforesaid to Huxhum'sCrofs; and from thence to the End of Lane; and from Simons's Tree Barn, in the Parish of Dartington, to the End of Fork Green, in the Parish of liarberton-, and from Colt, in Dartington aforesaid, to

consideralde Owner 0} 1 amis, and of Common Right Houses and Tenements, within the Parish of Sutton, in Holder liefs, in the County of York, and also the Impropriator of the Great and Small TytVies anting within the said Parish, Sir Robert Baronet, John

Grimston, Robert Wilberforce, Thomas Mould, Benjamin

Blaydes, Bobert Burton, El’quires, the Reverend Arthur BobinfonClerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and several others, (being a eonfulerable Majority in Number and Value) of the Owners of Rands and Common Right Houses and Tenements, in the Parish of Sutton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Waites or Commons, within the Parish aforesaid, though very extensive, have been greatly over flocked, and a considerable Part of them are frequently overflowed with Water, by Means whereof they arc rendered of little L'fe to the several Persons interefu d therein; and that there are also several Open Common Fields, or Parcel's of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the said Parish, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and are incapable, at present, of any eonfulerable Improvement; and alleging, That the said Rands are capable of being drained and greatly improved, and that the draining, dividing, and incloting, as well the said

Whitely Brook; are so very ruinous, incommodious, and Commons and Wastes, as also the said Open Common

narrow in several Places, that the same cannot be sufficieutly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Byde, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ellis Mr. Parker,

Barnstaple

Roads.

Carmarthen

Roads.

Sutton

Inclosure.

Fields, Meadows, Pieces and Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and the allotting of specific Shares to the several Parties interested therein, will tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and others the Owners of Lauds, Houses, and Tenements, in the said Parish: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Sir George Montgomery Metham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Plump-

ire, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ky- The Lord reported from the Committee, to

vafon. Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Lord Cary.fort, whom the B,n for d,v,dm? and mclofrag the Open and Mr. Toicnjhend, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Camp. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common %Pa* belt. Lord Verney, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr f"res’ ColTimon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Gwynne. Lord Midleton, Mr. Glover, Sir George Mont- Manor aild Parish of in the County of Aor-

gomcnj Metham ;and all the Members who serve for was committed, That the Committee had

the Counties o I Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And exammed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, same to be true ’ and that the Parties concerned had

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to - ~ ,

Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Bi,1i and t,iat the vvliole of the Lands, intended Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barn- t0be mcloled, amount to the annual Value ol£.982, Jtapte, in the County of Devon; And the same was re- or thereabouts, and that no Person appeared before the ceivtd; and read the First Time. Committee tooppofethe Bill; and that the Committee

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. had Soue through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, Port to the House; and he read the Report in his a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, P^ace > and afterwards delivered the Bill, with t e thelligh Roads leading from the Fourteen Milestone, Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V here the in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then through Llandovery, to Llydiany Gwyn, in the Parish Second Time> One hY Onej and, upon the Oueition

of LlatuUlo-vawr; and from thence by and

over Dulifs Bridge to the Town of Llamlilo-vaivr; and

from the said Town along the Poll Road, by through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir

Woodford

Inclosure.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Four Proprietors, whose Property in the said Lands amount to the annual Value of £.73 or thereabouts, who being applied to, refuted to lign

Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke: And Savile, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Bnrdet, Mr. Bertie, Mr. the same was received; and read the First Time. Mr. Thoroton, be added to the Committee, to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

and others, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of the fc* A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town veral Parities of Halkiti, Sciving, Kilken, and

of Kingston upon Hull, and of Charles Pool Esquire, a Nanrurch, in the County of Flint, is referred.

Hal*’* jfoooowi* RpuL

3 Geo. III. 10° — 11°

Account*; The House being informed, that Mr.

Hofsitai^ Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of expo fed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. An Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December

1761, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive; with the Balance then remaining: And also,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices between the 3 ill Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December

1762, inclusive: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the 3 ill Day of December 1762, inclusive: And also.

Februarii. 449

N® |. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died between the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive: And all<r

N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians on the 3ill Day of December 1762: And also,

N° 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the l lospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, oil or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 3 ill Day of December 1763, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into The Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 3 ill Day of 1763, inclusive.

The Number of Children living on the 3ill Day of December 1762, as per Account herewith

delivered, is ----- - S’34®

The Charge of maintaining whom, including Clothing, Physic, and all other incidental Expences, hath, by Experience, been found to amount to £. 7. 10. annually for each Child, amounting to the Sum of- - - £ 4°>°50

Signed by Order of the General Committee, February 9th 1763,

Thomas Collingwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Marine Mr. Clevland, according to Order, reported from the

Force*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ouellion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vox?. 49.

Veneris, 11° d Februarii; Anno 3° Georgii III. Regis, 1763-Prayers.

A BILL for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kendall, through

Crofthwaite, and over Bowland Bridge, in the County of Westmoreland, and over Cartmell Fell to Newby Bridge-, and over Eelingharth Brow to the Town of Booth; and over Penny Bridge by Greenodd, and on the Ealt Side of Arrad, to Ulverjfoneand from thence through Lindal, by Tile up, to Kirkby Irelcthwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sir Robert Long,

Mr . Sandy s, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hewett, Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Harvey, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Bacon, Sir Charles Frederick, M Mr. C/i

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Howard, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr.

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Calvert, Lord Clive, Mr.

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Westmoreland, berland, and Chester;and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

jX A Bill,

Accounts; Foundling Hhospital

Kirkby

Kendall*

&c.

Road.

45°

11

Februarii.

A. 1763.

hilu's Nat.

A Bill for naturalizing Josiah an Infant of

the Age of Nine Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Rons;,‘ Mr. Skuttlezcorth, Lord Mr. /,

Lord Lzitborough, Mr. Pitt, Sir Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. nuston, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willy, Mr. Hexcett, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Mont-

gomery Met ham, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Chetxoynd, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Richard Gh/n, Mr. Lord

Mr. Rushout, Lord George Mr. Alderman

Harlei/, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Gray, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ijong, Sir William BeauchampProclor, Mr. Wilkes Lord

Clive, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Willium Meredith, Sir Ro-

bert Ladbroke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

8<thna]

Green

Poor.

Godman-

chester

&c.

Road.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the county of : And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late

A,r,* A.. L" *_/I _ . 1 o j , 11 a A r*

Suburbs; and to mark all such as shall contain their true Contents, Rates, and Measures, with the Sign of Saint Anthony's Cross; and the said Wardens to have, for every Vessel by them so searched, viewed, gauged, and marked. One Farthing of the Owners or Makers of the said Vessels, with Power to seize, take, and retain every such Vessel which they shall find defective, and cause the same to be marked or amended, according to the true Content, or else cause the same to be burnt, and the Owner to forfeit for every such Vessel Twelve Pence; and alleging, that the Provisions of the said Act, so far as they relate to the Search and Gauging of Soap Vessels (the making whereof is a principal Branch of the Trade of a Cooper) has been, as the Petit ioners are advised, virtually repealed by the several subsequent Acts of Parliament for laying Duties on Soap; and that the Number of Vessels to be searched, viewed, gauged, and marked, by the Petitioners’ Wardens, and the Profits thereof having in consequence of such virtual Repeal been greatly diminished, and the Allowance by the said Act made for the Search and Gauging of Vessels being inadequate to the Expence attending the fame, the Petitioners about Twenty-five years ago discontinued such Search and Gauging of Vessels; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if further Powers were granted for the due searching, viewing, gauging, making, and marking of Vessels used for Sale of Ale

House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to and Beer, it would tend to the preventing of Frauds, repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying the

in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenjtantonand *T 0 ' ’ '* 1Pk

Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mawbey,

Sir Wi dliamBeauchamp Proflor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lane, shall appear to them, to the House:

Mr. Ri/ffiout, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Right/, Sir And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, the Lord

William Meredith, Mr. Bacon, M v. Calvert, Mr Fuller, Mayor of London, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sniff her, Mr. Wil- Mr. Chelunjnd, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. braham Bootle, Me. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mawbey,

Parker, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Fox, Sir Edward Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Bayntun, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir

Montagu, Lord Howe, Mr. Jackson, Sir Jarrit Smith, ard Glyn, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Tilney, Mr. Mr. Grenville, Sir George Savile, Mr. Clive, Mr. Cur- Townshend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Price, Mr. Ward, zon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cufi. Air. Lowndes, Sir Edward Air. Martin, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Parker, Mr. Clive, Hawke, Mr. Wilkes, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr* Willy, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Glover, Mr. Lord

Lord Midleton, Lord Alayor of London;and all the Frederick Campbell, Mr. Elliot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Alembers who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Coventry, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Dow'def cell. Lord Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Hertford: And they Carysfort, Mr. Walpole, Sir Robert Long, 'Mr.Chetwynd-, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in and all the Members who serve for the Cities of -the Speaker’s Chamber. don and Westminster j and for the Counties of Middle-

sex, Surrey/, Essex, and Kent: And they are to meet A Petition of the Master, Wardens, or Keepers, and this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s concerning Commonalty of Freemen of the Mystery of Coopers, Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-oew making of the City of London, and of the Suburbs of the same pers, and Records. lrrc s’ City, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting,

That by an Act of the 23d of King Henry the Eighth, A Petition of the Mailer and Keepers, or Wardens, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and and Commonalty of the Mystery or Art of Brewers, other Vessels, it is enacted, That no Beer Brewer, nor of the City of London, was also presented to the House, Ale Brewer, that shall brew to Sale Beer or Ale, shall and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have heard make any Barrels, Kilderkins, Firkins, or other Vessels, with Concern, that Complaint hath of late been made of whereby they shall put their Beer or Ale to Sale, but Frauds and Abuses in the making Vessels, whereby Beer what shall be made and marked (in Manner in the said and Ale have been put to Sale j that in order to prevent Ad prescribed) by the common Artificers of Coopers; any such Frauds and Abuses, the Petitioners have ap-and that all Soap-makers, which shall put to Sale Soap plied to the Coopers Company of London, and have rely Barrel, Half Barrel, Firkin, or other Vessel, shall quested the said Company to put the Act of the 23d of make the fame, according to the Rates, Contents, King Henry the Eighth in execution, for preventing Weights, and Assizes, as in the said Act mentioned; the Frauds and Abuses above mentioned; but the said and also that the Wardens of the Occupation or Mystery Company have informed the Petitioners, that such Ad of Coopers, within the City of London, when they fliaJI is become ineffectual for the Purpose, and that the said think convenient and expedient, taking with them one Company intended to apply to this House, to make Officer of the Mayor’s, shall have full Pow er and Au- Provision for rendering the same more effectual; and thority to search, view', and gauge all Manner of such that if proper Regulations were established for the due Barrels, Kilderkins, Firkins, and other Vessels to be making, gauging, and marking of Vessels made for made or occupied for Beer, Ale, or Soap, to be put to Sale of Ale and Beer, and sufficient Powers given to Sale within the City of Ijtndon, and Suburbs of the compel the Observance of such Regulations, the same fame, and within Two Miles Compals without the would, as the Petitioners conceive, prevent apy Occa-

fioa

Law

Ditto.

3 Geo. III. ii° Febru 451

fion of such Complaint, and greatly tend to the Credit of the Brewery, and the Advantage of the fair Trader, and would be of general Utility: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and make such Provision therein, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act passed in the 3 2d of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Neiccastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Tolls and Powers were, by the said Act, granted for repairing the said Road; and alleging, that the Petitioners have proceeded therein, but that in several Particulars the said Act has been found de-festive; and that if the Term granted by the said Act was further continued, and the several Powers explained and amended, it would be for the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Ridley, Mr Curzon, Mr MuwbMr Mr.

Rice, Mr. Glover, M r. Sandys, Sir Tynte,

Mr. Fuller, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel I no in, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Peachey, Sir Turner,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cujl, Mr. ToSir Long,

Nr. Mills, Mr. Whitworth, Nr. Fuller, Lord John vendish, Mr. Pelham, Mr. LuMr. Montagu, Mr.

WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Fitzherbe Lord Mr.

Pryce, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Delaval;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Chester, and l.ancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Nathaniel Lord Scarsdale, Lord of the Manor, and a Proprietor of Lands in Litton, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby, and the humble Petition of Eyre, Esquire, and others, Freeholders of the Township or Liberty of Litton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is in the said Township or Liberty, a Common or Waste Ground, containing about 600 Acres, known by the Name of Litton Over Moor or Common, and certain Common Fields within Litton aforesaid, called the Cow Pasture, and the Frith, containing together in the whole about 300 Acres, and other Common Fields, containing 100 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that if the said Common or Waste Ground, and Common Fields, were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Ground, and Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Curzon and Mr. Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 29.

Mr. Lane reported from the Committee, to whom York the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Streets, *c* City of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants of the said City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter's within the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Ward, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the said City, Suburbs, and Liberty; that the Streets are at present very ill lighted; that the Pavements and Highways are in very bad Repair* and not sufficiently cleansed; that Passengers in the Streets are much annoyed by Water falling from the Tops of Houses, through Spouts of different Lengths; and that Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Draymen, working for Hire, are not at present under any Regulation, which often occasions Impositions on the Public:

And he further said, That if Power was given to prevent such Inconveniences and Annoyances, it would be highly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said City, and all Persons resorting thereto.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. William Agar.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter within the said City, and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same: And that Mr. Lane and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom Clifton the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement *nc*ofuf for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures situate and being in Boot ham, in the Suburbs of the City of York, and in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, or either of them; and also for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; and for giving adequate Compensations, in lieu thereof, to all the Parties having Right of such Average and Stray respectively; and for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Moor, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was recommitted, That the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Mrs. Mary Thornhill, who is entitled to Right of Common upon the said Lands, and who, having been applied to, desired to be excused signing the Bill, but said she had no Objection to it; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pugh Price presented to the House, according Offlce* to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- EmploTm, BK ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others,

who

452 nd — 140 Februarii. 1763.

who have omitted to register or-deliver in their Qua- Clifton, in the County of York, and in Hoof ham, in the lifications within the Time limited by Law; and for Suburbs of the City of York; and for dividing and in-giving further Time for those Purposes: And the same doling the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid. was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ixrrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Public llefolved. That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Mr. Alderman presented to the House, ac- D;:kc of

Accounts. night, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole cording to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Lands, To- Bcdiorc j Iloitfe, to consider of the moll proper and effectual nements. Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of

Method of examining, taking, and Hating the Public Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and el few here, in Xaviitock.

Accounts of the Kingdom. his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for settling and

alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Value, to be ilining out of the Lands and Tenements

and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Supply granted to His Majesty; - First Time.

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it stood on the " 3 ill December 1762," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinjonreported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

llefolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

_ .°{ Elections be adjourned.

Privileges

Election*. And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun<zy I die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

Clifton \ N ingrossed Bill for confirming and dlablishing an Inclosure. f\_ Agreement for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures situate and being in Bootiuun, in the Suburbs of the City of York,

and in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, or either of them; and also for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; and for giving adequate Compensations in lieu thereof, to all the Parties having Right of such Average and Stray respectively; and for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Moor; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures in the Township of

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl of Harbonle

Northumberland, Lord of the Manor of in the Indofui*.

County of Northumberland; and the humble Petition of divers Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That there is within the said Manor a large Common Moor, called Harbottle Common, which would be of much greater Value if the same was divided, and set off, in separate and distinct Allotments, auiongst the Lord of the said Manor, and the several Freeholders having a Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing the said Common Moor, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Delaval and the Lord Burgerjh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- Caniwthai pair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to in the

Parish of Landilo-vawr; and from thence by

and over DtileJ's Bridge, to the Town of;

and from the said Town along the Poll Road by radar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clear's, to Tavern Spile, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rice,

Lord Cary.fort. Lord John CavendMr. Bacon, Mr. , Dowdeswell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Morgan, Lord Vi Mr. Sir RalphMilbank, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sandy;,

Mr.IF ard, Mr. SliiJJner, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Rojs, Mr.

Vane, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Shelley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pelham, Lord Malpas, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Montagu, Lord Bateman, Mr Brudenell, Mr. Chetwynd,

Ellis Cunliffc, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Calvert, Mr. VanJit-tart, Mr. Evelyn, Mr -Gray, Sir Kendrick Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of and for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, anti Monmouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open ami Scmpm* Common _ Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Inclokw. Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scrap-ton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Buller, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Sandys,

Major General Lambton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Delaval, Mr.

Kynafon, Mr. IVilly, Mr . Shiftier, Mr. Ianvtides, Mr.

Rice, Mr. Ward, Mr. Shelley, Lord John,

Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Scott, Mr. Cocks, Mr

Alderman

k,

3 Gyo. III.

14* FebruariL

455

Neal'*

Marriage

Scitlcmcut.

Alderman Dickinson, Sir Jarvit Smith, Mr.

Sir John Philips, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Mr.

hend, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ed-

mnnjton, Mr. Robm/on, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Sir Frauds Drake, Mr. wynd, Lord Frederick CavendijMr. Vane, Lord dleton, Mr. Dmvdeficell, Lord Grey, Mr. Lord

Bnrghcrfh, Lord Villiers, Sir Wyndham Knatchbidl Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, S Leicester, and Not-

tingham :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jackfonreported from the Committee, to whom

the in 'rotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanael Neal, Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for making the same more effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage, was committed. That the Committee had examined

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr*

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act fot* Naturalizing Rodolph Nicholas Chailletand Abraham Du Bois; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to Sir Francis Drake, Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon Friday the 17th Day of December latt;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

Chaillet and Du Boit’ Nat*

Privilege.

Woodford

Inclosure*

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be to indemnifyjustices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, ~ and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted

to register or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whble House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an inlirurtion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or.

Office*

sod

Employment!.

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Clauses, for the Allowing of further Time to make and

C-T.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Cdo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bulbeck

Inclosure.

A Petition of George Baker Esquire, Lord of the

file such Affidavits as have been omitted to be made and filed, of the Execution of Contrarts in Writing, to serve as Clerks to Attorneys or Solicitors, within the Time limited by Law.

A Petition of the Commissioners for puttingin E*e. cution an Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the

r, r d i k n» e \r Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty

Barony or Manor of Bulbcck, in the County of JW- the Parish ofSalutGiksmA'FM.sdt

thumberland, and also of the several Freeholders and ~ .<-- - -

Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

in the said Barony or Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon a certain Common or Trart of Waste Land herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That there is a large Common or Moor, or Trad; of Waste Land, within and belonging to the said Barony or Manor, containing, by Estimation, 12,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the fame, which in its present Condition is of very little Use or Service, may be divided, inclosed, and set out and allotted unto, and Amongst. the Lord of the said Manor and the said other Petitioners, and the other several Freeholders and Land-owners intitled to Right of Common on the fame: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to

bring in a Bill for the Purposes a fore said, under such

Regulations, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall feern meet.

George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Mand for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; being ottered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made Progress in performing and executing the Powers and Trusts reposed in them by the said Art; in doing which they have expended, and engaged by Contraband otherwise to pay, the great eft Part of the Monies already granted them for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, notwithstanding the Petitioners have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality; and alleging, that although the Works di reded by the said Art are very extensive, the Petitioners hope to make a considerable

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, , c . - w rn ,.

pursuant to the Prayer of thef, id Petition? And that. before the neat Meet, ng of Parliament;

Major General Umblon and Mr. Ridley do prepare. grant-

A I r /wl nv l,nrham0nt ic mQnpmiafp th&rotn nrht/>h molrac if

Sutton

Inclosure,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inch ft ng and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holder-ness, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 29.

ed by Parliament is inadequate thereto, which makes it indispensably necefl’aryfor them to apply to the House for such further Monies as the House judge necessary, to enable them to perform the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sum of Money, towards enabling them to complete the Trulls reposed in them by the said Art, as to this House shall seem meet.

5 Y Ordered,

454 14* — 15° Febrtiarit. A. 1763.

Ordered, That said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Akferman Dickirtfonaccording to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Com-ftiittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is ftsfolloweth; m.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to fa-tj*fy all the Debentures payable out of his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the 31st Day of December last, and remain undischarged,

amounting to the Sum of Five hundred Ninety-five

thousand Four hundred Twenty-three Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence.

The said Refolntiou being read a Second Time, was,

?pon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the ioufe. 1 ,

W*yt The order of the Day being read, for the House to ad Mcaai. fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered That the Paper, intituled, " State of the " Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it flood on 31st y December 176a," be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other order of the Day being read; fapply. . Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii) 15* die Februarii \

Anno 3* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763.

- Prayers.

Stone A PH -L for dividing and inclosing S

IncUtnrc. d\. within the Manor and Parish of Slone, in the Count y of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ddtvdijicell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ward, Mr.

worth, Sir Robert Long, Mr. JackJ'on, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Warren, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Kynajlcn,'S\r Edioard B Mr. Folej/, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mawbey, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sir William

Meredith, Mr. Shift ner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wo reefer, Salop, Stafford, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Child’s Sir Robert Ijing reported from the Committee, to Nat- whom the Bill for Naturalizing Josiah Child, an Infant of the Age of Nine Years, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ' Bill, a'nd found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill ih at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of Peter t-egh Esquire, Lord of the Mar Lowtoa nor or Township of Ijowton, in the Fee of Mackerfeild, lucbtur*. and in the Parish of Winwick, in the County of Lancaster, and of the Reverend, Thomas Stanley, Clerk, Doctor of Laws, Retto. of the Parish Church of Winwick aforesaid, in Right of the Chapel of Lowton aforesaid,

Thomas Blackburne, "Esquire, Edward John Bent,

and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are large Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the said Manor or Town-ffiip, which at present afford little Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvement; and would, if divided and inclosed, so as that they might be converted into Tillage, be of great Advantage to tr.e Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Robert Long, and the Lord

Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Froggatt Esquire, Lord of the Afllty Manor of Afley, in the County of Lancaster, and of ^nclo^ur*’ Matthew Lyon, Richard I Vhitehead, Josiah Sa-

muel Arrowfmish, John Mort, and several other Persons whose Names are subscribed, being Owners, Lessees, Possessors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient,

Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor, and the Township of Afiley aforesaid, and in respect thereof intitled to Right of Common upon the Commons or Waste Grounds, and Right of Turbary within the Manor and Township of Afiley aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are also subscribed, who, in respefr of ancient Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, or otherwise, are interested in, or intitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons or M ade Grounds, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Blackmoor, Ajiley Green, Afiley Common, -

ton Common, and Marfiey Green, and divers other small

Parcel of Common or Waste Grounds, containing 120 Acres, and upwards, the Measurthere customarily used being Eight Yards to the Rod or Pole; and also a large Parcels of Moss Ground, called Chat Moss, and a Close, or Parcel of Land, called the Close, which was

several Years ago inclosed from the Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township, and for which a Cottage or Chief Rent, of Four Pence a Year, hath been paid to the Lord of the Manor by the Occupier for the Time being, who, at his own proper Costs and Charges, hath repaired, maintained, and amended a certain Platt in Afiley aforesaid, called Fleet and

a Road or Way leading therefrom, called the Road, and the Ditches on each Side thereof, as a further Consideration of his being permitted to hold and enjoy the said RindleCloJe, which is of the yearly Value of Three Pounds and upwards; and alleging, that the said Commons, or Waste Ground, at present affordlittle or no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements; and the same would, if fevered, divided, inclosed, and allotted, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility; and if the said RindleCloJe was to be let, and the Rents and Profits thereof applied towards the Repairs of the said Platt and Rindle Road, and the Ditches thereof, and other public Roads within the said Manor and Township, it would be of public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bil

' . for

3 Geo. III.

15° Februariu

455

u>

for the Severing, Dividing, Inclosing, and Allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcel of Moss Grounds aforesaid; and for demif-ing and letting the said Close, called the in

such Manner, and under- such Regulations, as to the House shall fecm meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur

in many Places very narrow And incommOdious And that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Methods pre&Sribed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Tot-

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Lloyd and

Sluittleworth, Mr. I*egh, and Sir George Warren, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cambridge to Ely Roa«l.

Iff!

iUA

The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to -whom the Petition of several Gentlemen retiding in the University and Town of Cambrid, the City of Ely, and divers other Towns lying upon or near the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and front thence to , in the

Count wo f Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto sub-

foribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Henry Morley Esquire said. That the Road from the South West Comer of Saint Giles's Chuid the Town

.of Cambridge, to a Place called Strelham Fand from

thence unto the first House in the Town of Soham, in the County of Cambridge, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be amended, widened, and

Mr. Serjeant Hewitt presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, Causeways, Lanes, and Passages, in the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs , for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there: and the same was received j and read the First Titpe.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

CoveUtty

Street*.

A Bill for making a navigable Cut from the,

at or*near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvmgham, in the County of Lincoln s and for making the said River navigable from thence, to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County: was readaSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. 'Jenkinson, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ser jeant Hewitt, Sir Roger Nexvdigate, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert

Mr. Kynaftpit, Mr. Calvert, Fuller, Mr; , Mr.

Ryder, Sir Ffunds Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Glover, Mr. Sandys, Mf» Ward, Mr. Mr. , Mr*

Tettrty

Canal.

kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; Mr. Darner, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wynne’, Mr.

and that, in order to render the said Road more safe Sir Edioard Bapitun, Mr. Cust, Sir John

Neil’s

Marriage

Settlement.

and convenient, it is proposed to purchase Stretham Fern/, and to build a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near the said Ferry; which, together with the Repairs necessary to be done to the Road, will amount to a considerable Expence.

The Reverend Mr. Gooch, Prebendary of Ely, con-iirmed the Evidence given by Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely and from thence to Soham: and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Feiry, in the County of Cambridge: And that the Lord Mr. Jetty ns, and Mr. Cadogan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanael Neal, Gentleman,

bans, "Mr. Waller, I/jrd John Cavendijhy. Mr. Dowdef-tpell, Sir Edward Winningtoit, Mr. Chaplin, Lord Ad-

vocate of Scotland, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edmund Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Dempster ,* and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Warren reported from the Committee, to Nightingale* whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Char nock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

and Elizabeth his Wife, and for making the same more House; and he read the Report in his Place: and af.

effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,'lliat the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

i TofnWs, ie. ! Rom.

Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

and principal Inhabitants of Towns and Boroughs of Tofness and Ashburton, and the several Parishes of

Darlington. St avert on, Rattery, Dean Prior,

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Repost was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the question severally put thereupon, except One of them which was disagreed to, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act made m Making the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King of Bread; leigh, Harberton, B roa dhempfone, Ilolne, Wideeombe, Geor the Second, intituled, an Act for the due Mat-Buckland, Mannaton, and Ilfington, in the County of ing of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affiae

Devon, was referred. That the Committee had examined thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the feme relates tp to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the that Part of Great Britain called and for

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of ferwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the United Kingdom; was read a Second Time, the same was read.; and is as followeth; viz. llThat the Bill be committed to Lors Ad-In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, vacate of Scotland, Sir Alexander Gilmpur, Sir Edioard Air. Thomas Lane being examined, said. That the Roads Turne, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Vincent, -

described in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and worth, Mr. Air. Hume, Mr. Whitworth, Air.

V ot. 2Q. ' Rollon,

45 6 15° Febru. 1763.

Bob an, Sir Edward Winning Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward

Bayntun, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Lord George Sackville, Mr. M r. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Mr. Ki/naston, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Parker, Sir Roger Newdigate Mr. llewett. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Lord Orwell, Mr. Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Digby, Mr. Slnffier, Mr. Waller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Dempfler, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Gray, Iwrd

John Cavendish, Mr. Ward; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Chaillet An ingrossed Bill from the I^nrds, intituled, An Act DuBoU’ ^or Naturalizing Rudolph "Nicholas' Chaillet and Abraham

Nat> Du Bois, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Broad A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Wheels and Farmers of the County of whose Names

Hufo1 dr are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, au and read; Setting forth, That as the Laws now (land the Petitioners are restrained by certain Penalties fromi drawing Waggons or Wains, having Wheels of Iefs Breadth than Nine Inches, with more than Four, Horses; or any Cart with Wheels of less than the same Breadth, with more than two Horses, or Four Oxen, upon any Turnpike Road, which the Petitioners have found very inconvenient and dillrefling to them, in their carrying on of their Husbandry, and Farming Business: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Town

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Edw Turner, Mr.

lleworth, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. ner, Mr. Whately, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Mr. Parker, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hume, Sir George Mr. Saiidys, Lord Orwell, Mr. Jackson, Sir George Warren, Mr. Buller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Butler, Lord Midleton, Mr Foley, Nit.Cocks, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Lord Strange, M r. Vincent,

Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Edmonflon, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Calvert, Lord Burgherjh, Sir Edward Winnington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Salop, Stafford, Gbucester, Surrey, Hereford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, presented, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land in the . County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto sub-

w:t rawn. was presented to the House, and read,

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Barnftapie A ®il1 for retiring, widening, and keeping in Re-Road*. pair, several Roadsleadtngfrom the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 'that the Bill be committed to Mr. Clevland, Nit.Parker, Mr. Cooke, Nlr Warren,

Mr. Shultleworth, Sir Robert Long, Nit. Adams, Mr. Ed-monflqn, Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Boone, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Bayntun,

Mr. Kynaftonfsur William BeauchampProflor, Nlt.An Jon,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Buller, Sir Richard Wanoick Bampfylde, Nlt. Harris, Sir Mr. Shiff-

ner. Lord Carysfoi t, Mr. Fpnereau, Sir Henry,

Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and

Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

APetition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Barnstaple Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of Barn- Roads. staple, South molton , Northmolton, Chittlchampton, leigh, East Buckland, West Buckland and Landkay, in the County of Devon, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from molton to KcrfcotlHill, in the Way to Barnstaple aforesaid, is included in an Act lately passed for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Devon, and that a Toll Gate is erected on the said Road, by Means whereof no Horfq or Carriage can pass from Soulhmolton to Barnstaple without paying the Tolls or Duties made payable by the said Statute; and that the Distance from Southm to Barnstaple is about Eleven Miles, and no more; Six whereof are to be repaired by the said Statute; so that only Five Miles of the whole Road between Southmolton and Barnstaple remain to be repaired by the Statute Work, Two of which have already been made so commodious, that Carriages can pass with the utmost Safety; and that One of the other Three Miles is aCaufeway within the Parish of Taioton Bishop, and maintained by particular

Persons by Reason of the Tenure of Lands, and that the other Two Miles are now far from being in badRepair; and alleging, that the said Five Miles, beginning at Kerfcott Hill aforesaid, where the Southmolton Turn pike Road ends, and leading from thence through the said Pari Hies of Swymbridge, Landkay, and Taw ton Bishop,

to Barnstaple, can all be sufficiently amended, kept in good Repair, and made commodious by the Laws in being, and that the Statute Work is more thantsufficient to do the fame; and that the Petitioners are inr formed, that Application is made for a Bill for making, repairing, and amending certain Roads leading from the said Town of Bani/taple, and that the said Road, or

some Part thereof, leading from Kerfcott Hill aforesaid, to the said Town of Barnstaple, is to be included in such Bill, and a Toll Gate erected on that Road, by Means whereof the Petitioners will be obliged to pay double Toll for passing only from Southmolton to Barnstaple, and divers of them will not be able to go to the latter without paying a single Toll, and not passing on any Part of the f.iid Road intended to beincluded in the said Bill, which will greatly distress the Inhabitants of Barnstaple and Southmolton: And therefore praying, That the said Road leading from Kerfcott Hill aforesaid, through the said-several Parishes of Swymbridge, Landkay, and Taioton Bishop, to the said Town of Barnstaple, may be exempted, and not included in the said Bill; and that no Turnpike or Toll Gate, be erected, so as any Toll be paid for any Sort of Cattle or Carriage whatsoever going or passing the said Road leading from Kerfcott Hill aforesaid, where the said Southmolton Turnpike Road ends, thro’ the said several Parishes of Swymbridge, Landkay, and Tawton Bishop, to the said Towni of Barnstaple, or from that Town through the same Parishes to Kerfcott Hill aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may

have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet; and be heard by Counsel, if it shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, is committed, and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the fame

3 Geo. III. 150 — i6c

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bfthnal A Bill for mahitaining, regulating, and employing

Green the Poor within the Parish of Saint Bethnal

Poor. Green, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

lie 1'olced, That the Bill he committed to Mr. , Mr. Butler, Mr, Egerton. Mr. Hennikcr, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Sir

William Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Mawbey, Sir George Celebrooke, Mr. PaterJon, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Wilkes, Mr.

Staunton, Sir Roger Xe Mr. Jennings, Mr.

WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Ryder, Sir Richard

Bampfylde, Mr. Clei'land, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gas-coyne. Sir George Savile, Mr. Calvert, Sir Smith,

Mr. Child, I/ird Orwell, Mr. DoiodeJ'wdl, Lord liters; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whitechapel A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-

Streets, &c. seers of Poor, Constable, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, within the Tower Division, and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and Liberty of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish at e very numerous, and the CliargeandExpenceof theirnecefTary Support is oflate Years much increased; that the annual Rates amount to Two Thousand Pounds and upwards, one Year with another, great Part of which Charge and Expence (the Petitioners apprehend) is occasioned by w ant of'a proper Tlace, and sufficient Powers to maintain and employ their Poor; and that if the Petitioners had Leave and Power given to purchase Houses, Lands, or Tenements, and build a Workhouse thereon, or to convert any f ch Houses or Tenements into a Workhouse, and stirniih and regulate the same for the better relieving, maintaining, employing, and governing the Poor, and were enabled to raise Monies for such Purposes, by borrowing a sufficient Sum of Money upon Annuities, or otherwise, as well as by Rates or Assessments, it would be the Means (in a short Time) of lowering the Taxes, and tend to the Health and Prrfcrvation of the Poor; and that the cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages, keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch, and providing for the more eaiy collecting and recovering the Money for Repair of the Highways within the said Parish, would be of great Benefit and Utility to the Inhabitants thereof; but those good Purposes cannot be obtained, without Leave to borrow and raise Monies, and other proper Powers in that Behalf: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above dated, or to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall leein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hennikcr, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Mr. Clevland, Mr. Ky nationSir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Burt'ell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rujhovt, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Lord Orwell,

Mr. Palerson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Eger ton,

Mr. Murray, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Staunton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Barrow, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gas Sir George . Mr. Calvert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bootle,

Vol. 29.

Februarii. 457

Sir George Savile, Mr. Onfloiv, Lord ,\fidlctm, M r. If Sir Alexander Giliiionr, Mr. Willy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, F.jjbx, and Hertford; and for the City of Tendon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine

Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Forces. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while ou Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, l6° die Februarii \

Anno 3* Georgii III.m Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Petition of Abraham Huber, was presented to the Huber’tN-. House, and read; Praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jarrit Smith and Mr. Barroiv do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Hanging holders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Stqf- Bridge,

ford and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; R&c* Setting forth, That the Road leading from Hanging 04 Bridge, in the County of S'/.'pfbrt/, through

laston, Roivcejlerand Crake Marfto Spath near Ut-

toxeter; and from the End of Lane to and

through Abbots Bromley, and Redware, and to

High Bridges, in the same County; and from aforesaid, to Stafford;is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, very narrow and incommodious, and in several Places frequently obstructed by Water, and cannot be effectually repaired and w uiened by the I,aws now in being; and alleging, that by an Act passed in the 28th Year of his late Majesty for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, it is provided, That the Toll to be collected between Litchfield and High Bridges, shall be applied towards the Repair of the Roads lying in that District only, which Tolls are more than Sufficient to repair that Part of the said Road, and to discharge the Money already borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and will be increased when the other Part of the said Road from High Bridges to Uttoxeter shall be repaired; and that it will greatly facilitate the Repairing thereof, and he of great Advantage to the Public, if either a Part of those Tolls, or a Sum of Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of them, tvas applied in making and repairing the said K oad bet ween High Bridges and Uttoxeter; and that by another Act passed in the last Session for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and it is provided.

That the Inhabitants of the Parities of Maith-

,field, Ellaston, and Alveton, shall not pay Toll at any Turnpike to be erected on Hanging Bridge, for passing through the said Turnpike on Market Days to or from Ashborne; and that a great Part of the Tolls to be collected at the said Hanging Bridge, are likely to arise from the said Pari dies, for which such Exemptions were provid-

ed, and from the other Parts of the Country lying between Hanging Bridge and Uttoxeter, though they will use but

£ Za fmalI

458 i6‘ Fel

a small Part of the said Road between Ashborne and Leek; and that the Trustees for executing the said lad mentioned Art, in order to extend the Benefit thereof to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and the adjacent Country, are willing to apply a sufficient Part of the Tolls anting at the said Gate, to be erected at or near Hanging Bridge, and of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, in the Repair of One half of the said Road in Length, between Hanging Bridge aforesaid, and Spath aforesaid, on having the said Exemptions taken off; and therefore praying, That Leave may he given 10 bring in a Rill for repairing and widening the said Roads, and for extending the Benefit of the said Two recited Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Sir Bichard Warwick Banwfylde, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. / am:, Mr. Fuller Mr. V(infillart, Mr. , Sir Jart it Smith, Mr. Brule, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. OnjlowMr. Price, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Sir

Meredith, Mr. Tounjhend, Mr. dray, Mr. Foley, Sir Hubert Ladbroke, Mr. Shit Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Rcbinfon, Mr. Dou'defzvcll, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grant, Mr. Milk, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Long, Mr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Chester, and Warwick And tliev are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have.Power to feud for Persons Papers, and Records.

Hanging A Petition of several of the Traders, for putting in ®rKt8e> Execution an Act, passed in the lall Sdlion of Pari iament. Road *or repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of lurk, . in the County of Stafford, from Gate, upon

Rushton Common to Conglclcnin the County of Chester-,

and also the Road leading from Blylh Mar fit, in the County of Stafford, through and

Blare, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai, by the said Act, the Inhabitants of the Parishes of M ait h field, Ella/ton, and Alvei on, are exempted from

paving Toll at, any Turnpike to he erected on Flanging Bridge, for passing through the said Turnpike on Market Days to or from Ashborne; and that the Petitioners under and, tlmt Application is intended to be made to Parliament for repairing the Road from Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Spath, near and

from Uttoxeter to 11 igli Bridges, in the said County; and alleging, that if the Exemptions granted to the said Parishes were taken off, the Petitioners are willing to apply part of the Tolls aiifing at the said Gate, at or near Hanging Bridge, in repairing half of the new intended Turnpike Road, between Hanging Bridge and Spath aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House thall rfeem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the lad preceding Petition is referred.

Lawton A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and and Villages therein after mentiond, and of several Road" others, Merchants and Traders, redding in the Town of Keivcajlleunder Lyne, whose Names are subscribed,

was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Red Bull in Lantern, in the County of Chester, to and through Golden

Hill, Tunjtull, Burslem, and

to Clijfbank, near the Town of Stoke upon Trent, in the

!9

>ruarii. 1763.

County of Stafford, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Place* iuundefoas, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be* oJIV-ctually repahed an<l widened by tin; ordinary Conrfe appointed by Law; a id alleging, that the Extremity of the said Load at each End lulls into a great Turnpike Road, namely, that at the Hal Bull, at Lawton, into the Turnpike Load lead in r towards North-xoich and Winsfurd Ferries, where the Navigation commences; and the other End, namely, Clip hank, imo a Turnpike Road leading into Uttoxeter, and so on to Willing!on Ferry, where the Navigation to (io in thorough and Hull commences, by which Two Navigations, the Materials for the Manufactures of Earthen M are, carried on in that Country are chiefly brought and conveyed, and the manufactured Goods and Wares chiefly conducted and carried to their reflective Markets, whereby great Profit and Advantage a rife, and much greater would arise, in case the said Communication between the said Turnpike Roads was made easy and passable for Carriages; that some of the Petitioners.have already subscribed, and are ready to apply immediately the Stun of Eleven hundred Pounds for and towards the Repair of the said Road, and only wait for the Power of creating Turnpikes to reimburse them, and to complete the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Rond; and that the ‘House will lake the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition Re referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine* the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagnt, Lord Grey, Mr. 7 Kynaston, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sondes, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Sir Hebert Ladbroke, Mr. Robirfon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Uidler. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Holt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Thoroim, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bydt\ Mr. V(infillart, Mr. Alderman liickirfon. Sir jarrit Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hczceft, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grant, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mills, Mr. Dcmpfter, Mr. Pri/ce, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harris, Mr. Dozedcjivell, Mr. Ward; and all t he Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Laura ster, Chester, Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lords and Lady of the Manor of Wombwell, in the County of York, and also of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Mileages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, was presented to the House and read *, Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor, or Lordship. Three uninclosed Common Fields, called Chaw I Field, Cockpit Oak Field, and Knoulheck Field, and also Two uninclosed Common Meadows, called Wombzedl lugs and Dearn Ing; and also One Common*, or Parcel of uninclosed Waste Ground, called Upper Common. another Parcel called Stubbing Cowman; and knottier Parcel called Ilemingfidd Common; which said Fields, Meadows, and Parcels of Common, or uninclosed Wafie Grounds, contain Seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging that the same are in-Value very inconsiderable, and not capable of any Improvement so long as they lie open and uninclosed: And the Vefore praying. That Leave may be given to firing in a Bill for iocloting the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Pieces and Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, according to every Performs Right and Interest therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid thut1 , dVfr.

Wombwell

inclosure.

i Gi o. III.

16° — 17" Februarii.

459

Mr. HtutUand Mr. Lane do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Maidinhead A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to w put in execution several Acts of Parliament passed in the R«!iy Fourth Y of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, and the Firtl, Ninth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to the Old Bear Inn, in the Town of Reading;and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County o; was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the several Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued-, and the Powers thereof enlarged: Ami therefore praying, That Leave may be given fobring in a Bill to continue the Tenn, and enlarge the Powprs of the said Acts, in inch Manner as to 4he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vunfit tar!, Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Sir Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ilobnf [Ah'broke, Mr. Kynaston, Lord No, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Tucker, Mr. Webb, Mr. , Mr. Gal-ext,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Holt, Sir Smith,

Mr. Bryce, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Norris, Air.

Mr. Buller, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Butler, Lord Grey, Sir John Philipps; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lift of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Nominees of the Names of the several Nominees, with their Ages, Million Act subscribed upon an Act: passed in the Fourth Year of 1 ' the Reign of King William and Queen commonly

called the Million Act, as they were delivered info the Exchequer at Christmas last, for Payment of the Dividend then due upon the Benefit Survivorship.

Ditto. Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the N umber of Nominees upon Survivorship, that have died between M 1603, and the /;th Day of January 1763; dis the Number that have died in each Year.

Resolvecdflhat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Commit fee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being road, for the Supply. House, to resolve it fell' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That tlieCopv of the Account of the Trea-furer to the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the Second Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes in Westminster, hie. to the 16th of December 1 ~6: inclubve; together with a Copy of the Account of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the same Time; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for executing an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, in Westminster, tsc. and of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners to the 16th Day of December 176a inclusive, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cora* mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sjieaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directied him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

llefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

Aud then the Ifoufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Le»« Ordered, That Mr. Speaker i/Tue his Warrant to ^rit* the Clerk of the Crown. to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a JBurgels to in present Parliament for the Borough of ces, in County of Suffer, in the room of Sir Francis Poole, Baronet, deceased.

Jcvis, 170 die Februarii;

Anno z° Georgii IRegis, 1763.

Prayers.

Wtyt The House, according to Order, itself into

*«d a Committee of the whole House, to consider further

Meant, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson ref the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted Ilonfe,

<that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol, zg.

SIR Jarrit Smith, p resentedto the Ilonfe, according to Order, a hill for Nat Iluber:

And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

R(Joked, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Right honourable William Manners, F.fiqc sire, commonly called Lord William Manners, the Reverend George Coulton, Richard Hill, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the Common and Open Fields called Saint Margaret's Fields, lying the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of I^eicester, in the County of Leicester, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each

Proprietor

Huber't

IVaf.

Saint Margaret loclofvrc.

460

170 Februarii.

A. 1763.

Proprietor anti Person interested, according to his Properly and Interest therein, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Thoroton and Mr. Heicett do prepare, and bring in, the fame

to raise and extend their Sinking Trade, to the Sonne! t of mauy thousand Families, and the great Bureau; of Seamen: And therefore praying, That the Bounty of exporting Red Herrings may be enlarged, or l bat inch further, or other Relief in the Premises, may be granted to the Petitioners, as the Hov.fc thall think proper.

O/tkra/, That the said Petition do lie upon thcT.ihl,

tVinster

Inclosure.

Ordered, That Sir George be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lords A Petition of William, Duke of Devonjliire, Nathanael, and Lady of the Manor of in the Comity of

WombwtU

Incloliirc.

Bounty

on

Red Herring*.

Lord Scar!dale, and the humble Petition of Henry

Esquire, Robert Bright, Anthony Gallimore, and others. Freeholders of the Township or Liberty of in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, and Proprietors of a certain Common, or Waste Ground, in the said Township or Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there is in the said Township or Liberty, a Common or Waste Ground, containing about 400 Acres, called Winster Moor or Winjlei' Common; and alleging, that if the same was divided an;l inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House dial I feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendi/f, Mr. Onjlozc, and Sir Henry Harpur,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and of Lmvejloft and Poke field, in the County of Suffolk, on Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Yarmouth Herring Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Herring Fishery hath been, for many Centuries, carried on at and near the Port of Great Yarmouth, in a very extensive Degree, and that many thousand Seamen have been raised by, and employed in that valuable Branch of Trade, and many thousand

York, and also, of the Freeholders, Owners, and Pronri-tors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, within the said Manor.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Hadden, in the County of Northampton, and oft he Impropriator of the Great Tythes, Patron, Vicar, and Incumbent of the Parish, and Parish Church of 11 addon aforesaid, and of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Ioinds and Commons in the Open and Common Fields and Heath within the said Manor and Parish of Weji 11 addon aforesaid, was presented to the House, anil read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners several Estates in the said Fields and Heath lie dispersed in froall Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do aril’e to the Proprietors and Occupiers 1 hereof; and alleging, that the same are very fit to be inclosed, and would be of great Profit and Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields and Heath of West Haddon aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to 1 he Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Kynqfton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Welt HntiuOZI In dot we.

The Lord Clive presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike lload be-Families supported by it; and alleging, that in this tween OJiveJiry and Wrexham, at or near Fishery there were formerly employed 240 Vessels, from through to the moll proper and com-

Thirty to Fifty Tons Burthen each Vessel, carrying modious joining of the Turnpike Road leading from from Eight to Thirteen Men, and that of late Years Wrexham to at or near Tavarn Dztyrarch; and the said Trade hath considerably declined, no more than from Llangollen, aforesaid through F.rirColliery to 132 Vessels having been employed in the I aft Year, the Finger Poll at the joining of the Road leading from owing to the great Lodes sustained by the Petitioners, Oswestry to Wrexham, in the County of And

the Filliermen not being able, with their greatest the same was received; and read the First Time. Industry, to catch above One third of the Fish they formerly caught, though the Expence on each Voyage is the same as formerly when they had great Filliing^; and that the Export for Five Years last pad, on an Average, amounts to 14,000 Barrels only, whereas the Export for Twenty Years before amounted, communibus annis, to 40,000 Barrels; and that there were formerly em-

Whitehurt

to

Ofwcfrry"

Road,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighth of King George the First, and the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at

WHtwhaptf

Roads.

ployed near Forty Sail of Ships in exporting Herrings chapel Church, in the County of Middlesex,

to the Mediterranean, which are now reduced to One and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of II

third of that Number, which has so far discouraged the leading to Epping, in the County of Essex; and for the

Merchants concerned in it, and their Losses have been so heavy, to the amount of £. 50,000, and upwards, within the last Five Years; that they are no longer able to carry on the said Trade without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Bounty on Exportation of Red Herrings is only One and twenty Pence per Barrel, although a Bounty of Seven Shillings is allowed on each Calk of Pilchards exported, of about the same Value

repairing the Road leading from the causey, in the Parish of Lowlayton, to the End of the Parish of Woodford,

next to the Parish of Chiguell, in the County of Essex i and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons frequently travelling the said Roads; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the fairl Acts, but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired.

as a Barrel of Herrings; and that notwithstanding the and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing upon great Assistance given by Parliament to the White Her- the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Terms

ring, or Brit ijhFishery, that Fishery is very greatly de-

creased, and aimost reduced to nothing; and that the Petitioners hope, in same a farther Bounty is granted on the Export only of Red Herrings, it will enable them

of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged; and alleging, that the Road from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church to Stratford Langthorne, a Part of the Roads directed to be repaired

byv

3 Geo. III. 170 Februarii. 461

by the said Acts, by reason of its Contiguity to the Suburbs of the City of London, is frequently infefted in the Night Time with Robbers, and other wicked and evil disposed Persons; upon which Account, Personscoming from the Eastern Parts of this Kingdom to the said City, as also many others residing in, or resorting to, the said City and Places adjacent, being often obliged to travel upon the said Road during that Time, are exposed to great Dangers and frequent Outrages and Violences, which might in great measure be prevented, if the said Road was enlightened, and a proper Guard kept thereon (the Expence of both which Services, it is apprehended, may be defrayed by some additional Toll upon Carriages); and that the Road from the End of the Parish of Jf oodford, next to the Parish of Chig-

ivell, through the i’ari/hes of and Lambourn, is

in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of the said Acts; and for enlightening and watching of such Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the said Road, through the said Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn; in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Anil itis referred to Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Mr. Thomas -

Jhend, Lord May or of London, M r. JenninM r.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

ham Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Sir

George B arren, Mr. Iloublon, General VIr.

Price, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Alderman

Harley, Lord Harry PoMr. Sir John

Mordiiunt, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Legh, Mr. Price, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Montagu, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Byde, Mr. Whately, Mr. Alderman Lord George Caven-

dish, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Sir George Mr. Hezoett,

Sir Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who ftrve

for the Counties of F.ffex, Middlesex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge-, and for the City of: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gofpdrt A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the

Street*. Town or Borough of Gosport, in the Parish of

Jloke, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Gosport aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town or Borough is, not only large and populous, but adjoining to the Port of Portsmouth, a great Rendezvous of His Majesty's Ships and Merchant Ships, which makes the said Town or Borough a Place of very great Resort; and that the Pavements in the Streets of the said Town or Borough are in :Ji very ruinous Condition; and the many Nui fauces, and other Annoyances therein, make it very dangerous and offensive to Persons residing in, and resorting thereto; and it hath been found impracticable to keep the same in any tolerable Repair or Order by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Paving of the Streets of the said Town or Borough, and for preventing Nuisancesand other Annoyances therein; in such Manner as to the Hoafe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidei'ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

Vol, 29.

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Totvnshend, junior,

Mr. Harvey, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Lord Harry

Powlelt, Mr. Bacon, S i r George Colebrooke, M r. Berkeley,

Sir James Douglass, Mr. Balin', Sir John Griffin

Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Iloublon, Mr.

Dr ax, Mr. Harris, Mr Whitworth, Mr. Mn

Lowndes, Mr. Henniker, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Jones, Mr. v all, Mr. Major, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Savdys, Sir Edward Haieke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Mr. Vanjittart, VIr. Northey, Lord Farnham, Mr. Martin, Lord Orwell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rob inf bn,

Mr. Dyson, VIr. Shiffner, Mr. Fane, VIr. Fox, Mr,

Walsingham, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dowdeficell, VIr. Rice,

Sir Edward Winnington, VIr. Stanley, Sir Charles Saunders, VIr. Bolton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sir John Philipps, VIr. Nefbit; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Suffer, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of William Fermor, Esquire, Lord of the chiidfwirUwm Manor of ChildJ’wickam, in the County of Gloucester, J,lc'ofure.

Rector Impropriate of the Rectory and Parsonage of i he said Parish of Childjzvickham, Patron of the Church

there, and Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands in the Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, in the said Parish, William Perryn, Gentleman, and others, Proprietors of Land in the said Open and Common Fields, and Common VJeadows, and the Re-» verend William Whitehead, Clerk, Minister of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, called Childfwiekham and Murcot Common Fields and Common Meadozvs, consist of 83 Yard Land, or about 1,800 Acres; and alleging, that the respective Lauds of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in final I Parcels, and are, as they are now used and occupied, incapable of any Improvement; and that it would be of public Utility, if an Inclosure and Division of the said Fields, VIendows, and other Commonable Places, were made: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, and allotting the same amongst the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of Lands, Tythes, and Church Dues, in unintermixed Shares, in Proportion to their respefctive Properties, in'

Lands, Tythes, and Church Dues.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that VIr. Rushout, Mr. Dowdeficell, and Sir William -

rington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Retfor, Churchwardens, Overseers Whitechapel of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Street*,

Mart) Whitechapel, in the Tower Division, and County 4c-of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of

London, and Liberty of the City of London, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House and read;

Setting forth, That, pursuant to an Order of Vestry, the said Parish.Church is now repairing at the Expence of the Inhabitants, and a Rate or Taxation hath already been made for defraying that Expence; and alleging, that, upon further Examination, the said Church is in a much more decayed and ruinous Condition than at first was apprehended; and that the Rate made for Payment of the Charge and incidental Expence of such Repairs will not be sufficient for that Purpol'e; and that the making any more Rates for immediately railing a further Simvof Money, in order to finish the said Repairs in a complete and decent Manner, will be very

6 A burthensome

17° Februarii.

A i?6$-

bnrttienfome and inconvenient to the Parish; but that if The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-Power was given to borrow a Sum of Money for de- journed Consideration of the Report which was made fraying the said Charges, over and besides what the pre- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and sent Rate will he sufficient to answer, the same would be widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in -a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Pa- the Tow nth ip of Heath , to the Bridge at the

rifli, and be a Means of the said Repairs being fiuithed Welt End of the Town of Bolton the Moors, in the much sooner, and of the Remainder of the Money want- County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, ing for the completing such Repairs being raised in a And the Residue of the Amendments made by the more equal and easy Manner; and that the Petitioners Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Se-and others have already petitioned the House for a Bill condTime, were, upon the Question severally put therefor the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor, and upon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment other Purposes, within-the taid Parish: And therefore was made by the House to the Bill, praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be for the l’urpose above Hated, with respect to the said ingrossed.

Parish Church;_and to grant the Petitioners such other

~ " to the House ilia.ll seem Mr. Alderman according to Order, re-

Ni$brinc*ld*

&c.

Ro*d.

Relief in the Premises, as meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, Constable, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of

Saint Maty Whitechapel, within the Tower Division, and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and Liberty of the City of London, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Audi appear to them, to the House.

ported from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutation which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or intitled unto,- any Debentures payable out of His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the 31st Day of December last, who shall, on or before the 25th Day of

Wajn

and

Meant.

Newmarket

to

Fulborne

Road.

The Lord Rot(fton reported from the Committee, to March next, carry the same to the Treasurer of His whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Newmarket, Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, to be certified by him or over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading his Deputy or Cashier, to the Governor and Company of to Stump Cro/s, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suf- the Bank of England, shall be intitled unto, and have, folk, was committed, That the Committee had exa- an Annuity transferrable at the Bank of England for the mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Sums due on the said Debentures, after the Rate of £.4. to be true; and that the Committee had gone through per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and tie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

of March next, payable half-yearly, until redeemed by Parliament; the said Annuities to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; and the Sums which shall be issued out of the Sinking Fund for Payment of the said Annuities, to be, from Time to Time, replaced out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

The said Refutation being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

'l he House was moved, That the last of the Refa-

Scarborough

Harbour.

lutions which, upon the 3d Day of this in Haul,

Mr. OJbaldeston presented to the House, according to were reported from the Committee of the vv hole I louse,

Bury St. kdtrmods Writ.

Public

Accounts.

Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ot dered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a hew Writ for the Fleming of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable John Augustus Jlervey, who, fntce Ins Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sitfj'ex.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Friday Morning next, to confuler of the most proper and effectual Method of examining, taking, and Hating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

16

to whom it was referred to cotifider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all the Bills payable in Course of " the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports " which were made out on or before the 31st Day of " December 1762, amounting to the Sutn of Three " millions Seventy-five thousand Three hundred and " Sixteen Pounds and Three Pence."

The House was also moved, That the Refutation which, upon the 7 th Day of this in Ham February, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That all Persons interested in, or intitled " unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made " out 011 or before the 31st Day of December last, who " shall, on or before the 25th Day next, carry

" the same (after having had the interest duo thereupon "computed and marked upon the said Bill* at the u Navy or Victualluig Office respectively) to the Tiva*

" force

k

h*.

h

a

)U

: i

t

t Supply.

5

t

b

S'- I

e,;

‘; ‘

aJ

b

of

In

of ’

rtf

id 1

A03

,10

mi

tty,

A

:d

tlM

Vic-

',v>

V;li0

3.1*

l|<4

I*

3 Geo III. ij° Februarii.

surer of His Majesty’s Navy, to be marked and cer- and Liberty of the Parishes of Saint Giles

" tided, by him or his Payrnalter and Cashier, to the in the Saint George the Martyr, Saint George

" Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall liloomsbury, that Part of Saint Andrew's,

" be entitled unto, and iiave, an Annuity tratisferrable which lies in the County of the several Li-

" at the Hank of England for the Principal and Interest berties of tile Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the " due on the said Bills, after the Kate of £.4 per Centum Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Mid-"per Annum, to commence from the 2.5th Day of March dlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and " next, payable half-yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, for other Purposes therein mentioned; more effectually " until redeemed by Parliament; the said Annuities to to perforin the Trusts repoled in them.

be charged upon the Sinking Fund; and the Sums " which shall be ill’ued out of the Sinking Fund for Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to make " Payment of the said Annuities, to be, from Time to a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

" Time, replaced out of the next Aids to be granted And he moved the House accordingly, and presented Walkingtoti " by Parliament." to the House a Petition of Henry Liddell, of London, InCl° ure*

The House was also moved, That the Resolution Esquire, and William Keif on, of Brentingham, Gentle-which, upon Mondaylaft, was reported from the Com- man, severally Lords or Owners of several Copyhold lpittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Manors in the Township of Walfcington, in the County consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, of York, and Owners of divers Meflpages, Cottages, arid was then agreed to by the House, might be read. Lands, and Hereditaments, in aforesaid, the

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read Reverend Randle Hancock, Rector of the Parish Church accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. of Waforesaid, Peter Fenby, of " Resolved, That Provision be made for enabling His aforesaid, Yeoman, and others, whose Names arethere-

" Majesty to satisfy all the Debentures payable out of unto subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in,

" His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, which were dated divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Heredion or before the 31st Day of December last, and re- taments in the said Township of Walkington.

" main undischarged, amounting to the Sinn of Five And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That,

" hundred Ninety-five thousand Four hundred Twenty- within the said Township are Two large Open, Comthree Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence." mon Pastures, one called Oxivold, the other Ant herd, or

Ordered,’That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re- Cow and Two large Woods, one called Little

solutions, and also upon the Resolution this Day re- Wood, the other East. which Woods belong to ported from the Committee of the whole House, to the said Henry Liddell and the Lord Bishop of Durham, whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and in several Proportions, but subject, in the open Parts Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, thereof, to certain Common Rights therein; and that and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Alderman there are also, iii the said Township, Three large Open,

Dickinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Common Fields, called the the Field,

North, Mr. Ofiould, Sir John Turner, Mr. Attorney and the West Field, containing together 159 Oxgangs,

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Martin, and Mr. and feme odd Lands, which lying intermixed and di-Dyson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. sperfed in small Parcels, are at present incapable of any

considerable Improvement; and that if feme of the Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Open Parts of the said Woods were laid and added to ported from the Committee of the whole House, to the said Common Pastures, as an Equivalent for the whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply Common Right therein, and the Residue of the said granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Woods was divided and allotted to and between the said Committee liad directed him to report to the House; Henry Liddell and the said Lord Bishop, in Proportion, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in according to their several Parts and Shares therein, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and and inclosed; and if the said Fields and Common Paf-is as followed); viz. tures, and such other Parts of the said Woods as (liould

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be so added to the said Common Pastures, should be Hhat the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to thrown into an Average, and divided and allotted to llis Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for and amongst the several Persons interested therein, it paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and would tend to the Preservation of the said Woods, and Lines, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the to the mutual Benefit and Advantage of the Proprietors Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the and Persons interested therein, and in the said several Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of Saint An- Fields and Pastures; and also be of public Utility: drew, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County Regulations as to the House shall seem meet, of Middle]or; and for preventing Annoyances therein; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; more ef- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that factually to perform the Trusts reposed in them. Sir George Savile, Mr. Osbaldeston, and Mr. Cholmley,

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time; do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, after the Words " Commissioners for" And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow thel'e Words; viz. " putting in execution an Act made Morning, Nine of the Clock*

" in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ReJ'olved, That the lluufe doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act made in the last Session of Parlias niont, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City Voi~ 29.

1

1

4-6+

Vienerisj 18* die Februarii;

Anno 3° Georgii III'" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Nightingales, A N ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the &c. xTL Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Ro Township of Heath Chamock, to the Bridge at the West

End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnoclc, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir George Warren do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A. 1763. j

1

ral Sums of Money owing on the Credit of the said

Acts, and that some Parts of the said Roads are in a t

ruinous Condition; and that the Commissioners will

not be able to complete the Repairs of the said Roads,

without an Increase of Toll, and a further Continuance

of the Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet -

house, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace j*

and also Canewood Latte, leading from to;

Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Block-house, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid: And that Mr. Byde and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame. S

18° Februarii.

Lowton Mr. Shuttleicorthprefen ted to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aftley Mr. Shuttleicorth presented to the House, according c o we* to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Ajlley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Glentham Mr. Which cot presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Glentham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Highgate Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the to Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto Roads1 subscribed, being Trustees aft ing under the Authorities 01 *' of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the several Roads therein after mentioned, w'as referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Acts of Parliament, One made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Ann, One in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and One in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, were read; whereby Commissioners are appointed for repairing the Road from Highgate

house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads therein mentioned, were read: And,

John Sleath, Surveyor of the said Road, being examined, said, That the Road from Barnet Block-house through Barnet to the Bear Inn in Hadletj, is very ruinous, and in feme Parts extremely narrow; and that it cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Co.u fe of Law:

That if the last mentioned Road was put under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and a finall additional loll w'as granted, they would be enabled to repair the said Roads, which would be of great public Utility.

Dr. U i!Ham Garrer, being examined, confirmed Mr.

Sleuth's Evidence; and further said. That there are feve-A5

A Bill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, Rents, Duke of and Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the Baiforth

County of Devon, and elsewhere, in his Grace John £1]4|CS Duke of Bedford-, and for settling and alluring, in lieu T4V;'flcct thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Valiie, to be issuing out of the Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Rigby, Sir Jo Mr. Byde,

Mr. Damer, Mr. Houblon, Lord Ortoell, Mr.

Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Frederick Montagu, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Hewett, Mr. OJbaUlefon, Mr. Holt, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr.

Nesbitt, Lord Verney, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harris, Mr. Chetwynd. Mr.

Neville, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Staunton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Charles Towujhend, Mr. Norris, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Glover, Mr. Willy, Mr. Cooke,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cust, Sir William Baker, Mr. Ongley, Sir William MLord Parker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Wilts, Somerset, and Bedford: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Newcjftte the rest of the Common Council of the Town of u^Lt|"e castle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Nero- w«cb. cafile upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the enlightening the Streets of the said Town, and keeping an able and regular Watch therein in the Night Time, would tend greatly to the Preservation of the Persons and Property of t he Inhabitants, and be a great Means to prevent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Mif-demeanors; and that the regulating the Chairmen,

Hackney Coachmen, Cartmen, Common Porters, and Watermen, would be of great Convenience to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Waller Blackett, Mr. Ridley,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Sandy s, M r. IJoyd, Mr.

Sir Francis Vincent, M r. 11 arris. Si r William Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. llewett, Sir EllisCunliffe, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

iMr. Egerlon, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunt,

.Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bagot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hume, Mr. Mr. Aider-

man Dickinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley; Sir Robert

Long,

stewcaflle upon Tyne Nightly Watch.

twrdfti)

Inclosure.

Rye

Barbour.

3 Geo. ill. x8* Februam. 4

Long, Mr. Harbord, Sir John GibbMr Mr.

Curzon, Mr. lVilbraham Bootle, Mr. V and all the Members who serve for the Couoties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber) and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Net castleupon Tyne, in the County of the same Town, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as are contained in the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of the Provost and Fellows of the King’s College of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Eton, in the County of Bucks, near Windfo Lords of the Manor, and Patrons of the Rectory of ,otherwise Great

Everdon, and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton; of the Rector and Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon

and Little Everdon aforesaid; and of the several Freeholders, Copyholders, or Customary Tenants, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon and Little Everdon aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and alleging, that the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation, but are very fit and proper to be inclosed and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fordividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon and Little Everdon aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that pir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Kynaston,. and Sir Thomas sPaimer, do prepare, ami bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners and Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the 10th Year of King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the gth Year of his said Majesty, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Bye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That feme of the Petitioners, the said Commissioners and Trustees, have already petitioned the House for an Act to continue a Moiety of the Rates and Duties granted by the said ibrroer Acts, and for applying the same for completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, on a further Consideration of the Trull reposed in them by the said former Acts, that feme other Powers may be necessary than what are prayed for by the former Petition; and that the said Act ought to be made more effectual, for -the purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill prayed for by the fold former Petition, for enlarging the Powers given by the said former Acts for completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the (Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it referred to Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Onslow, Mr- Kynaston, Mr. Dempster, Mr Mr.

Gajcoyne, M r.Bacon, Mr. Mr. Rice, Sir George

, Yofc.

Sainle, Mr. Harris, Sir Roger Mr. Ridley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sharpe, Sir George Mr. Nejbilt, Mr. Whittcorlh, Mr. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rigby, S\tLynch bury Cotton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Mr. Ashburn-

ham , Lord Strange, Mr. Tow Mr. Grant, Mr. Afawbey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Wkichcot, Sir Waller Blacket, Mr. Wynnes and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, SuJJeXi Surrey, and Middlesex-, and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

SirWilliam BeauchampProdor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge^ the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the First'^and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hminflow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a place called Baflngftone, near the Town of Bagshot, iii the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the first Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycott, in the Parish of in the County of

Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir Lionel Pilkmgton, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Stephens, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Sir Francis Blake Delava I, Mr. Townshend, Lord Dmne, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Harvey, Lord tiers, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Upton, Mr. Thom-Imfon, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Montgomery, Sir William Codrington, Mr. John Calvert, Lord Can/sfort, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dcmpfler, Mr. Seluyn, Mn Wilson, Mr. Noel, Mr. Webb, Mr. Barrow, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ridle>{; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingh, Lincoln, and Lan-casttr: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Coder- takers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of King William and Queen Mary, for incorporating the Proprietors of the WaterWorks in York Buildings, and for encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said WaterWorks, it was enacted, That Ralph Esquire, and others, therein named, the th n part Owners and Proprietors of the said Water Works, and the Proprietors thereof for the Time being, should from thenceforth be One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for railing the Thames Water in York Buildings, with Power to purchase, retain, and enjoy Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to them and their Successors, and also to alien and dispose of the fame; and with such other Powers as in the said Act are particularly mentioned and that an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of King George the First, for vesting

6 B the

Hrfunflo*

to

Bafincftonl

Road.

Draycott

Inclostiro.

Sutton

Indofute.

York

Buildings

Company;

4 66 i8° Februarii.

York the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Year 1730, entered into ait Agreement with the late ®u‘Ja,i|8* Trustees to be sold for the Use of the Public, and for Duke of Norfolk and Partners for an Alignment of

ompauj. gjvj0g to lawful Creditors, by determining the their Leafs of the Lead Mines of , belonging

Claims; and for the more effectual bringing in to the to Sir Alexander Murray, to the said Governor and respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Company, they thereby obliged themselves, not only to Estates till fold; and alleging, that the said Corpora- relieve his said Grace and Partners of the Lords Dilh, tion purchased several of the Estates so forfeited, and and all Covenants in the original Lease, but also to pay particularly the Lands and Hereditaments, which had a yearly Rent of £.3,600 to his Grace and Partners formerly belonged to William late Lord Widdrington, during the whole Term of the said Duke and Partners situate in the County of Northumberland-, James late Lease, which was made for Thirty Years, from the 25th Earl of Panmuir; James late Earl of Southejk; George March 1724, the First Half-yearly Payment to com-late Earl of Marifchall-, and others; situate in Scotland; mence on the 25th of December 1730; and for this an-and that by virtue of another Act, which passed in the nual Sum his said Grace and Partners were afterwards Sixth Year of King George the Eirft, for better explain- enfeoffed and seized in the said Company’s Estates; ing the Nature of Conveyances to be made to the Pur- and that upon the 17 th and 1 8 th Days of January 1731, chafers of the forfeited Estates, by the Commissioners the said Governor and Company entered into an Agree-, and Trustees acting in Scotland, and for enabling such ment, and in Consequence thereof, upon the 25th Day Corporations aslliould purchase any of the said Estates of October 1732, executed a Bond and Disposition of to grant Annuities, not exceeding the yearly Value of their said Estates in Scotland to Sir William Billers, John the said Estates; and by virtue of the Powers given to and Nicholas Paxton, for raising £. 100,000

the said Governor and Company by another Act, which Sterling, which they intended to borrow, and they passed in the Seventh Year of His said Majesty, for proposed to give the Lenders the said Company’s Bonds, continuing the Duties on Malt, 8Cc. and to enable the or Notes, for the Sums to be lent by each Individual Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York making Entries in their Books; that the Lenders flioiild Buildings to fell Annuities, by Way of Lottery, the be intitled to the Benefit of the said Security, upon said Governor and Company granted Annuities, to the which Trust Deed, Seizin, and Infeofl'ment was taken Amount of-£. 10,453. 1 ls- ocf. Sterling, being near in Scotland, and several Sums of Money were borrowed equal to the clear yearly Produce of their said whole 011 the Faith thereof, amounting nearly to the said Sum Estates, purchased in Scotland, as leased by them, which of £.100,000; Sterling, but the Infeoffinent of these Annuities weredeterminable on the Death of One, Two, Trustees upon this latter Deed, being prior in Point of or Three Nominee, or Nominees, according to the Time to that of the Duke of and Partners, a

several Agreements made with the Annuitants in that Dispute arose between them who should have the Prefe-Behalf; and for better securing those Annuities, a rence next after the said Annuitants, and Sir7£>/i«3/e?rr; Trust was created by a Deed, dated the 13th Day of and the Court of Session, by Decree pronounced in October 1727, over all the Company’s Estates in Scot- January 1739, preferred the Duke o( Norfolk and Part-land, for the Benefit of the several Annuitants; and ners, immediately after the Annuitants and Sir John Seizin, or Infeoffment, being taken on that Trust Meres, which Decree was affirmed in the House of Lords Deed, these Annuitants thereby became the First pre- the First oi May following; whereby the Creditors ferable Creditors upon the said Company’s Estates in under the said Deed oijantiary 1731, can be considered Scotland, and they, for many Years, by their Trustees, only as Handing next to the Duke of Norfolk and Part-Agents, and Factors, were in the Perception of the ners, or in the Fourth Class of the said Company!® Rents of the said Estates for Payment of their Annui- Creditors; and that the said Governor and Company . ties; and that the said Company, by Articles of Agree- contracted a great Number of other Debts by Bonds, ment, dated the nth Day of November 1728, de- Notes, and otherwise, to Individuals, several of whom mifed to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander have, in the Court of Session in Scotland, led their Garden, Esquire, certain Parts of the said Estates of Debts to Adjudications of the said Company’s Estates Panmuir, Southejk, and Marifchall, and others, at the in Scotland, for their Security; which last mentioned yearly Rent of £. 4000 Sterling; and that the said Go- Debts amount to a considerable Sum; and that the said vemor and Company having borrowed several Sums of several Debts, due from the said Governor and Corn-Money from Sir John Meres, he, on the igth of Febru- pany in the aforesaid Rights, with the Interest accrued ary 1732, obtained a Decree of the Court of Session in thereon, amounted to more than the Value of the said Scotland against the said Company for Payment thereof, Company’s Estate; and that by a Decree of the High and 011 the 20th of May then next following, the said Court of Chancery, made the 24th of October 1740, in Governor and Company gave him an heritable Boud aCause wherein John Higgins and others. Creditors of over their whole Estates for his said Debt, then amount- the said Company, under the said Deed of Trust, of ing to the Principal Sum of £. 10,433. m. id. Ster- the 18th of January 1731, and other Creditors of the ling, payable at certain Times mentioned in the said said Company, were Plaintiffs, and the said Governor Bond, with Interest from the Date thereof, and One and Company, and others, were Defendants, it was fifth Part more than the Capital, as a Penalty in case ordered that Mr. Burroughs, one of the Malters of the of not punctual Payment; and that this Debt was made said Court, should inquire which of the Plaintiffs were -a Charge on the whole of the said Company’s Estates originally Proprietors of Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, in Scotland-, and the said Sir John Meres was"seized and comprised within the said last mentioned Deed of Trust, Enfeoffed therein for his Security, whereby his Debt or Executors or Administrators of Inch original Pro-became the next in Preference to the said Annuitants, prietors, and to take an Account of what was due ’and the same was so determined by the Court of Session to them; and also to inquire which of the said Plain-in Scotland, the 13th of February 1734, in a Suit be- tiffs were Purchasers of such Bonds, or Slips for Bonds, tween the Trustees for the said Annuitants, and the at a Discountor Representatives of any such Purchas.said Sir John Meres, winch Decree is become final and fers, and what Consideration Money or Price was paid conclusive; which Debt was afterwards assigned by Sir for the Purchase of such Bonds, or Slips, for Bonds, John Meres, or his Representative, to William Lock, and which of the Plaintiffs were Creditors of the Coin-late of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the pany for Money lent, or advanced on the Pledge, dr County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceal’ed, and is now Deposit of any such Bonds, or Slips, and what was veiled in William Lock of Cavendish Square, Esquire, by really, and bona fide, lent or advanced on such Pledge virtue of a Deed, dated the 30th of March 1756; and or Deposit; and that the Bond Creditors, under the that the said Governor and Company having, in the said Deed of Trust of the x 8 th of January^. IhoVffl

N he

Geo. I1L 18 FebruariL467

bo paid amongst themselves, pari patfu, in Proportion red the Production of their Securities and Grounds of y<.rlc to their said respective Debts1, and that the said Estates, t)ebt; and praying for a Bill for carrying into a speedy Building! formerly belonging to Lord Widdrington, andfituatein Execution the said Agreement; and for authorising Company, the County of Northumberland, should be fold, and And directing the Court of Session in Scotland to pro-that the Money to arise by Sale thereof should be dif- ceed to a Sale of such Parts of the said Estates of Maris-posed of in the Manner in the said Decree mentioned; chall, and , and others, as were leased that the Money arising by Sale of the said Estate, in to Sir Grant and Alexander Garden, without the County of Northumberland, was applied accordingly, waiting the Ranking and Preference of the Company’s

and disposed of in the Manner directed by the said De- other Creditors; and setting Forth* that ail, or most of cree, except the Sum of £. 460. 19.fi fad. remaining the Debts contracted formerly by the said Company,

in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Accountant were contracted in England, where most, if net all, of General of the said Court of Chancery, which is not the said Creditors, or their Representatives, now live near sufficient to pay what remains due to the Credi- and reside; that the present Governor and . Court of tors, provided for by the said Deed of Trull of the Assistants, in order to do Justice to the several Credi-18th January 1731; and that the Annuities, which tors of the said Company, did, at Michaelmas 1759; originally amounted to £. 10,453. 11S- are now» by the undertake the Management of their Affairs, without Death of Nominees, reduced to about half that Sum; any Pay, Allowance, or Reward, though heretofore it and that the Duke of Norfolk and his Partners having, was usual to pay such Governor and Afliltants a Salary, in 1736, brought an Action of Ranking and Sale in or Stipend, for their Attendance about the Affairs of -the Court of Session against the said Governor and the said Company; and the said Governor and Court of Company, and their Creditors, which depended several AlTillants have ever fmce, with the greatest Care, At-Years, by Minutes of Agreement entered into in the tention, and Diligence, laboured to bring the same into Year 1756, by the said Governor and Company, the some Order; and for that Purpose have caused several Trustees for the said Annuitants, the said William Lock Advertisements to bepublished in the London and Edin-deceased, the Agents for the Duke of Norfolk and Part- burgh Gazettes, and in other Daily and Evening Papers nersf, and the Trustees for the said Bond Creditors un- in England, for the Creditors of t^ie said Company to der the said Deed of Trull in 1731, it was agreed come in and make their Claims; notwithstanding that Application should be made to the said Court of which Advertisements, and the diligent Inquiries they Session, for Sale of such Parts of the said Company’s have made, they have wot been able to come at a tho-Estates in Scotland as were then let to the said Sir Archi-rough Knowledge of the Affairs of the said Company;

bald Grant and Alexander Garden,aX£.4,000 a Year; and and that through the Neglect, or Mismanagement of that the Money raifcdby Sale thereof should be applied the Persons formerly concerned for the said Company j in the first Place to pay what remained due of the said and other Accidents, many of the Books, Papers, and William Lock’s Debt; and then the Sum of £. 82,000 Checques of Bonds, and other Minutes and Proceed-should be paid to the said Duke and his Partners for ings of the said Company, have been loft'or dell roved* their Debt; which Sum of f.82,000, and Interest for and for want thereof, and of other proper Lights, the the same from the 25th of June 1755, after the Rate Affairs of the said Company are Hill in great Obfcurlty, of f. 4 per Cent, his said Grace andi Partners agreed to and the Petitioners are incapable of settling and ad-accept, in full of their Demand on the said Company; julling the several Demands on the said Company; ant! and that the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale that as several Claims may hereafter be made on, and va-should be paid to the Trustees, named in the said Deed riotts Actions and Suitsmay be brought and commenced of Trull of the 18th of January 1731, to be applied against the Petitioners, on account of the Debts of the in Discharge of what remained due to the Creditors said Company, which will be attended with consider-under that Deed; and that till the said Estates should able Charges and Expences, and will greatly exliauft be fold, the growing Rents should be applied to the the Fund that should satisfy the Creditors of the said same Uses and Purposes; and that in Consequence of Company, already insufficient for that Purpose, the this Agreement, upon Application to the Court of Petitioners are desirous of having the said several Debts,

Session, the said William Lock and the said Duke of Claims, and Demands, ascertained, adjusted, and set-Norfolk and his Partners obtained an Order of Court, tied, but areincapableofaccomplifiiing this their Intern* dated the 22d of July 1757, by Consent of the said An- tion without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament; nuitants authorizing their Factor to pay over to Mr. and therefore praying the House to take the Premises I/jck, and to the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, the into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to yearly Rent reserved on the Lease made to Sir Archibald bring in a Bill for impowering such Persons as the Grant and Alexander Garden, which has been paid to House shall think proper, to examine and state what them accordingly ever fmce; and Mr. Lock, and his Estate and Effects the said Company are intitled unto,

Grace and Partners, are now in the Receipt thereof; and the several Incumbrances affecting the fame; and and further alleging, that the Petitioners find by the to ascertain, settle, ad just, and determine what is due,

Votes, that the Petition from the Trustees for the said and owing to the said Company, from any Person what-Annuitants, the said William Lock, and the Duke of soever, and the several Accounts depending between Norfolk and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadicicke, Knight, the said Company and their Debtors and Creditors, and and the Reverend Samuel Groce, Clerk, has been pre- the several Debts and Sums of Money due from, the fented to the House; in which Petition it is Hated, said Company, and now remaining unsatisfied, in such amotigft oilier Things, that the Suit for Ranking and manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Sale of the said Estate had been revived in the Court of shall think fit; and to grant the Petitioners such other Session in Scotland, and was Hill depending, and that in Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem the Course of this Process, the yearly Rents of all the meet.

said Company’s Estates had been ascertained, and the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Value, viz. Twenty-five Years Purchase, proved; but Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

that the Forms of the Court of Session admitting of no mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Sale in such Suits, until all the Creditors had produced shall appear to them,- to the House.

their several Grounds of Debt, and the particular Pre- And it is referred to Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Kynaston,

ference of each should be ranked and settled, the Execu- Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Alderman Sir

tion of the above Agreement could never be obtained in Colebrooke, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandy*, Mr.

the said Suit, but after very great Delays, especially as EllMr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir William Beauchamp

a great Number of the Company’s Creditors Hill defer- Proctor, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Lord Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Vol. 29,

4<58

Weddcrburnc, Mr Fuller*Nl Mr.

by, Mr. Gafeoyne, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Staicbcy,

Mr. DowdeJwetL, Mr. Ale/btf, Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bridge man, Mr. Mr.

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Sir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Forreder, Sir Roger Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Leg//, Wv.Waller, Mr. Grey, Mr. Dempster, Sir Charles KemysTyntc, Sir William; and

11 the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham; ami for Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A. 1763.

Plantation*, presented to the House, pursuant to their atldrefr. to His Majesty,

Rftimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nava Scotia, for the Year 1763.

Mr. Bacon affo, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expencej attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1762, to the 24 thos June 1763.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

18° Februa.

tfrs

ineiiH d

Nova Stat^ *>«( Gcorja

A

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Mr. Bacon, froip the Commissioners for Trade and

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Maintaining and Supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year .1763.

To the Salaries of the Chief Justice, Secretary, Treasurer, and other Civil Officers established in the Colony; and for contingent Expences attending the public Offices -To an additional Salary to the Governor of the Province -

To the Salary of the Agent, appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony

To the Expence of an Orphan, House -

To the Salaries of the Magistrates, and other Civil Officers established at; and for contingent Expences attending the Settlement there -

To the Seamens Wages, Stores, Provisions, and Repair of a Pilot Schooner in the Service of the Province -

To the.contingent Expences attending the new Settlements making in different Parts of the Province, entertaining Indians, and keeping up a good Correspondenee with them, transporting Stores and Materials from Halifax to different Parts of the Province, and for other

.unforefeeu incidental Charges

£. s d. 2O13-----

5 00-----

200 — — 384 1 it

574 10 —

202 9 1v

Ct

IlOO

5674

1 to

a

AN ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th. o 1762, to the 24th of June 1763.

/. s. d.

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magistrates established in the Colony To an Allowance to a Minister of the Church of England eiiabiished at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savaand One at Vernonburgh and A cion To an Allowance to the Pilot, stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands -

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indians', to Fees paid upon Monies received at His Majesty’s Exchequer, and other contingent Expences -To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trqftees for purchasing from the Growers the Balls or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it -

aiao —

50-----

too-----

350 -

IOOOO-----

4,36-----

1

’1

Ordered,

3 Geo. III. i8° — ip°

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Scotia. The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2cth Day of January of the Return made from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, to this Order of the House, for an Account to be laid before this House of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by fnpporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony in Nova Scotia, from the lit of January 1760, to the 31st of December following, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the id of January 1760, to the 3 ill of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Scotia, from the ill of

January 1761, to the 3 ill of December following.

Stone The House being informed that His Majesty’s Interest Inclosure. js concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, w ithin the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester, which Bill was, upon Tuesday lait, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Cltancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been acquainted with the Purport of the said ' Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest.

is concerned, that the House may do therein as they . shall think lit.

Certificate Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this of the House a Copy of the General Certificate delivered lall of the" Hilary Term, by the Auditors of the Imprest, into the

Impreit. Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

Supplying . The House was moved, that an Act made in the Iaft theftlh Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better *r Supplying the Cities of London and with

Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Effects of the said Act; and to consider of proper Methods for the further Supplying the said Cities of London and Westminster with Fish at moderate Rates; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Rice, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr . Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Sir

George Savile, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bridge man, Sir Rennet Garrard, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Beauchamp Proftar, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Harris, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Waller, Mr. Clive, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jatrit Smith, Mr. Wluchcot, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Perceval, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert Lad-hroke, Mr. Ward-, and all the Members who serve for the Sea Coast Counties, and for the City of And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Vdhninster A Petition of the Commifli oners for putting in Exe-Paving. cution an Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Vot. 29.

Febfuarii. 469

Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Giles the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George BloomJ'-bury, that Part of the Parish of Sa Andrew, llolboum,

which lies in the County of Middle; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lanaijlerw'such lies in the County of Middlesex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made feme Progress in performing and executing the Powers and Traits repost-d in them by the said Act; and alleging, that the Petitioners find that the said A ft is in some respects defective, and that several Alterations arc necessary to be made therein, and some new Powers to he granted, for enabling them more effectually to put. the said Act in Execution, so as to answer the good Purposes thereby imended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more efttftual the said Act, in inch Manner as to the House iliail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, the Matter thereof; and report $he fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anri it is referred to Mr. ir/ii'xco Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Ni fbitt, Mr. Chancellor of th.e Exchequer, Mr. Sh iff her.Sir Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Elliot:, Mr. Townshend, Lord North, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harris, Mr. Edmonjlane,

Mr. Holt, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fuller, Mr,

Ward, Mr. Man bey, Mr. DowJeJicell, Mr, Foueremt,

Mr. Cu/l, Mr. Tucker, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Brand, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Jl’ebb, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

De Grey, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Sir Roger

Nexcdigate, Mr. Vai fit tart, Lord Mr. Gray,

Col. Incin, Mr. Lafcclles, Sir Edward Rayntim, Lord Charles Spencer, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir

" Robert Ladbroke, Lord George and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Surrey, Suffer, and Kent-, and for the City of And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

ResolvedfThat this House will, upon Morn- vfa vs

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee the whole and Me*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refblved, That this House will, u pon Wednesday Morn- Supply*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock. v

Sabbat I, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 3° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1763.

P R AVERS

PETITION, signed by Robert Turlington and Amigallican William Sherrat, surviving Owners and Managers ^nvaicer. of the Jntigallicanlate private Ship of War, on Behalf of

themselves, the Proprietors, Officers, and Crew of the said Ship, and their lawful Prize, the Penthh-vre, a French Ship from China, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, at the Expence of£. 10,510, fitted out the above mentioned private Ship of War, of which William Foster was Com-

6 C mander.

47°

190 Februarii. 1763.

AntigaU'ean maniler, who proceeded on his Cruize from the Port Privateer. 0; lyrndon; and, on jjie 2.6th Day of December 1756, fairly and legally took the above mentioned Prize, after a long and obstinate Engagement, more than Five I.eagties distant froth any Port of the Territories of Spain-, and that Captain on the 24th Day of

"January following, carried the Prize into the Hay of Cadiz, where the French Prisoners, in the Presence of the French Consul, acknowledged the Legality of the Capture; and that, on the 28th Day of February, the Pr ze was legally condemned at on the voluntary Evidence of the Officers and Mariners;

and that on the 2d Day of March the Prize was violently taken from the law fat Captors, with the most unparalcl led Acts of Barbarity, whereby One of His Majesty’s Subjects was killed, and several wounded, by the Spaniards in the Pay of Cadiz; and that Captain Foster was hazed in the House of the Consul at Cadiz, and

forced to a very close and dilinal Prison; as also were his Officers and Crew, who were confined there several Days without any Allowance, even of Bread or Water, beiftg treated worse than Felons, though they had given no kind of Offence; and alleging, that the Governor of Cadiz restored the Prize to the French, after the had been legally condemned; and the British Colours were struck with the greatest Marks of Contempt, by treading them under Foot, kicking them about, and tearing them to Pieces; and that His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz acquainted Sir Benjamin Keens, by Letter of the 5th of March,"That he was in the greatest Consternation imaginable, because, fays the Consul, 1 have seen the Flag of my Royal Matter insulted, our Nation degraded, our Treaties violated, the Lustre of " our Sovereign’s Crown tarnithed and despised, and " my House invaded; and, as there is no Minister " here of greater Dignity than myself, I consider the " Affront and Insult done and offered to my Person, as "an Indignity on the sacred Person of my Royal Ma-- " tier;" and that the Br Consul at Cadiz, and Captain Fo/fer, protested against this illegal and arbitrary Way of Proceeding, which, Sir Benjamin Keene said,

" was so irregular, unreasonable, and unprecedented,

" that it would neither bear Light nor Justification onrl that his kite Majesty’s Minister, the Secretary of the Embassy, and Consuls in Spain, have in vain made the strongest Remonstrances against those Proceedings to his late Catholic Majesty, and the Petitioners have been put to the Expence of upwards of £. 16,000, ip endeavouring to procure Justice at the Court of Spain, and in prosecuting their Claim in this Kingdom; and that the Council of War at Madrid were appointed to take Cognizance of this Affair, but that Council was not alsembled on this Occasion till the Ninth Day. of March, when they held their first Conference; though the Prize was violently forced from the legal Captors Seven Days before, and no Opportunity was given them to make their Defence; and that Sir Benjamin Keene applied to his late Catholic Majesty for Justice to be done the Petitioners, and informed the Right honourable Mr. Pitt, his late Majesty’s then Secretary of State, He hoped the Prize would be restored to " Captain Fojier in a few Days, as the Depositions of " the Frew/r Officers were fe strong, that the French " could not have any thing to say that could prevent " her being deemed a just and lawful Prize;" and that insuperable Difficulties were laid on Captain Fojier, to prevent him from making his necessary Junifications, and he was ordered to produce all his Proofs in the short Time of Three Days, which was infilled upon in a peremptory Manner, though it was ftrpngly opposed by the British Ambassador and Consuls; and that the Governor of Cadiz, who was appointed to take the Proofs and Jollifications of Captain Fojier in Three Days, never appeared for that Purpose, but ordered his lute Catholic Majesty’s Notary at War to examine

the Witnesses fagainit the Petitioners, and refused to hear any of Captain Fcjler's-Witnesses, though lie -had a great many to produce that could have fully proved the Legality of the Prize; and that, on the First of August 1757, it was decreed, that the Penthirore and j

her Cargo should be immediately delivered to the French, without admitting any further Application; and that the French iliouid he heard with respect to the Damages resulting ircin her Detention, which Captain Fojier should he hound to answer; and that the Briiijii Consul at Madrid, on the 5th Day of August, wrote to the British Consul at Cadiz, in these Words; " Sir, The

" Complet ion of I niquity has at last taken Place, and our " Enemies have triumphed over Law, Honour, and Equity, with the Resolution that his Cat holic Majesty has " been pleased to take, by ordering the Pcnfhicvrc to be " entirely given up to the French, as I have learned from " private Information and public Report, no Cdiuinunication of this Resolution having been made to Mis Majesty’s Ambassador, though several of his Offices " upon the Subject are ftiil unanl’weied; the Ifltte of " this Affair has been so long foreseen, from every Step " that has attended it, that I dare say it. will not fur*

" prize you any more than it has His Majesty s Servants here, though no other Reason can he given for " foftrangea Procedure, than

that the British Consul at Cadiz, on the 10th Day of* August, replied by. Letter to the Consul at Ma-

drid, "That the Sentence had not l’urprized him, Us " he had long expected it would be lucii as it had " proved; but it hurt him much to fee what Methods " had been made life of, from the very Beginning of " the Affair, to bring it to such a Condnsion ;" and he declared, that a Redress for so much Wrong and Injustice shewn to the Petitioners was 011'y to be fougilt for and expededat home; and that, on me 11 th Day of Au-gujl, the Governor of Cadiz for ihlv took Possession of the

Ahtigullican, in the Name of his Catholic Majesty; in Consequence of which, the Crew were obliged to trull themselves in an open Boat, to seek Protection in Portugal; and that, on the 13th Day of Alignjl, his late Catholic Majesty issued an Order of Permiiiion fof the Fraich to fell the Cargo of the and all further Reprefeiltations that were made by th Am-

baflador and Consuls, in Behalf of'Captain Fc/hr, for a fair and open Heating, were disregarded and rejected, upon which the Petitioners entered a formal Protest against all these Proceedings of the Court of Spain; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to be! eve, that his late Majesty’s Ministers at L and and also the British Consuls in Spain, Were, ns well as His present Majesty’s Ministers are, thoroughly sensible of the legality of the Prize, and of the Injustice done to the Petit ioners, whose private Interests are itifejKirable from the Honour of His Majesty, and the Public Iu-terest of the British Nation: And therefore praying the House to take the same Of the Petitioners into-their Consideration, and grant them fuel* Relief as shall leetn meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. '

A Petition of Hugh Bethell, Esquire, Aldbrough F-squire, Samuel Johnston, and Thomas Loxclhzcaite, inclosure. Clerks, and ot hers the Freeholders and Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, having Lauds and Right of Common in and on the Open Fields and Pasture, in the Township or Lordship of Aldbrough, in Holderness, in the County of York, thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Town ship or Lordship Two large Open, Common Fields, caNed the North/ield apd Soyth field, coofiftimgof Arable, MeadoW, and Pasture Ground, containing Eighty Oxgangs and an Half, and feme odd Lands; and-also a Piece or

i Parcel

Lowton

and

iurtlcm

Road.

Derby,

eCC.

llo«d.

3 Geo. III. 19 Februarii. 471

Parcel of Failure Ground, called Clofc, which is a dinted Padure, and docked by Oxgang Right, by the Proprietors of Oxgangs in the said Fields, in Proportion to their Number and Share of Oxgangs therein; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Padure were divided and inclosed, it would be of Advantage to the Persons intereded therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open, Common Fields, and Padure aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. LajceU.es, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. and Sir

George Montgomery Methum, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bed Hull, near the Town of Laiolon, in the County of through the several Places therein mentioned, to Cliff Bank, near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend it will be more convenient to the Public in general, if, inflond thereof, the several Roads leading from the said Bull, through Kill!grew. Golden Hill, and to

lj'aac Cart lick's HouJ'e,in Burslem; and also, from

Tunstall, by Trubjhaio Cross, and the HouJ'e, down

Spurke's Hollmc, over a Common Field called the Brampton, to Mr. Lovatt's in under

Line ;and also from Burslem to Trubjkax Cross aforesaid; were widened, repaired, and amended: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con-dderation, and to do therein as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confutation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Villages therein after mentioned, and of several others, Merchants and Traders, residing in the Town of under, Line, whose Names are subscribed, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and rteport the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trullees for putting in execution an Act passed in the 32d Year of King George tie Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Derby to Ncivcajtleunder Lin the County of Staf-

ford, on behalf of themselves, and many other of the Tnitu-.es named in and appointed by the said Act, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and to explain, amend, and render the same more effectual; and letting forth, that the Road leading from and branching out of the said Turnpike Road at Cliff Hank, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, through a Part of the Village of Shelton, to Snape Marsh, in Shelton aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Lav?; and alleging, that a great Part of the Tolls taken upon the said Road from Derby to arifvs from Carriages laden with Earthen Ware, going from Shelton, and the Neighbourhood thereof, to Ferry, in

the County of Derby;and that the said Trullees are willing and deftrous to take upon themselves the Repair of the said Road from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh, and to apply a Part of their l olls in amending and keeping the same in Repair: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, wi-V91.ag.

dening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, from Cliff Bank to Snape Marsh-, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law, in l’uch wife as to the House shall feent meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom t he Petition of several of the Trullees for putting in execution an Act passed in the 3id of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from the Town of Derby to the Town of Nezccastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, is refeared: And that 1 hev do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Newport, in t he Count} of Salop, through

Dunnington, to Wellington, in the said County; and also, front Newport, through otherwise ShffnaU,

Wyke, Hem, Brockton, Sutton, and to Bridge-

north; and also the Road from Newport, through Sutton and Bridge/, >rd, to Si ({Ford; mid also the Road from

Newport, through Sutton alurelaid, and over a Common called Woodjeaces Common, to in the said

County of Stafford; are, in many Parts, in a ruinous Condition, very narrow and incommodious, and in several Places frequently obstructed by Water; and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and made safe for Travellers, by the LaVvs now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such Manner* and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, us it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sir

John Turner, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mr. Bunbury,

Mr. Dowdejioell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr.

Toa tshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harris, Sir. Elliot, Mr. Bullock, Lord Grey, Mr. Sir Edmund

Jsham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. OnjL:cMr. Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lajiilies, Mr. Kynaston. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bri dgman, Mr.

Mr. Bigby, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Edmon/lone, Mr. Sir Armine

Wodelwtife, Mr. Holt, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Gray, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Chester, and

Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Moss, Doctor in Divinity, Pec-for of the Par ilh Church of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, the Right honourable Anthony Lord Fever/ham, and Sir William Beauchamp Proc-

for, Baronet, Churchwardens of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Members of the Select Vestry of the said Parish, Sir Thomas Frederick, Baronet, on behalf of himself, and Elizabeth and Selina, his Two Infant Children, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the great Increase of Houses and Inhabitants within the said Parish, the present Cocmetry or Burial Ground is much too small, so that it is become necessary, that another Piece of Ground should be provided and appropriated for that Purpose; and alleging, that the Petitioner, Sir Thomas Frederick, is, by virtue of and under the Will of Sir John Frederick, his late Father, deceased, seised of, or entitled to, the Site of the Manor of Paddington, and divers Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held under a Leaie for

Three

Newport,

5cc.

Roads.

Hnnrtvrr

Square

liiirial

Ground.

472 190 Febru A. 1763.

Hanover Three Lives from the Lord Bishop of London, and tTiri iT f,f,ate in the Parish of Paddington aforesaid, to him the

Ground, thirl Sir Thomas Frederick, for his Life; and after his

Death to and for the Benefit of his Issue, in such Manner as in the said Will and Codicil is mentioned; and that the Petitioners, the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, have contracted, and agreed to purchase, and the salt! Sir Frederick, hath agreed to fell for aConsideration to be paid to him in Money, all his Estate and Iotereli in a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing Five Acres, lying, and being iu Tyburn Field, Part of the Premises comprised in the said Lease, and containing in Breadth, from Raft to West, Four hundred and Three Feet and Four inches, and iu Length from North to South, Five hundred and Forty Feet; and the same being convenient for a Coemctry or Burial Ground for the said Parish, the said Rctf or and Churchwardens, in order that the said Ground should be converted into, and appropriated for such I fe and Purpose for ever, have pro poled, and are willing and dciirous that such yearly Rent, clear of--alI Ded lift ions, dial I, after the Death of the said Sir Thomas Frederick, be paid for the same by the said Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, as is herein after mentioned, viz. Fifteen Pounds a Year during the Continuance of the present Lease from the Bishop of laindon, and of every subsequent Lease to be made and granted of the said Leasehold Premises, from the See of London, unto any Person or Persons claiming, or to claim the said Premises under or by virtue of the Will of the said Sir John; and the yearly Rent, or Payment, of Twenty-five Pounds to the Bishop of London, and his Successors, so long as the same Leasehold Premises shall remain in the Hands and Possession of the said Bishop, or his Successors, and not in Lease from him or them to any Person or Persons claiming, or to claim, under or by virtue of the said Will of t he said Sir John; and that there

is a small Piece of the Waste of the Manor of Paddington, lying between the said Grouud, so contracted for, and the Uxbridge Road, containing in Breadth, at the East End, Twenty-two Feet, ami at the West End Sixteen Feet; and abutting North on the said Five Acres, and South on the said Uxbridge Road, which is proper and necessary, and proposed anrLintended to be made use of as and for a Way and Passage to and from the said intendedCcemetrvor Burial Ground; and the said Lord Bishop of London, as Lord of the Manor of Paddington aforesaid, is willing that the same may be used and applied for that Purpose; but as by reaion of the Trufis or Limitations contained in the Will of the said Sir John Frederick, and the Minority of the Children of Sir Thomas Frederick, the Petitioner, the said Proposal and Agreement cannot be accomplished and made effectual, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Proposal and Agreement into Execution, and rendering the same eileftual for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Aud it is referred to Mr. Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. WhichMr. Townshend, Lord

Thomond, Mr. Stanley, Sir Charles Mr.

Sandys, General A'Court, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Shuttlexvorlh, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. , Sir Ar-

mine Wodehouse, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bagot, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Hayes, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Berkeley, Lord M idle ton, Mr. Buller, Sir James Dash-wood, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cheticynd, Mr. , Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Tcmptjl, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bull, Mr. Calvert, Mr. , Mr. Wilkes,

20

Mr. Burrell, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fox, Sir Edward 1 t

Buyntun, Mr Pitt, Lord Filliers, Mr. Mr. t!

Lloyd; and all the Members who lei ve for the Counties I

of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Surrey, and Kent; and j

for the City of London: And they are to meet this 1;

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- t

ber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and ]

Records.

Mr. Lloyd presented to the Hotife, according to To:-.ef<

Order, a Bill for amending and widening several Roads &c. j

leading from or near, the North End of the Town and Borough of Tolness,in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the Firtl ’l ime.

Jiejolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Armine Wodeho Baronet, and Lmcfom others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- Incloswe. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Difficulties have arisen in the Execution of an Act passed in the 33d Year of his late Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields within the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litc/unn, in the County of

Norfolk, and for extinguilhitig the Rights of Common or Shackage in the said Common Fields, and certain other Lands in the said Parish, called bfes\

and that the same cannot he carried into Execution for the Purposes thereby intended, unless some further Provisions are made by Parliament for those Purposes; and setting forth, that there is in the said Parish a certain Piece of Commonable Land, called North Lyng, and that it w'ould be advantageous to the several Persons iu-terefled therein, if Powers were granted the Petitioner,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, to inclose and hold the same in Severally, upon making Satisfaction to the federal Persons having Right of Common thereon; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, and render more effectual, the said Act, and for inclosing the said Piece of I.and, upon Satisfaction being made to the several Persons having Right of Common thereon, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Turner and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Caiysfort reported from the Committee, Godman-to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from God-manchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Jianton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to Kirkby whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Kendall, Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall through Cro/lh-waite, and over Bowland Bridge, in the County of West-moreland, and over CartmeU Fell to Newby; and over Eelingfuirth Brow to the Town of and over

Penny BridgebyGreemdd, and on the East Side of Ar-

rad,

3 Geo. III. 190 — 210 . 473

to Ulverstone; and from thence, through by Titeup, to Kirkby Ireleth ;was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendme nts, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till MondayNlorn-ing. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 21° die Februarii; Anno 30 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1763.

Northumberland, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenjtanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenjlanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pkayers.

jtiBraham Huber took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sutton A Petition of Thomas Broadley, James Shaw, and ladofiire. Hugh Blaydes Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of ' Lands in, and having Right of Common upon, the

Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places in the Lordship of Sutton and in

i in the County of York, was presented to the House,

|, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are informed

a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places; and that if the same should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, it will greatly affect and prejudice their Property: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, agaiuil such , Parts of the said Bill as assess and prejudice their Pro-

j perty; and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law

as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holdernrjfe, in the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

!^Hwbo°U&h Bill for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the ur’ Powers, granted by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and 25th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Osbal-deston, Mr. Kynafon, Lord Grey, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr.

I Ward, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Mr. Staunton, Lord

! Carysfort, M r. Barker, Si r George M r.

I Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr Mr.

I Montagu, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Sir Edmund Isham,

1 Mr. Tucker, Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Amy and, Mr.

Chaplin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fonereau, Colonel

Fitzroy, Mr. Maxobey, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Shiftier, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Ilenniker, Mr.

Mr. Jones, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Mr. Ser-

jeant Hewitt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Vol. 29.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Jofiuh Child, an Infant of the Age of Nine Years, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Josiah Child, an Infant of the Age of Nine Years.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Weltingore, in the County of Lincoln: And the same u'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordflnps thereto.

A Bill for Naturalizing Abraham Huber was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Charles Mr.

dys, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Tonm/hend.Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Fonereau, Sir

George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lane, Mr. Begot, Mr. iVilhughby, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Mr. Rid

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Shaftoe, Colonel Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Price, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Penton, Sir George Warren, Mr. Bejl, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fuller, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vanjittart: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Peter within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyances; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cart men, and Draymen, within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooke reported frojn the Committee, to whom 6 D the

God man-chester, &c. Road,

Child*.

Nat.

Well ingore Inclosure.

Marina

Jtol ,tSi

Huber’*

Mat,

York

Street

&c<

Street., k*.

474

2i° Februarii.

A. 1763.

the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expenses of of the Poor, Constable, and other Inhabitants of the repairing the said Parish Church. And that Mr. Cooke, Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, within the Tower Mr. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, and Mr.

Division, and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of Mis 6'afcoync, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Majesty’s Tower of London, and Liberty of the City

of London; and also the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the Tower Division, and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tozcer of London, and Liberty of the City of London, for and on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish.; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters

A Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, causeways, Lanes, and Passages in the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Coventh

Strcrti.

si

of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. West, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Edward Simpson, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. IIanbury, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Sir Edmund

Jsham, Mr. Alawbexj, Sir George Warren, Mr. Toxon-Jhcnd, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Shijfner, Mr. Lane, Mr. Neville, Mr. Gore, Mr. Byde, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fofler, Mr. Mr. Fairfax,

Sir John Wynne, Mr. GaJ'eoyn Lord Alidletov, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Curzcn, Sir Matthew

Lambe, Mr. Darner, Lord BMr. Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Wilson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warzoick, Nottingham, Derby, and

Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Cortnhy, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of

the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Mas read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the Relief of the Poor, was read: And,

Mr. Edward Hawkins and Mr. Thomas Diming being severally examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and of late Years much in-«reased; that at present upwards of f. 2,600 is assessed in One Year for their Maintenance; and that if a proper Workhouse was provided for the Reception of the Poor, and sufficient Power given to oblige the aide Poor to work, they would not only be better provided for and employed, but the Expence of maintaining them would be greatly reduced:

That the Streets and Open Places within the said Parish are at present very ill cleansed and lighted; and the Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets,

Ditto.

that if proper Powers were given for cleansing and enlightening the said Parish, and keeping a uell regulated nightly Watch theioin, it would be a great Conveniency and Safety to the Inhabitants; but that these salutary Purposes cannot be obtained without an Act of Parliament.

And to prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition;

Mr. Thomas Price, Churchwarden of the said Parish, informed yeur Committee, That a Twelve Months Rate has been.levied for repairing the Church, amounting to £\, 100, which has been found insufficient for that Purpose.

Mr. Edward Haze kins. Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Repairs of the Church w?ere at first estimated at Eight or Nine hundred Pounds, but that since they begun the Works, they found several Defects which could not possibly be discovered before, particularly that the Parapet Walls, and all the principal Timbers, are decayed, and the Galleries in so bad a Condition, that it will be absolutely necessary to rebuild them:

That the Parishioners are desirous to have a Wall built round the Church-yard, which is only inclosed with Pales:

That 15 or £.1,600 has been already expended in repairing the Church, and it will require £. 1,100 to complete the Works:

That an immediate Tax for these Purposes would be a great Hardship on Individuals, especially such as should quit the Parish soon after having paid it, as they w ould be at the Expence, and the Persons who succeeded them would enjoy the Advantage.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Thomas Langley, the Carpenter employed in repairing the Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch within the said Parish; and to enable the 17

Causeways, Lanes, and Pali'ages in the C ity of try, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Weils and Pumps there; which, the Petitioners allege, if passed into a Law, will not only be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, but to many others, the poorer Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That the Petw tioners may be beard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts, and so much of the said Bill, as they conceive may be prejudicial to them; and that they mpy have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Earl of SanRobert Nugent Esquire, and Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great (andothm Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said.

Offices, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Jacob Reeffcn, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ear| of Sandwich

Bill,

The House being informed that Mr. Farraine, Deputy Auditor of the Imprest, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the Houl'e, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the general Certificate delivered by the Auditors of the Imprell into the Office of the King’s

Remembrancer

Certificate of the Auditors of the Imprest

Offices

and

Employments.

3 Geo. III. 21° Febr475

Remembrancer of the Exchequer in Hilary Term 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preferred Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them lei ves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifications; within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pugh Prycetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pugh Pryce reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing Account the-Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, rsirJen' presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Men raised for the Sea Service, from the Year 1755 to the Year 1762:

And alto of the Number of Men loft in the Sea Service during the same Period; diffingnishing the killed and the missing; lb far a« the said Account can be made out from the Books in that Office.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not Distnbutioa provided for by Parliament, between the lft of of Grant*.

ber 1762 and 19th of February 1763: And also.

Account of the Distribution of £.215,167. is. iirf.to complete Hie Sum of £. 1,000,000 raised pursuant to an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762, He.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Vol. zg.

ACCOUNT

47 6

2i* Februarii.

A. 1763.

ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between

the 1 ft of November 1762, and 19th February 1763.

Dares of Warrants.

*7^3-

rebry. 15. To Messrs. Magens and Amy and, to be by them remitted to the Deputy Pay-

master in Germany, for the Extraordinary Services of the Forces there -

1762.

Nov. 30. To Messrs. And. Drummond and C*, to complete a Warrant for £.78,105. 3. 1.

to satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Pye, Rich, and WilkicJ'on, by Order of Lt. General Howard, to answer the Expences of Forage, Me. for the Combined Army serving in Germany, the other Part of the Warrant being £. 1,166. 5$. id. was taken to complete the £. 1,000,000 Vote of Credit - - - n

Dec. 7. To D*, paid D*, to satisfy D*, drawn by D*, by Order of D°, for D* Service -

17. To D% paid Peter Taylor, Esquire, to satisfy D°, drawn by Lt. General Howard, for D° Service - - - . -

n.To D®, paid D°, to satisfy D°, drawn by D®, for D®

Service ——

To D°, paid Mr. Mill, to satisfy D*, drawn by D°, for D4 - 68,920 7 8

1763.

Janry. 5. To D’, paid Messrs. A. Drummond and C*, to satisfy D®, draw'n by Messrs. Pye, Rich, and by Order of

Lord Granby, for D® -

To D®, paid 1)", to satisfy D*,drawn by D*, by Order of D#, for D® Service -

To D*, paid D*, to satisfy D*, drawn by D*, by Order of D*, for D° Service -

To D®, paid D*, to satisfy D*, drawn by D\ by Order of D®, for D* Service - -

12. To D°, paid Peter Taylor, Esquire, to satisfy D®, drawn by Lt. General Hozvard, for D° Service -26. To D", paid Messrs. A. Drummond and C#, to satisfy D°, drawn by Messrs. Pye, Rich, and for D*

Service i

Febry. 15. ToD*, paid Pe/er Taylor, Esquire, to satisfy D*, drawnbySir James Cockburne, for D° Service -

To Peter Taylor, Esquire, to satisfy Bills of Exchange, draw'n by D®, for D* Service -1 To D®, to satisfy D®, drawn by D®, for D° Service

To Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Wilkiefon, to satisfy D®, drawn

by them, to the Order of Lord Granby, for D® Service - 60,000 —

76>938 18 —

6>2 44 9 9

37*447 1 —

22,791 2 10

68,920 7 8

20,000 —

18,000 —

M73 6 2,

CO O 8 4

7I*89I 9 —

h CO 2 8

1 CD *5 6

4.883 14 6

553 10

60,000 — -T-

1762. Mar. 4.

To William Willy, Esquire, to enable him to deliver at Bremen a Quantity of Wheat, Me. for the Use of the Combined Army in Germain) ..... 10,000 — —

Deduct already asked in the Account of Extraordinaries to 31st Oct. 1762 - - 1,000-----

iS oi’. 30. To Robert Wilson, Esquire, in full for his Charges for Oats, Me.delivered for the Use of D® Army

1763.

Janry. 3. To D®, for D®, delivered at Brake, for the Use of D® Army To Messrs. Amyand and Tierney, in full, for their Charges in delivering Com at Bremen, for the Use of D® Army

9,000-----

178 3 —

1,200 -

897 8 —

1762. -

OR. 21. To 9id* Pay of Peter Legit, Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, to the 24th

Sept. 1702, at £.3 a Day - - - - 273-----

22. To i8id* D® of John Levett, Esquire, as D®, in D®, to the

30th June 1762, at D® Rate - - - 549-----

To 181* D® of Thomas Cuthbert, Esquire, as D®, in D®, to

D®, at D® Rate - -- -- - 543-----

Fov 3. To 182®* D® of Richmond Webb, Esquire, as D®, in D®, to

izd Sept. 1762, at D® Rate ----- 546 — —

To 212" D® of William Elliot, Esquire, as D®, in D®, to

30th July 1762, at £.za Day ----- 424-----

*3. To i79d* D® of Lt. Col. Pierson, as Inspector, Supervisor,

Me.to 28th June 1762, at £.8 a Day - MS* — —

f. s. d. 100,000-----

484,090 5 5

IG275 11 —

To

3 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

III.

21

Februariu

17*3-

Janry. 10

To 167'" D® of Sir James Cockburne, as Commissary General of Supplies, to the 7th 1762, at £. 5 a Day....

To 91* D° of Ruvigny De Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, to the 29th 08. 1762, at 3 10. a Day 31. To 185®* D® of Lt. Col. Browne, for settling with a French Commissary the Expences of maintaining Prisoners of War taken by either Army in from 24th

17 62,to the 25th Jan. 1763, at 3 a Day Feb. 1. To 9 id* D® of Lt. Col. Faucitt, asCommissary in Germany, to 23d Dec. 1762, at £.3 a Day -15. To 91®* D® of Richmond Webb, Esquire, as D°, in D®, to the 22d of Dec. 1762, at D® Rate -To 91"" D® of Jofeyh Leach, Esquire, as D°, in D®, to the 14th of Dec. 1762, at 2 a Day -To i82d‘D® of Thomas Higgins, Esquire, as D®, in D®, to the 29th Dec. 1762, at D® Rate -

835 —

318 10

555

273 —

273

182 —

364 —

1761. Mar. 13.

1762. Dec. 22.

1763. Jan. n.

Jan. 31.

1762. 08.21.

22.

To iS2d’ D® of William Ward, as D®, in Portugal, to 3d Feb. 1763, at £. 3 a Day -

To 36 c;dsD® of Mr. Guiger, as Commissary for Exchange of Prisoners of War, from 25th Dec. 1761, to 24th Dec. 1762, at ios. a Day - - . 182 10 —

To i,o25d* additional Pay of D®, as D®, from 5th March

1760, to D®, at D® Rate - - - - 512 10 —

To 363d* D° of Geo. Monro, Esquire, as Commissary of

Stores in North Britain, to 24th June 1762 - - 182 10 —

To the Pay of sundry Under Deputy Commissaries,

between 15th June and 27th 08. 1762 - - - 195 18 —

To MeflTrs. Colebrooke, Nefiilt, and Franks, for victualling the Garrison of 2wCcc, between lft November 1761, and gothvfyr. 1762 552 19 5

To D®, for victualling D®, between the 27th of March

and 24th of May 1762 ----- 2,603 4 10

To D°, for Provisions delivered to Mr. Jacob Rowe, at Quebec, for the Use of the 78th Regiment, in Cantonments, between the 21st of July 1761 and 31st of May

1762 - -- -.....9,048 6 7

To D®, for D" delivered to D®, and by him applied to the Use of the 58th Regiment, on its March from Quebec to Neio York, between the 7th and the 24th May 1762 342 1 —

To D®, for D° delivered to D®, between the ill and the 28th of May 1762, and by him shipped and consigned to Major General Gage, Governor of Montreal - 2,281 11 3

To D®, for D® delivered to D®, by Order of Governor Murray, between D® and D®, shipped and consigned to Colonel Burton, Governor of Trois Riviers - 369 6 1

To D®, for D® shipped on board Transports bound for the

West Indies, for the Use of the Troops there - - 5,685 19 4

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces within the Provinces of New England and Neic York, between the 25th of Febiy. and 7th of April 1762 ----- 2,065 16 10

To D", for D®, damaged, condemned, and destroyed, at sundry Polls beyond Albany, between the 4th o

Dec.

ber 1761 and 8th of April 762 To D®, for D® delivered to Mr. Jacob Rowe, between the 29th May and 28th June 1762, and by him shipped and consigned to Major General Gage, Governor of Montreal -

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces in the Provinces of Neio York, Neio England, and other Parts of North America, between the 9th of April and 19th of 1762 - -.-

To D®, for D® issued to D® at Lancaster and Carlisle, and Westward of Carlisle, between 26th December 1761 and 20th April 1762 -

To D®, for D® HTued to the Garrison of Quebec, between the 19th of June and 13th Sept. 1762 -

375 *7 5

14,073 18 1

2,942

12

2,272 9 8

3.5*5 *7 —

VOL.

29-

6 E

477

6,561 to — -

546-----

1,073 8 —

To

11

21* Febru

A. 1763

47*

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

ti.

1763. Jan. 3.

Feb. 15.

1762.

Od.

Nov. 3. Dec. 3.

1763. Feb. 1.

1762. Mw. 23.

Dates of Lord Albemarle's Warrants.

1762. -dwg. 19.

SlrjM. x.

To D®, for D® delivered at Quebec, between the xoth and the 3ift of July 1762, for the Life of the Forces in Canada - 30,341 7 8

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces in North between the ift July and nth August 1762 - - J>575 — 1

To D®, for D® issued to D® in the Prov ince of New York and in Canada, between 'the 8th May 1761 and 12th

May 1762 - -- -- - 5,180 2 7

To D°, for D® issued to the Forces within the Provinces of Nero York, Neio England, and at Niagara., between the 20th of May and the 30th of June 1762 - - - 3,961 9 10

To D®, for D® delivered at Quebec, between the 6th and the 20th of August 1762, for the Use of the Forces at Canada ----- 12,540 10 10

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces in the Provinces of New York and New Jersey, between the 1 and the 22d of Sept. 1762 - - - 668 1 1

To D®, for D® issued to the Garrison of Quebec, between

22d May and zi&June 1762 - - - 1,076 18 11

To D®, for D® issued to the Forces in Pen and for damaged Provisions, between 19 th J/nyand 29th

1762 ----- 2,172 12 11

To D°, for D® issued to D® in North America, between 7th

June and 27th OSt. 1762 ----- 4,751 14 3

To D®, for D® i iTued to D® at Lancaster and Carlisle,

between ;6th March and 25th July 1762 - - - 2,119 — 3

To D®, for D® delivered at Montreal, between 21st August

and 1 oth September 1762 ----- 2,645 16 —

To D®, for I)® sent to the Governor of the Three Rivers 3,738 18 8

To D®, for victualling Quebec, between 11 th Sept, and 8th

Nov. 1762 T - - - - 2,375 16 9

To Chauncey Tuivnfend, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 17th of May and 11 th July 1762 - - - 4,269 10 4

To D®, for victualling D" in D®, between,

the 12th July and 8th August 1762 2,291 16 6

To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between

the 9th August and 5th Sept. 1762 - 2,966 11 3

To D®, for victualling D® in D®, between,

the 6th Sept, and 3d Dec. 1762 - 1,186 7 11

----- 10,714 6 —

To Matthexo Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Annajnlis Royal, &c. from 20th April 1761, to the 13th of June 1762 ----- 4,896 11 7

Expedition under Lord Albemarle,

To 18 2* Pay of Captains John Daniel and Thomas Sawer, as Supernumerary Captains in the 95th Regiment of Foot, from the 24th of Febry. to the 24th of August 1762, at . ior. a Day each - - - - 182 — —

To the Pay of the following General and Staff Officers, to 24th June 1762.

Earl of Albemarle, as Commander in Chief,

169®* ----- 2,028 — —

Geo. Augustus Elliott, as Lt. General, 116* 580-

John La Faufile, as Major General, 1 i6d* 290 — — Honble. William Kepple, asD®, 1I6®1 - 290 —

Lt. Col. Ackland, as Depty. Adjutant General, 169'* - - - - 84 10 —

Lt. Col. Hale, as Secry. to the Commander

in Chief, I6911* ----- 84

Captain Dundas, as Major Brigade, 169" 84

Lt. Col. Hale, as Judge Advocate, 116" - 58

Major Prefcott, as D°, 53®* - - - 26

Charles Lechmere, as Coramiflary of Stores and Provisions, 169®* - - 253 10 —

10 —

10 —

10 —

134,888 7

Bent

1

1.

j Geo. III.

21® Februariu

Pates of Warrants.

1762.

Revd. Mir. Buckner, as Chaplain to Ld. Albemarle, 169*" - - - ’ -56 68

Capt. Forster, as Assistant Quarter Mailer

General, i69d* - - - - 42 5 —

Major Pool, as Deputy Quarter Mailer

General, i69d* - - - - -84 10 —

Colonel Carlton, as Quarter Mailer General,

169"

- 169-----

3. To complete the Sublillence of a Company of Free Negroes, commanded by Capt. to 24th June

1762 -

To complete D* of D*, to the 23d of September -

To the following General and Staff Officers, to 24th

August. 1762.

Capt. Knight, as an additional Major of Brigade, 8od* - - - - 40 — —

Lt. Baillie, as an additional Adjutant to the

ill Batt. of Grenadiers, 8od‘- - - 16-----

Lt. Roche, as D* to the 2d Batt. of D°, 8od* 16--

Lt. Forbes, as D® to the 3d Batt, of D®, 80" 16--

Ens. Aylmer, as D® to the Light Infantry,

8od* -.....16-----

Lt. Campbell, as additional Or. Mailer to ill

Batt. Grenadiers, 8od* - - - -16-----

Lt. Gordon, as D® to 2d Batt. of D°, 8od* - 16 — —

Lt. Hay, as D°to 3d D®of D®, 8od* - - 16 — —

Lt. Brunfidcs, as D° to the Light Infantry,

8od* - ".....16-----

Lt. Monepenny, as D® to D®, So1*’ - - 16-----

Lt. Cooke, as Adjt. to the Royals, 8od* - 16-----

XI.

*3-

29.

ii.

*5-

20.

* To Batt. Horses and 1 ood‘ Forage for the foil. Regiments;

4 Compys. of General Clair's 2 Compys. of Lt. General s -

Lt. General Whitmore's -Major General Amlterjl's

Major General Monckto

Major General Gage's -Lt. General Warburton's Mfyor General Townjhe

Lord Fred. Cavendish's -General Otway's - -

Major General Armiger's 3d Batt. of Royal Americans -ill Batt. of Lord John Murray's 2d Batt. of D°

Major General Talbot's -Lt. General Thomas Murray's Major General Webb's -Col. Keppell's-2 Compys. of Major General 1 Compy. of Lord Malpas's -Duke or Richmond’s Col. Montgomery’s -Col. Grant’s -

Col. Burton's -Late Major Freron's Corps

>3 3 53 328 280 278 34* 34* 228 366

311

262

373

373

3*5

276

3*

3*9

4*3

123

5*

368

280

201

392

76

*5

*5

*5

*5

5

5

*5

5

5

10

*5

*5

5

5

5

*5

*5

5

*5

5

5

10

5

To D® of a Detachment from 49th and 74th’ Regts.

To Major Goreham's Corps - - - 122 10 —

To 4 Indt. Compys. from New York - 123 15 —

To 100'" Forage for General and Staff Officers To Charles Lechmere, Esquire, on Account of his Contingencies as Commifs. of Stores and Provisions To Col. James Grant, for a Balance due to him for purchasing 273 Negroes in the Island of Antigua -To Peter Clarke, Esquire, on Account of the Pay of 97 Slaves from the Island of St. - -

To Daniel Mandeville, for the Use of the Hospitals

4,131 11 8

107 XI —

*53 10 4

200 — —

6,803

287

246

L49°

5

16

5

700 — — 824 5 —

1,890

2,000

18 —

VoL.

29.

1

480

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

21.

£3-

25'

oa.

11.

15-

18.

41.

*3-

To William Gravenor, as Commits. of Negroes from Antigua, 204* Pay, from 5th May to 24th November 1762, at 6s. 8rf. a Day - - - 68

To Abrah. Bayfbrozmi, as D° from St. Christophers, 153^ D°,

from ift May to 30th Sept. 1762, at 10s. a Day - - 76

To Lt. Davis, for Fafcine Layers, <Sfc. employed in erecting Batteries, Sic. at the Castle, and Town of the

Havaimak - 549

To D9, for Pay of sundry Asst. Engineers, to 31st August

1762 ----- 186

To 126* Pay of Capt. Montcriejfe, as Major of Brigade,

from 22d May to 24th Sept. 1762, at iq£. a Day - 63

To Capt. Dixon, for the Hire of Artificers in repairing the

Moro Castle, &c.‘ - 700

To Charles Lechmere, Esquire, on Account of his Contingent Expences as Commifs. of Stores and Provisions -; 700

To Gedfiey Clarke, Esquire, for all Stores and Provisions

supplied by him - - - - 2,136

To Capt. Dixo?i, further, on Account of Repairs carrying

on at the Moro Castle - - - 700

To Daniel Mandeville, on Account of the Hospital - - 5,000

To John Reunion, Esquire, in full for sundry Stores and

Provisions - - - - 5*946

To Charles Lechmere, on Account of his Contingent Expences as Commifs. of Stores and Provisions - - 707

To 214d* Pay of Lt. Col. Funds, from 25th May to 24th Dec. 1762, Ht 1 ;s. a Day, with an Allowance of £.4 7. 1 os. in lieu of Batt. and Forage Money - 229

To John Hale, Esqirirp, to be by him conveyed to Abraham Mortier, Esquire, at New York, for the Use of fuel) Officers as were sent thither to raise Recruits, Sic. - - 26,000

To D% for the Freight of D* to D°, at One per Cent. - 260

To John Harr if on. Esquire, Capt. of His Majesty's Ship Namur, for the Freight of £.21,000 from Chorera Bay to the Havannah, at One per Cent. - - - 210

To Matthew Dixon, Esquire, further, on Account of repairing the Mow Castle, &c. ----- 1,400

To 174^ Pay of Colonel Burton, as an additional Brigadier General, at £. r. 10 s. a Day, from the 4th of May to the

261 — —

235 10 —

235 10 —

264 — —

Dec. 7.

17. 1763. Jan. 21.

1762. Nov. 30.

10 —

10

9 —

14 —

5 4

24th of October 1762 To Col. Francis Grant, as D°, 157* -

To Col . Hunt Waljh, asD% 157*

To Col. John Reed, as D°, 176* -

To Capt. St. Leger, as an additional Major of Brigade, 174^, at 10s. a Day To Capt. Small, as D°, 157*, at D9 Rate To Lieutenant Neale, as D°, 105^, at D° Rate

*7

.52

10

10

1,214-----

Dec. 17.

*7g3-

Jan. 20.

31*

1762. Nov. 17.

Dec. 27.

1763. Jan. 8.

1762. Aug. 18.

To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Campbell Dalrymple,

Governor of Guadeloupe ,iovQont. Charges of said Garrison 400-----

To satisfy D°, drawn by D% for D° Service - - - 400-----

To satisfy sundry D% drawn by D°, for D9 Service -- 4,314* 15 8

To satisfy sundry Bills drawn by William Rufane, Esquire, Governor of Martinique, for the Contingent Disbursements of that Colony 2,118 12 7

To satisfy D% drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 1,000 — —

To satisfy sundry D#, drawn by for D9 Service - - 4,266 18 8

To satisfy sundry D°, drawn by D% for D° Service -To satisfy sundry D°, drawn by D9, for D9 Service -

- 6>695 8 7 5*555 11 9

To Benjamin Martin, Esquire, for the Charges of the Scout Boat in Georgia, &c.from the 28th of May 1761, to the 27th of May 1762 366 10 4

To D°, for Presents to the Indians bordering on the Coast

of Georgia - - - - . - - - — 1,500 — —

To satisfy ariddischarge a Bill of Exchange drawnby James Forefler, Esquire, Governor of BelleiJlc, for the Contingent Charges of that Garrison , -

To 365*' Pay of the Staff Officers of the Garrisons of Senegat 'knd Goree, to 24th of Deer. 1761 - 1,904 7 —

A- *763.

65,16312 4

5.H415

19,63611 7

1,86610 4 11884

To

3 Geo. Ill* 21°

D-tc* of Warrants.

1762.

*" 3°-

Dec. 17.

AW 23. May 31. 0<3. 8.

22.

AW 10.

x7*

Dec. 8. 22.

1763.

ya/z. 12.

*7-

1762.

AW 17.

Dec. 8. AW 2. Dm 22. Nov. 3.

To Capt. Grejley, for the Contingent Disbursements of th*

Garrison of Goree, between ift April and 31st May 1762 350 ig 10

To Ma jor Carey, for D% between the ift of June and the 31st

July 1762.....- - 445 3 9

To 12 24' Pay of an Indt. Company, commanded by Capt. Joseph Hopkins, from the 25th of August 1762 to the 24 December following, at £.5. 51. 8 d.a Day - 644 11 4

To 4g4* Pay of an Indt. Company of Pioneers commanded by Capt. Steele, from the 6th Nov. 1762 to 24 Dec. foil, at £.5. 6s. 8 d.a Day ----- 261 6 8

To Samuel Tewkesbury, for Forage, Wood, and Straw, Sc. for the Fortes encamped ——

To Capt. Pountenay, for the Pay of his Independant Company,

proceeding their Establishment - - - 118 — 6

To Lt. Col. Barre, for D# of the Officers of his Batt. proceed.

D° 660 10 to

To Capt. James Barnes, for D* of his Company, preceed. D° 317 4 7

To Capt. Day for D* of his D% preceed. D* - - 4^ 7 5 5

To Major Ogle, for I)* of the Officers of his Batt. proceeding D* 1,916 13 5 To Lt. Col. Beanclerk, for D* of the Non. Commifs. Officers

and Private Men of his Batt. proceeding D° 2,053 7 6

To Major Johnjtone, for D° of the Commifs. Officers of an additional C°. and the Supernumerary Men, Sc. of his Batt. proceeding D* - -- -- - 4,460 5 ip

To Maj. Deaken, for D° of the Officers of his Batt. proceeding I)# - - ----- 1,731 6 1

To Major Nairne, for D*of an additional Compy. to his Batt,

proceeding D* - > - - - - 3P1 15 —

To Lt. Col. Tonyn, for D° of his Batt. preceed. D* - - 2,899 3

To Major Markham, for the Pay of his Batt. prereed. D* 1,335 6 5

To Major Craufurd, for D° of his Batt. preceed. D* 4.272 — 4

To 2134* Pay of Lord Ti/rawlcy, as Commander in Chief in to.

a Davv with a Secretary and Aids de Camp, at 10 s. a Day each, from 10th Febry. to 10th Sept. 1762 -

To Maior General Armiger, for the Difference of Pay as Major General and Brigadier General on the Expedition to Guadefrom 1 oth of 061. 1758

to 31st of August 1759, at £ 1. a Day -

To John Cat heart, Esquire, on Account of Subfi (fence, issued by lnm to divers Hospital Mates provided for Lord Albermarle’s Expedition, and for the Forces at Senegal, Sc. ----- 623 18 —

To D*, to provide Necessaries for the Hospitals in the Isle of

Wight, Pimlico, &e. - - - - -850-----

To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines furnished by him for the Ufb of the Forces, in 1761 and 1762 -

To 183d* Pay of Major Godfrey, in lieu of a Company, to 24th of Dec. 1761, at 1 or. a Day -

Dec, 8. To Capt. Colin Graham, to be paid over to Jiindry Subaltern Officers, for Conduct Drafts to Germany, under his Command - - 69 15

To Henry Davidson, Esquire, for conducing D* to D* and

Guadeloupe ----- - 265 — -

T763. Jan. ,1.

1762. July 28.

1763. Jan. 12.

21.

1762. Aug. 30.

Oft. 21.

Nov. 1.

Vo L.29.

To John Wiseman, Esquire, for sundry Officers conduct. D* to Germany - -- 560 — - —

To the Earl of Loudoun, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief in Portugal ----- 1,000 — —

To D*, for his Contingencies as D*

To Major G. Moncklon, for D* on the Expect. against Martinique -

- 2,000 — —

2,000 -- —

To sundry Commandants, for clothing Supernumerary Men, raised Above the Establishment ' - 3,^04 14 9

To Col. Filzroy, in lieu of 243* Offrecks. of 3 Companies,

added to his Regiment ----- 603 3 l

To Major Craxtfurd, in lieu of 8 Months D* of his Batt. - 868 — 1

To D% for clothing the Supernumerary Men of his Batt. - §53 7 7

€ F

i. 1

4*701 id 1

905 i£ — 5,000 — —

40*552 18 it

2,662 id —

328 — —

1,473 18 — 8,771 15 6

91 10 —

*94 *3 —

5,000 — —

To

482

Dates of Warrant*.

176a.

I7*

Z>ec. 8.

2i° Februariu

To Col. Gr/tme, to replace 171 Sets of new Clothing, for his

Regiment - -

To Major General Webb, to replace Clothing of his Regt.

burnt by Accident - ....

To Lt. General Diiroure, to replace the Losses of Clothing sustainpd by Capt. Kennedy, of the 4th Regt. at Guadeloupe, in 176*2 -

Camp Necessaries for the foil. Regiments; viz. Major General Barrington's ....

Colonel Craufurd’s -

Major General ColviU's -

' 1,1 Earl Loudoun's - ....

Lord Fred. Cavendish's -

Col. Geo. Gray's -

Lt. Col. Charles Grey's ....

2d Regt. of Foot Guards -

Col. Trapaud's -

Royal Fonrjlers . - -

Major Genl. Jeffery s's - -

Lord Fred. CayendijFs - . , - - <*

Colonel Rufane's - - .

Ditto - - - - ?

Lt. Col. Morgan's -

An Additl. Compy. of Col. Draper'sn

Lt. Cob Grey’s ... . -

Lt. General Howard's -

Major General Lamb ton's -

Major General ColviU's - ~ . -

Lord Lindore's^ Invalids -

1762.

June

ep.

July 23. Nov. 10. Bee. 8.

Dec.

8.

*763-

jart: 17.;

21.

To 200*'Forage

for General and Staff Officers of the

Hospital

24.

»3-

To 200*' D* for Two Battalions of thes First, and One Batt.

of each of the other Two Regts. of Foot Guards -To Major, General Armiger, for the Difference of his Forage Money, as Major General and Brigadier General on the Expedition to Guadeloupe -

Grass Money for the foil. Regiments; viz.

Light Troop of Lt. General Mojlyn's Dragoons D° of Lord A ncram's -

D° of Lt. General Conway's -

Lord Aberdour's Regt. -

Earl of Albemarle's Regt. - -

Light Troop of Sir Charles Howard's -

D* of Lt. General Bland's - -

Royal Forrejlers - -

Colonel7?«&’s- . - -

Light Troop of Sir John Mordaunt's -

D" of Lt. General Cltolmonddey's -

D° of thp Duke of ArgylPs - -

D" of Lt. General Waldegrave's -

Sir Robgrt Rich's Regiment -

To replace Horses, Swords, 8Cc. loft by the foil. Regts. viz. Lt. General Stuart's Regt. in ^Go and 1761 -

Sir John Mor daunt's \n__\760 - .-

Lord Ty raw ley's,in 1761- - - -

- - D* - - in 1760 and 1761 -

Lt. General Waldegrave's, in 1761 Duke of Argyll's in 1761 .- - -

Lt. General Kingsley's, in 1761 -

Sir John Griffin's, m 1761 -----.

Lt. General Kingsley's in 1759 - -

’ Lt. General, Cornwallis's,in 1760 -

Major General Elliot’s, in 1761 - - _ -

General Otway's,in '1757, 1758, and 1760

Lt. General Waldegrave's,in 1761 -

- - - D" - - - in 1760 -

Late Earl of Home's, in 1760 - -

375 *94 312 2 7 2 7 9 3

399 1 8

168 6 4

595 J9

462 1 1

595 *9 —

77 7 4

335 2 1

433 >9 2

176 12 8

360 5 3

239 ‘3 8

381 '7 11

808 18 M

807 4 2

325 3 8

47 16 4

332 16 10

396 3 2

272 2 1

262 *5 10

54 8 5

3>575 — —

2,015 — —

50 — —

322 l7 6

322 l7 6

322 l7 6,

294 — —

1,582 *7 6

322 l7 6

322 l7 6

1,196 4 —

i*753 *5 —

328 7 6

328 7 6

328 7 6

328 7 0

1,582 l7 6

493 1

»54 9

*38 8

10S 8 *

78 8 —

108 8 ——

*32 271 2 9 I 6

641 16 4

209 19 4

- 635 19 6

- 9°2 10 10

- 84 3 10

3|fi 17 10

328 5 9

A. 1763,

£ t

6,410 l8 t

7*533 *4 —

5,640-----

9-337

ix

I-t.

ini

3 Geo. III.

11° Februarii.

483

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

tfovem. 2. Dec 8.

22.

1763. Jan. i2.

1762. Nov. 17.

Z><*. 3-

22. 1763. Janry. 12.

1762.

0<3. 22.

*7-

Dec. 8.

1763. 7an. 8.

1762. 0<3. 22.

iVov. 17.

27ec. 8,

Arci> 17.

&7»f. 13.

.Dec. 22.

Sept. 13. 0(3. 22.

Nov. 10. 17*

Lt. General Cornwallis's, in 1761 -

Lt General Kingsley's,in 1760 and 1761

Sir John Griffin's, in 1760

Lt. Genl. Dejean's,in 1760 and 1761

Col. Burgoyne's,at Belleijle -

Lord Ti/razvly's, in 1760 and 1761 -

Col. John Campbell's, in 1760 -

Col. Rufone's, in 1761 -

Lt. General Abercrombie's,in 1758 Earl of Loudoun's, at Belleijle -Major General Armiger's,in 1762 -Lt. General Conways, in 1761

Lt. General Borland's, in 1760, 1761, and 1762

ments in Germany from their different Head Quarters to

Gravesend ——

To Major McLean, for D° of his Battalion -

To Henry Kidgell, Esquire, for D° of 3 Independent Companies -

To Col. Irwin, for D° of his Regiment -

To Col. Lambert, for D° of his Regiment -

To Lord Robert Manners, for D° of his Regiment

Marches of the following Regiments of Militia, viz. South Bast, of Iiampshire -

IV 1 It./lire -

N* Bat 1. of Gloucestershire ——

S° Butt, of !).....- - -

Glamorganshire -

SornerJe/shire ——

)Ve/hnoreland - - - - -' -

I'all Riding of Yorkshire -

- 289 it 8

- 23b 7 11

217 6 10

- 325 10 —

576 6 4

- 649 5 5

A 177 4 2

- i37 16 4

- 238 8 7

- 403 4

- 83 8 —

165 2 4

m 593 13 —

to recruit the Regi-

168 *5 9

464 1 5

185 16 6

1.195 2 3'

3°8 10 5'

586 1

136 11 8

579 10 2

32° 8 2

554 if; }

2°5 i4. 3

19 3

257 *5 3

Durham

332 ?5

Camp Necessaries for Cornwall Militia - - - - 291 6 —

D* for Dorsetshire----- - 284 19 8

D° for Bedfordshire - 97x59

1763. Jan. 31.

War Office* 21st February,. 1763.-

To Col. Wynne, for an additional Allowance for Clothing the Carnarvonshire,

Militia -

To Henry Wauclwpe, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles at Plymouth Garrison ----- 1,000 — —

To Robert Gardener, Esquire, for D°, furnished by him to the l'orces in Edinburgh CajUe, to the 14th of August.

1762 - -- 403 18 1

To John Calcraft, Esquire, for the Pay, of sundry additional . .:

Surgeons Mates ——

To Lt. General Carr, to enable him to replace the Lodes sustained by Captain Pozoell, of the 50th Regt. -

To the Executrix of the late Major General Hopfon, for the Balance of his Account, as Governor of Nova Scotia - - . - -

To John Calcraft, Esquire, for Levy Money of several Men of the late Sir William PeppereU'sRegt. - -

To John Webster, Mailer of the Ship James, for the Passage of sundry Officers,

Men, and Arms, from Senegal to London, by Order of Governor Worge -To Captain Rice Williams, for Necessaries furnished by him for the First Regiment of Foot Guards, from Deer. 1760, to Deer. 1761 \

To Lt. Col. Geo. Morrison, for his extraordinary Expences as Quarter-Mailer General, from February 1761, to25th Sept. 1762 -

Due to the Duke of Brunswick, to make up the full Pay asstipulated byTreaty, for his Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1762 -

W. Ellis.

8,787 9 11

2>yo8‘ 19 H

2,663 4 —

674 1 5 94 13 4

i>4°3 18 1

815 11 6

152 1 1

49 1 —

-2.755 i3 4

65 8 —

589 19 2

95 10 1 22.555 10 3

95*»249

— 0

Vol. 29.

4*4

21° — 2i°

A. 1763.

iS

ACCOUNT of the Distribution of 215,167. is. n to complete the Sum of 1,000,000 raised pursuant to the Power given by an Act passed in the lull Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762, and to assist the Kingdom of Portugal, and to take all such Measures as may be necefiury to disappoint and defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, against His Majesty or his Allies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Dates of Warrants.

1762.

Novemr.

1763

3. To Messrs. Amy and, Linwood, and Tierney, to enable them to supply the Troops, fervingin-Pprtaga^ 8fc. with Corn 10,000 — —

Janry. 17. To D°, for D* Service

10,000 —

20,000 — —

Novr,

1762.

2! To M. de Sa, Minister from the King of Portugal, in further ' Part of the Sum of £. 200,000. to enable the said King to

defend his Dominions, Sc. - - x 5,000-----

Reserved in the Exchequer to answer the Payment of the remaining Part of the said Sum of £. 200,000 - 70,000 — —

—— ----- — 85,000-----

To Calli paid a Bill of Exchange drawn by Mr. Bembridge, DeputyPaymaster attending the Forces in dated

the 22(1 Deer, 1762, payable to JoJ'eph Mellish, Esquire, for the Extraordinary Services of the Troops there - 3,000-

12. To Peter Taylor, Esquire, to satisfy and discharge 5 Bills of Exchangedrawn by Lt.General Howard in his Favour, to answer the Expences of Forage, Sic. for the Use of the combined Army serving in Germany - 56,631 14 —

30. To Messrs. Andrew Drummond, and C*, to satisfy D*, drawn by Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Wilkinson, by Order of Lord Granby, for D* Service - - - - 9,369 2 i*

ToD°, in PartofaWarrantfor^.78,105. 3.1. for D* Service ----- 1,166 5 1

----- 67,167 1 11

Decemr, 10. To Messrs. Magens and Amy and, to be remitted to the

Deputy Paymaster in Germany, for the Use of the Combined Army - -- -- - 40,000-----

! I

C d.

108,000 — —

War Office, lift February 1763.

u

107,167 1 11

215,167 1 11

W. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account; Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of l,u* the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in Pursuance of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1762.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Highpte

(0

Barnet

Road*.

Mart is, 22° die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III,a Regis, 1763.

Prayers,

MR. Byde presented to the House, according to Order a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gate-house, in the County of

dlesex, to Barnet Block-house, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in JIadlei/, to the Angel in Enfeld Chace-, and also Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to stampjtead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Block-house, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bejl reported from the Committee to whom the Csniwtoy Petition of the Rector, Churchwarden, and principal

Inhabitants

3 Geo. III. 22° Februarii. 485

Inhabitants of the Parish and Pari Hi Church of

Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Keport in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!: viz.

To Prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Smith said. That the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, is an ancient Build* ing, and very much decayed; that it is situated in the Middle of the High Street, which renders the Passage thereof very incommodious and unsafe:

That the Inhabitants of the said Parish are desirous that the said Church should be taken down, and rebuilt in some more proper Place than where it now Hands; and also that a proper Piece of Ground should be purchased for a Cemetery.

And Mr. John Harr {fan, a Surveyor, said. That he had made an Eftitnate of the Expence of rebuilding the said Church, which will amount to 1,-77, or thereabouts.

Mr. Thomas Smith further said, That several Gentlemen had already generoully subscribed £. 600 and upwards, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Inhabitants are desirous to make a Rate upon themselves, in order to raise a Sum sufficient to complete the Works aforesaid.

And the Reverend Mr. Duneombe said. That he was desirous the said Church should be taken down and rebuilt, provided the Rights and Advantages, which he now enjoys as Rector, be secured to him and his Successors.

Ordered, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Parish Church of Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding the said Church in a more convenient Place: And that Mr. Bejt, Mr.

Thomlin/oti, Mr. Milks, and Mr. Lynch, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mirflfrt Sir George Savileprefonted to the House, according Iiiurfiire. to Order, a Bill for dviding and inclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Lordship of Mar fleet ,in in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sail An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keep-c ' ing in Repair, the Road from Kendall, through

Road. Cro/lhwaite, and over Bow Bridge, in the County of fVi eftmoreland, and oter Cartmell to Nexoby Bridge;

and over EelingharthBrow, to the Town; and

over Penny Bridge, by Greenodd, ami on the East Side of Arrad, to Ulverstone; and from thence through Lindul, by Titeup, to Kirkby trele; w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of IF tnoreland, to Kirkby Irelelh, in the County o

Ordered, That M r. Shutlleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lowton A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons Indolurt. and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Grojicnor, M r. Harley, Sir Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mr. Mr.

Gray, Mr. Parker, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Mr.

Dowdcfxvell, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ridley, Sir E Mr. Bur-

red, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Buller, Lord Strange, Mr. Knight, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Maivbetf, Sir Francis

Vol. 2<p

Vincent, Mr. Hume, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr.

Coutis, Mr. Tmvnjhend, Sir Roger Newd Mr.

worth, M r. Elliot, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Legge, Lord Roy- 4.

son. Sir Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of IFefmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Durham; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Com- A (Hey mons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels Ldofur*. of Moss Grounds, with the Manor and Township of AJiley, in the County Palatine of , was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Wlv.Dowdef-well, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Ky no ft on, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harley, Lord,

Mr. Maubey. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Ed-movstone, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Legh, Mr. Burrell, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Price, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Grofcenor, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Lowndes, Lord Royfion, Mr. DelavSir William Beauchamp Pro6lon, Klr. Wilbraham Bootle-, andall the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, land, and Cumberland-, and for Noi'th Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fi.e of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to Lawton whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several and Towns and Villages therein after mentioned, anH of Burslem several others Merchants and Traders, redding in the Road. TowaofNewcastle under Line, whoseNamesaresubscribed; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the last mentioned Petition, no Person appearing on Behalf of the first mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and isfolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. Josiah Wedgeivood, beingexamined, said, That he knows the Road from the Red Bull, near the Town of Lawton, in the County of Chester, through the several Places mentioned in the said Petition, to and from Tunstall by Trubjhaw Crifs, and the,

down Sparke'sHollow, over a Common Field called

Brampton, to Mr. Lovatt's House in the Town of -castle under Line; and that the same are in very ba4 Condition, narrow’ in some Parts, and in the Winter Season impastable in many Places; that there is a great Manufacture of Earthen Ware carried on within the Extent of the said Road, which is at present carried on Ilorfeback to Winford, in order for Exportation, Carriages being obliged to go 4 f Miles about; and that the; making this a good Road will open a Communication between Burslem and the great Turnpike Road leading to NorlRwich and Winford, w’here the Navigation to Liverpoole commences: and also towards the Turnpike Road leading to Ultoxeter, andfo on to where the Navigation to Gainsborough and Hull commences:

That the Expence of Carriage is now zs. and 6d. a Ton dearer than it is believed it will be if the Roac! described in the Petition is made commodious; but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Shrigley, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Wedgeivood, and added, That Twelve Pence in the pound has been raised upon some Parts of the Road, but has beeu found insufficient to repair the lame;

6 G And

48 6 22° Februarii. 763.

And he further said, That the Road has been indicted for several Years past, and that a Four Shilling Rate would not be sufficient for the Repair thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of to and

castle under Line, in the County of Stafford-, and other Roads therein to be mentioned: And that the Lord Gray, Mr. Bagot, Mr. W and Mr. Wilbrahatn Bootle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Huher'* Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to Nat. whom the Bill for Naturalizing Abraham Huber, was committed, T(iat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Penryn Mr. Buller reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the Petition of the Mayors, Justices of the Peace, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of and

Town of Falmouth, in the County of and of

the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Redruth, and the several Parishes of GPer ran, Arxcothall,

theans, and Gwennop, in the same County; and also of the several Gentlemen and Merchants concerned in Tin and Copper Mines, lying within and near they Parishes and Places aforesaid, whose Names respectively are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John King, And Mr. Nicholas Theaud said, That t lie Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, respectively, to Higher Water and aforesaid,

through Ponfnooth and Moors-, and through

the several Parishes of Perron

Stitheans, Gwennop, and Redruth aforesaid, are very narrow, rough, and incommodious, and in moll Parts thereof itnpalfable for Wheel Carriages; and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided, by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Higher Water Gale and Redruth, through Ponfnooth and Gwennap Moors, and the Parishes of Gluvias Perron, Ancothall, Stitheans, Gzcvennap, and Redruth, in the said County: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Buller, and Mr. Francis Buller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Newmarket An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Nezc-to market, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road Road!*' fading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of and

Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from over Nezomarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

Ordered, That 1 he Lord Royfion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halkin Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Conwnittee, to whom Mountain the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Road. others, landowners and Inhabitants of the several Parishes of//o/yu’e//, Halkin, Kilken, and Namierch,

in the County of Flint, was referred. That the Committee had examined the blatter of the said Petition;

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the IToufe, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Lloyd, being examined, said, That within the said Parishes there are several confulerable Lead Mines, which employ many Thousand People; that the Lead Ore raised out of the said Mines is carried to the Smelting Works at Bagillt and in the lower

Parts of the Purifli of Holywell, to be smelted and re- ]

fined with Pit Coal, which is there raised in great Quantities; and that the said Parishes, together with a great Tract of County lying behind the fame, are supplied with Pit Coal from the said Collieries in and

Caunfillt-, that the Road leading from the said Parishes, beginning at Halkin Mountain, leading to Bagillt and Caunfillt, about Two Miles and Three Quarters in Length, is very narrow, and in many Parts so very ruinous and dangerous, that the Inhabitants of the said . several Parishes are obliged to carry their Ore and Coal above Seven Miles, instead of Two and Three Quarters; that a Road from Halkin Mountain, to the said Smelting Works and Collieries, may be made by repairing Part of the Road now in being, and opening a Communicaton in other Parts, and which will be little more than Two Miles and a Quarter in Length* and will enable the Petitioners to convey their Lead Ore and Coal at a much less Expence than heretofore, and be an Encouragement to adventure more largely iu discovering Lead Ore in the said Parishes, and matm-fasturing the fame, and he of public Utility; but that the same cannot be done by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from flic I Ioufe of 'Thomas Hughes Elqtiire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Fann, and across the old Poll Road in CounfilUVechan to a House at.

y Moch in Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint-.And that Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Nugent, and Sir Roger Mofiyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Gardner, Secre- Account tnvy to the Commissioners of Prizes, attended at the of Pme*. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Numbers of Ships taken from the French before the 18 th Day of May 1756, with the Value thereof, and of their Cargoes, so far as can be afeevtained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prclerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Tozcn/hend reported from the Committee who Private were appointed to inquire into the State of private Madhnufc* Madhouses in this Kingdom, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to a Ile-solution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the;

fame was read; and is as followeth;

The Committee being sensible how much a Subject of this Nature is liable to frequent Digrellion and Irregularity in the Examination of WitiuTtes, and thinking to keep the Inquiry, as much as possible, from running unnecessarily into the Stories and Tran factions of private Life, they resolved very early in their Proceedings to confine themselves to the Two Points, which Teemed in their Judgment to be referred to them, by

the

3 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

487

the House; and they now beg Leave to be permitted to follow the same Method in their Report which they strictly observed in their Examination.

These Two Points were;

ill, The Manner of admitting Persons intoHouses now kept for the Reception of Lunatics: And,

2.dly, The Treatment of them during their Confinement.

of what had happened; and declared he believed

Mrs. Hinder)to be in her Senses.

Mrs. Hawley having been asked whether the knew of any other Persons, in the same Circumstances with her* self, confined in the same House, and the naming Mrs. Smith, the Committee thought it necessary to order her to attend.

Mrs. Smith informed your Committee, that the had

Private

Madhouxt.

The first Person who appeared before your Commit- been carried t.o Turlington's Madhouse by her Hulhand,

tee was Mrs. Hester Williams, complaining of her having

been carried by Stratagem to a House kept, for the Reception of Lunatics, and of the severe Treatment the received during her Confinement; but your Committee having no reason to conclude, either from her own State of her Cafe, or from the Witnesses which the brought Support of it-, or from other Persons attending to

in

prove her aft ual Infanityat. the Time of her being Carried to the Madhouse, that her same has been such, as to be itself any conclusive Proof of Abuse in the Method of Admimon to these Houses, or to be a sufficient Ground for the Interposition of the Legislature, they Presume to pals cursorily over a Complaint, in itself very general, affecting the Characters of Persons of fair been attended by no Physician or Apothecary what Character in private Life, and materially Contradicted ever in the Facts and Allegations of it by many Witnesses

who left her there, with an Assurance that he would return very soon.

That Mr. King, the Keeper of the House, told her, that her Husband had taken this Lodging for that Night; that her Ilulband told her in a Letter, which the received the next Day,- that he wras glad that he had left her in so pleasant aSituation;to which she returned no Answer:

That (lie was told from Time to Time she mult make herself easy; that lhe should have been happy to have put an End to her confinement; and that it was now Two Years since she had been carried to this House.

She added, lhat during her Confinement she has

of Weight and Authority.

The ne xt Complainant who appeard before your Committee was Mrs Hawley, whose Representations of her same to the Committee was as follows: that being on the 5th of September, 1762, invited in an affectionate Let ter by her Mother and Husband to go upon a Party of Pleasure to TurnhamGreen, she was by them car-

ried to a Madhouse at Chelsea, kept by Turlington: That, upon her being carried into the House, die knelt down, and exhorted the Keeper to let her go, who refused her, upon the Authority of her Mother directing him to keep her confined: She alleged that she was shut up Night and Day in a Chamber, locked and barricadoed; refused the Use of Pen and Paper;

The next Person who attended the Committee was Mrs. Durant, who complained that about Eight Years ago file was carried to Miles's Madhouse, at Hoi (on-, and that during her Confinement there, she was ordered no Medicines, nor attended by any body:

That she was refused all Opportunity of fending to her Friends, during the Three Weeks of her Confinement ;and that flic was released by her Mother, at tended by Mr. Lidiard, a Justice of the Peace: upon whose Arrival, as Mrs. Durant alleges, her Chains were privately knocked off.

Mrs. Gold, the Mother of Mrs. Durant, informed the Committee, That upon receiving an anonymous Letter, giving her an Account that her Daughter went away about Three Weeks before with her Husband,

no Notice permitted to be carried to any Relation or and had not since been heard of, she applied to her Son-

Friend; and treated with Severity: and she added, that during the whole time flic was never visited by her Mother, nor ever defiled to take any Medicines whatever; that she continued under Confinement in the said House till the 4th of October, when she was, in pur-fuanee of a Writ of Habeas Corpus, granted by Lord Mansfield, carried before his Lordship, who discharged her.

In Support of this Representation Mrs. Hawley called Mr. La Fortune, who declared, that he had known Airs. Hawley for above Two Years part; that on the 5th of September, the Day of her Confinement, she had dined at his House, and that she then told him she had received an affectionate Letter from her Mother, desiring her to go with her upon a Party to Turnham Green; that he advised her not to trust too much to bidden Changes of Temper, and to be upon her Guard; that upon his starting his Objection, she desired him; in case she was absentmore then Two Days, to inquire after her; and that upon inquiring for her, and being told she was gone to Sion, and upon going to without finding her there, he suspected she was put into a Madhouse; upon which he applied to Lord Mansfield for a Habeas Corpus, who refused the Writ, upon the Suggestion that he was not a Relation, but at. the same time ordered Doctor Riddle a Surgeon in Marlborough Street, to visit Mrs Hawley

in-lawr, infilling tipon knowing from him where her Daughter was:

That, upon his Refusal to give her any satislaflory Account of his wife, she applied to Mr. Lidiard-, a Justice of the Peace, who drew from Mr. Durant a Confession, that his Wife was gone to Miles's Madhouse at Horton:

That upon the Mother and the Justice going to Miles's, they were refused the Sight of Mrs. Durant, upon the pretence that Mr. was not at home, until upon Mr. Lidiard being understood by the Person of the House to be a Magistrate, they were admitted; Mrs. Durant was then brought into the Parlour, were Mi s. Milesconfefled to Mr. that the did not

think her mad; and that on the contrary, lhe was confined there only by her Miliband's Order.

Mr. Morrifonattending, at the Desire of Mrs. Du-

rant, to prove that lhe was not insane at the Time of her being forced into Confinement, he declared, that he was at Mrs. Gold's, the Mother of Mi’s. Durant, when the anonymous Letter came, informing her of her Daughter’s ConfinerrJont:

That he had seen Mrs. Durant frequently near the Time of her being carried into Confinement, and never had the lead; Doubt of her being in her Senses; that lie waspresent when Mrs. Gold received the anonymous Letter, and advised her to look after her Daughter;

To pursue the Thread of this Evidence, Mr. Riddle that he wasalfo present the next Day when the Con-

was called before your Committee, who said, that upon being ordered to go to Turlington's Madhouse at Chelsea and visit Mrs. Hawley, lie was re fused Admittance, and allured that no such Person was there:

That during the Dispute, Mrs. Hawley coming to the Window, he saw her, and spoke to her; and that on his Return to Lord Mansfield, he informed his Lordship Vol. 29.

versation palfed between Mrs. Gold, Mr. Lidiard and Mr. Durant, in which Mr. Durant acknowleged his Wife was in a Madhouse; and that being present also when Mr. Lidiard and Mrs. Gold returned from the Madhouse, he then saw Mrs. Durant, who had ho Marks whatever of any Degree of Infanit}'; and that Mr. Durant the Husband, and his Wife did then

and

488 22* Februarii. A. 1763.

awd there, make up all Disagreements at his Interpo* of the whole Number of Persons whom he had confined, Wad*cmks, iition. he had never admitted Due as a Lunatic during the Six

It having appeared to the Committee, in the Course Years he had been entrusted with the Superintendency of the several Complaints, and the consequential Exa- of the House:

minations, that the extraordinary Imprii'onments upon Upon being then asked. If he ever refused any Per-the Imputation of Lunacy, have happened in the fons who were brought under any Pretence whati’oever, Houses kept by Turlington and Miles, your Committee provided they could pay for their Board ? thought they should ill discharge their Duty, or answer He answered, No.

the Expeditions of the House, if they did not summon To close this Evidence, and to bring it to a clear and Mr. Turlington himself, whom they thought both the final issue, Mr. King was a iked this general Question, Objects of the Inquiry, and the common Principles of Whether if Two Strangers should come to his House, Justice required should be ordered to attend. one calling herself the Mother of the other, and charg-

Mr. Turlington informed the Committee, That he ing her Daughter with Drunkenness, he would con-kept a House at Clwljea for the Reception of Lunatics; fine the Daughter upon this Represen tat ion of the but added, that he usually leaves the Management of Woman calling herself the Mother, though the was a the House, and the Admission of Patients, to Mr. Stranger to him, and the Daughter herself was appa* King, his Agent. rently sober at that Time

Upon being asked what Instructions he gave to Mr. He said. He certainly should.

King, in respect to the Admission of Persons, he avowed. Your Committee being desirous of obtaining every

That the Rule was general, to admit all Persons who Degree of Assistance and Information which might were brought; and that in the Administration of the enable them more perfectly to obey the Orders of the House, lie received a Report of the persons admitted House, theyr desired the Attendance of Dr. Bailie and from time to time, but left the Business in general to Dr. Monroe, Two very eminent Physicians, distinguish-M r. King: ed by their Knowlege and their Practice jn Cafes of Lu<*

He added. That, though the House is intended for nacy. the Reception of Lunatics, other Persons are admitted Dr. Baltie gave it as his Opinion to your Committee, as Lodgers: That the private Madhouses require some better Re-

That no Physicians attend the House; that no Regulations; that he hath long been of this Opinion; that gifter of the Persons is kept; that he considered Mrs. the Admission of Persons brought as Lunatics is too Smith (mentioned in a former Part of this Report) loose and too much at large, depending upon Persons merely as a Boarder; and thatlie took her into Confine- not competent Judges; and that frequent Visitation is ment merely at the Desire of her Hu (band, who al- necessary for the Inspection of the Lodging, Diet, leged, That the Neighbours were afraid lhe would set Cleanliness, and Treatment.

the House on Fire; that he received Six Guineas a Being asked, If he ever had met with Persons of ^Quarter for her Maintenance; and that it was not in fane Mind in Confinement for Lunacy ? her Power to go out of the House of lhe would: He He said, It frequently happened: He related the acknowledged that he remembered Mrs. Hawley, whom same of a Woman perfectly in her Senses, brought as he said he believed to have been a Lunatic, and that lhe a Lunatic by her Husband to a House under the was released by a Habeas Corpus directed to Mr. King; Doctor’s Direction, whose Husband, upon Doctor Bat-he denied, in general, the Severities charged upon the lie's infilling he should lake home his Wife, and ex-House by other Witnesses, and expresslyafferted that pressing his Surprize at his Conduct, justified himself Chains were never used. by frankly saying, he understood the House to be a

Mr. Turlington having, in Defence of the Proceed- Sort of Bridewell, or Place of Correction, ings of this House, referred himself to Mr. King, as The Doctor related also the same of a Person whom the Person intruded and employed by him, the Com- he visited in Confinement for Lunacy, in Macdonald!s mittee thought it necessary to summon him. House, and who had been, as the Doctor believes, for

Mr. King said. He had been in the Wool Trade, but forne Years in this Confinement, upon being desired by /or Six Years pad he had been employed by Mr. Tur- Macdonald to attend him, by the Order, as Macdonald lington to keep his Madhouse: pretended, of the Relations of the Patient, he found

That he had received no written Directions from Mr. him chained to his Bed, and without ever having had Turlington; that he found several Patients in the House the Assistance of any Physician before; but some time on his being employed, and all Lunatics; that since after upon being sent for by One of the Relations to a his being employed, he had admitted several for House in the City, and then told, Macdonald had re-Drunkenness, and for other Ileafons of the same Sort, ceived no Orders for desiring the Doctor’s Attendance; alleged by their Vriends or Relations bringing them, the Doctor understood this to be a Dismission, and he which he had always thought a sufficient Authority. never heard any thing mpre of the unhappy Patient, ti)I As to the Treatment, of the Persons confined, he Macdonald told him some time after, that he died of said, That they had the Liberty of walking in the a Fever, without having had any farther medical At-Garden, and passing from one Room to another; and fiftance, and a Sum of Money dev olved upon his Death as to their Diet and Apartments, he said, it was ac- to the Person who had the Care of him. cording to the Allowance they paid, which was from Dr. Monroe informed your Committee, Thathedoqs Sixty to Twenty Pounds a Year: not doubt but several Persons have been improperly con-

He admitted that he knew Mrs. Hawley; that flie fined, upon the Pretence of Lunacy; and he cited two was confined at the Representation of a Woman who particular Instances happening in two different Mad-caJled herself her Mother, and that the Reason alleged houses.

by her for the Confinement of her Daughter was He gave it as his Opinion, That the Method and Drunkenness: He laid he did not remember that lhe Grounds of admitting Patients for Lunacy is too loose, was refused Pen, Ink, and Paper, but at the same time and too much at large:

acknowleged it was the established Order of the House That in the same of Mrs. Durant, mentioned in this that no Letter should be sent by any of the Persons con- Report, Miles, the Keeper of the Madhouse at IIox ton, fined to their Friends or Relations. confelled to the Doctor, that he had been imposed

Being asked upon what authority he admitted People, upon; and Dr. Monroe said, that in his Opinion the charged only with Drunkenness, into a House of Con- present State of the private Madhouses required Regu-finement, kept for the Reception of Lunatics? latiou, with Respect to the Persons permitted to keep

He ^nfwered. Upon the Authority of the Persons such Houses, the Adroifliqn of Patients, and the Vi-who brought them; and he frankly cpnfeljed, that out lit at ion.

J-7 Your

Chailfet and Du Bois* Nac.

Offices

and

Employ.

ments.

3 Geo. III. a 2° — 2 30 Febmarii. 489

Your Committee are sensible that in their Inquiry they confined themselves to a few Cafes, and so a few Houses; but to obviate any Conclusion from thence, that Cafes existing are rare, and the Abuse the Milcon-du£> only of particular Persons, they beg Leave to a shire the House, that a Variety of other Instances, arifingin other Houses, offered themselves for Examination, and that Turlington's House was in no Degree a ('elected Cafe; but taken up by the Committee in the course of the Inquiry, and merely as it prefen ted itself upon the Report of the Witnesses, your Committee reltraining themselves out of a Regard to the Peace and Satisfaction of private Families, from the Examination of more Cafes, than they judged to be necessary and sufficient to establish the Reality of the too great Abuses com [darned of in the present State of private Mad-houses; the Force of the Evidence, and the Testimony of the Witnesses, being at the same Time so amply confirmed, and materially (Lengthened, by the Con-sessions of Persons keeping private Madhouses, and by the Authority, Opinions, and Experience of Doctor Battle, and Doctor Monroe.

Whereupon your Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the present State of Private Madhouses in this Kingdom, requires the Interposition of the Legislature.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Questkm put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as be shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of Private Madhouses in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Serjeant Here illy Mr. Eli ah Harvey, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Wilbrahum, and Mr. Thomas Tozcnjhend, junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Natu ral izing Redo Iff'Nicholas Chaillet, and Abraham Du Bois, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maze-bey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmon/lone, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarritt Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whichcotc, M r. Par her, MDozcde/ivell, Mr. Hezviit, Mr, Gray, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. Harvey, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Glover, Mr. Buller, Sir Robert Lang, Mr. Rice, Mr Clayton, Mr. Shijfner, Lord Grey, Mr. Milles, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Be/f, Sir George Sa-vile, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shut Heitor lit, Mr. Loinufes, Mr. Pryce, Sir George Warren, Mr. Tczvn/hend, Lord Rmjston, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. OJhalde/lon, Mr. Ne/bitt, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Vanjillart, Mr. CuJt, Mr. Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pugh Pryce, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was committed; The Amendments which the Committee' had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cterk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

Vol. 29.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Qm ft on severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mi flakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the lnft Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land l ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most proper and effectual Method of examining, taking, and Hating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Copy of the general Certificate, delivered by the Auditors of the Imprest into th Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the Exoh ;uer in Hilary Term 1763, be referred to the fairl Cor.im ittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Commiftee, That they had cometoaRefohrion; which they had deeded him to report, when the House would pleai'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230;

Anno 30 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Padures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycott, in the Parish of Wilnc, in the County of Derby; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Fenton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mazobey, Lord Grey, Mr, Shiffher, Mr. Webb, Mr. Prcjcott, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Buller, Sir George Sat He, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ga/'coyne, Mr. Rice, Mr. Wilbr a-ham Bootle, Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Aider-mail Dickinfi/i, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Townshend, Lord Orwell, Mr. Fane, Mr. White, Mr. Thomlinjon, Mr. Wynne; and all tlte Members who servefor the Counties of Derby, Northampton, Lincoln, Stafford, Lancaster, Warwick, and Leicester:

6 H And

Land Tax

Commis*

sioners*

Names.

Public

Accounts,

Draycott

liiclolure.

490 23° Febfuarii.. > i 3.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the vented, if a regular Watch had been employed, and Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Power given to enlighten the Streets of the said Town.

Matthew Waters, Esquire confirmed the whole of the Xilmington, ' A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, In- foregoing Evidence.

habitants of the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Dor- Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill,

Road. was presented to the House, and read; Setting for lighting the Streets and other Places, and maintain-

forth, That the Petitioners-find by the Votes of the* in era regular and nightly Watch, within the Town and House, that a Petition has been presented to the House, County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for for a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, from Long Luney in the Parish of Kilmington, and Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same: other Roads in the Petition mentioned; and alleging, And that Sir Walter Blacket and Mr. Ridley do prepare, that if the said Road from Long Lane to Edford, Kil- and bring in, the fame. marfden, and Places adjacent, were repaired, the Inhabitants of the said Counties might be supplied with A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Coals at a much cheaper Rate than they are at present. Town or Borough of Gosport, in the Parish of Alvei'-the said Roads not being at all Seasons of the Year passa- Jhke, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are ble for Carriages; and that by virtue of an Act passed thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Free-in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- holders and Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, jesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading on behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders and from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Inhabitants of Gosport aforesaid, was presented to the Somerset, a Turn pike has been erected near Ntinny, upon House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners the said Road, leading from Long Lane to the said Coal have been informed, that a Petition has; been lately Pits; arid 'Polls are collected for Cattle and Carriages, presented to the House, for a Bill for the better paving which only cross the Road directed to be repaired by of the Streets of the said Town or Borough, and for pre-the said A cl; and that should the said Turnpike be venting Nuisances and other Annoyances therein; and continued, ail Persons travelling the said Road inuft alleging, That the Petitioners have been advised that pay aToll thereat, from whence they receive no Benefit; the Lavvs.now in Force, if put in Execution, are fufti-aftd the same will be a Burthen to the Inhabitants of cient to remedy all the Inconveniences complained of the said Counties, and particularly upon the poor Ma- in the said Petition; and that if any new Act be made nufacturers in and near the Town of Meet, in the for the Purposes in the said Petition mentioned, it will County of Wilts, and Places in the County of DorJ'et, be laying a needless Burthen on the Inhabitants of the who are supplied with Coals from the said Coal Pits: said lo wn: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners

And therefore praying, That the Bill prayed for by the maybe heard against the Matter of the said Petition; said Petition may paf* into a Law; and that Provision and that if it shall appear that the Laws now in Force may be made therein, for restraining the Trustees for are sufficient to remedy the Inconveniences therein putting the said Act in Execution, from continuing the complained of, then the said Petition may be dismissed, laid Turnpike; or that the Petitioners may have such in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, other Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town or Boot’ several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of rough of Gosport, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the Somerset, is referred; and that they do examine the County of Southampton, is referred; and that the Peti-Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it tioners be heard by themselves before the said Com-shall appear to them, to the House. mittee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Gosport

Screen.

Newcastle Sir Waller Blacket reported from the Committee, to U*Ni htinC wh°m ^ie Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Watchf an<^ t^ie rest of ^ie Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the same Town; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Sir Edward Blacket, being examined, said, That the Town of Newcastle is large and populous; that the keeping an able and regular Watch in t he Night, and enlightening the Streets, would tend greatly to the Safety of the Inhabitants, and be a Means of preventing Robberies, Burglaries, and other Misdemeanors:

And that the Regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Common Porters, and Watermen, would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Thomas Dixon, F.squire, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, and added, That in the Mouth of November last, the Town Clerk’s Office in the said Town was broke open, and robbed of a considerable Sum of Money; and that many other Attempts had been made, which he apprehends would have been pre-7

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Abraham Huber, Huber’s was read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill dbpafs: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Abraham Huber.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort be added to the j-awton Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in and a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem oa ’ and Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads thereinto be mentioned.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, _ ,w,

Tradesmen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, in the uivd j" County of Worcester, whose Names are subscribed, on Husbandry. behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting, That by the several Acts , now in Force, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, passed in the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, sundry Injunctions, Prohibitions, and Penalties, are laid on Persons travelling with certain Wheel Carriages, not having the Fellies of their Wheels Nine Inches broad, or which are drawn with more than a certain Number of Horses upon the said Highways; and alleging, that the Bye Lanes which lead from the Farms occupied by many of the Petitioners, at Three or Four Miles Difiance from any

Turnpike

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Militia

OtVicers*

Judulications.

3 Geo. III. 230

491

Turnpike Road, are, by Means of the Narrowness, Depth in hollow Ways, and Soil thereof, impassable for Broad Wheels; and the Widening and Repairing of such Bye Lanes, so as to render them practicable for Broad Wheels, would be an Expence to the several Parishes, beyond what, in their present Circumstances, they are able to bear; and that notwithstanding the Encouragement given by Law to the Use of Broad Wheels, and the Discouragement to Narrow Wheels, the Turnpike Roads in that County, on which Broad Wheels are used, have been much more damaged thereby than others of the like Roads, where they have not been made use of, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Deep-nefsof the Soil in general, to t he permitting Broad Wheel Carriages to carry uni im ited Weights* to the Scarceness of Materials for the Amendment of the Roads, and the In-fufticiency of the lolls of most, if not all the Turnpikes, to answer the additional Expence; not to mention that the Generality of Farmers are by no Means of Ability to go to the Expence of providing themselves with Broad Wheel Carriages, and Horses able to draw lhe fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Laws now m being have by no Means answered the good Purpose intended by them, for the Prefei vation of the Turnpike Roads in that County, but have on Experience been found burthensome and distressing to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief, and under such Regulations as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the County of Worcester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March

1763:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Turner, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Martin, Sir William Baker, Mr. Tmvnjhend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bagut, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Whitzcorth, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Buller, General Tozonjhend, Mr. llarvey, Mr. Dison, Mr. Berkeley, Lord North, Mr. Harris, Mr. O/wald, Mr Ridley, Mr. Onjlozc, Mr. Montagu, Lord Verney, Mr. Piyce, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Lord Hozve, Mr. Rice, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dowdejicell, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Grey, Mr. Maze bey, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Shoftoe, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Gray, Lord Strange, M r. Legge, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Walpole, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Glover, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Wynne, Lord Orwell, Mr. White, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Campbell, Lord Clive, Colonel Hotham, Lord Middleton, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Edmund Thomas: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ciiamber.

A Motion being made. That the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and Wales, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be by him laid before this House, Accounts of all Qualifications, left with, and r eg i lie red by them, of Deputy Lieutenants, and of Officers serving in the Militia; distinguishing each Officer’s Name, the Date and Rank of his Commission, and the Nature of his Qualification;

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

The Order of the Day being read accordingly, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means; for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rejoiced. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being rend, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the most proper and effectual Method of examining, taking, and Hating, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved that a Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House, either in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the Public Money, since the Commencement of the late War.

And the House was moved accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House, either in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the Public Money, since the Commencement of the late War.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One-and- Twenty.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Tuefd'ay next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glafies, of Twenty-one Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glaffcs be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glafies at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Application of such Part of the Sum of One Million, as was issued before the 3 ill of October 1762,pursuant to a Power given by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for ill'uing and applyingany Sun), not exceeding One Million, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of £.215,167 is. \\d. to complete the Sum of i,oooo, oooo£. raised pursuant to an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to defray any Extraordinary Expences of the War, incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762, 8Cc. be rest"i red to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’*

Ways

and

Means.

Supply*

Public

Account

Supply.

492

Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickhifon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickhifon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mornin 2r.

Mr. Alderman Dickhifon also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ins; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

1763.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lav before this House, an Account shewing what final Accounts of any of the Treassurers of His Maieli v’s Navy have been palfed by the Navy Board, since the Year 1744, and the Times when their Accounts were signed by the Navy Board; and also what Accounts of the TreafuiWs of His Majesty’s Navy are now depending, and to what Time their Accounts are respedivt ly passed by that Board; distinguishing the Times when inch Treasurers of the Navy entered upon, and left the said Office, respectively.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Kftimate of the Charge of 22,404 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cq/Jel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1763: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 1,444 Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Bruns wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1763.

And Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

2 30 Febru.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 22,404 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfle Cajfell, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1763.

90 Days German Pay for 2,120 Cavalry, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from 25 Decemr. 176?, to 24th March 1763, (being the Day on which the Four Months Pay, stipulated by Treaty for the Return of these Troops expires) both inclusive - Numbers £. d.

2,120 16,463 18 Oy

90 Days German Pay, as above, for 9,900 Infantry, with the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery ----- 9>9°° 29,832 4 n|

Ordinary Subsidy for 90 Days, viz. from 25th Decemr. 1762, to the Time of the Return of the Troops, at 225,000 Crowns a 'N ear - 13,349 14 IOy

Advanced Snbfidy for 86 Days, from the Date of the Return of the Troops, to 18th June 1763, the Expiration of the Treaty, at 450,000 Crowns a Year - - - -- - 2S.C12 16 IOi

328 Days German Pay for an additional Corps of 920 Horse, and 6,072 Foot, with General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, from ill January 1763, to 24th Novemr. following, to complete the Pay already voted for v this Corps, to a whole Year’s Pay, as stipulated by Treaty - 6,992 OO < CT> ' O O OO

An Augmentation to the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, and of Two Squadrons of Hussars, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, for 335 Days, from 25th Decemr. 1762, to 24th Novemr. 1763, as above specified; viz. Augmentation to Regiments of Horse - - - - 24o Augmentation to 2 Regiments of Dragoons - - - - 176 Augmentation to 12 Regiments of Foot - 2,520 Augmentation to Companies of Chasseurs on Foot - T6 Two Squadrons of Hussars - - - Two Companies of Chasseurs s J 2>952 34,187 14 9*

440 11,233 1 8f

Total - 22,404 218,270 9

War Office,

23d February 1763.

W. Ellis.

1

Accounts*

Navy.

Estimates; Subsidiary Troops.

3 Geo. III.

493

Winfler

lndoiure.

Ho onflow to

lafingftone

Ruaii.

23* — 24* FdruafiL

ESTIMATE of the Charge of If444 Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Oiike of Bninjivick, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Yfear 1763.

86 Days German Pay for 1,205 Cavalry, and 2,208 Infantry, with General and Stall Officers, and Officers and others of the Train of Artillery, from 25th December 1762, to 20th March 1763, (being the Day on which the Months Pay stipulated by Treaty for the Return of these Troops expires) both in cl i! five -

Ordinary Suhfidy, at the Rate of 82,400 Crowns a Year, for 86 Days, from 25th Decemr. 1762, to 20th March 1763 ——

Advanced Subsidy, (being double the former, for 279 Days) from the Time of the Determination of the ordinary Subsidy, to 24th December 1763 86 Days German Pay, for an Augmentation to the above, confiding of 239 Cavalry, and 122 Infantry, as above specified -

Ordinary Subsidy for this Augmentation, as above specified -Advanced Subsidy for D°, from 21st March 1763, as flated above, to 24th December following ——

To make good a Deficiency in the Pay of the said Augmentation, for the Year 1/62 n. ....

Total - -

Number.' £. i.

3.413 8,941 a HtV

4.677 4 —

- - > CO 00 r^. CO 0 CO

361 1,637 12 IlA

494 14

3*209 18 6

- - -u v» 00. hO CO 00. CM

3.774 53,636 9 6,*.

War Office,

23d February, 1763.

W. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisj 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii III*'* Regis, 1763.

PfcAYERg.

LORD George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor, or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winster, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby: And the same was received5 and read the FirstTiiue.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder M ills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basing-stone, near the Town of Bag/hot 9 in the Parish o fWindle-Jham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be committed to Sir Willi cm Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. West, Mr. Xu* genty Sir Charles Fredericky Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Jm 'in, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Cocks, Mr Pryce, Sir George Savile, Mr. Boone, Sir Ellis Cun-lisse, Mr. Townshend, Lord Middlesex, Sir Charles Mor* daunt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt\ Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Major, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Doxvdefwrll, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Whit* wor'/i, Mr. Holt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Byde, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bejl, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Knight, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Olbald son, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gore, Sir Robeit Ladbroke, Mr Lloyd, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Wynd+ ham Knatchbull Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Wilts, Berks, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1763, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz*

Vol. 29.

61

ESTIMATE

Ordnancs

Estimue.

4P4' 34° Februarii. , A. i7$j

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1763.

Ray of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, coniprifing Repairs of Stondioufes, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

Gibraltar 'and North Britain -

St. John's, Ferry Land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia in Newfoundland -

Annapolis Royal - - - - -'

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

‘ Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 14th February 1763; viz.

4 Companies, consisting of 4x8 Men, Officers included, in East India, £. s. d.

from 1 ft January tp 31st December.....11,205 10 o

15 Companies, confining of 1,574 Men, Officers included, in America, the / Vest Indies, Pay in gal, jpidG’ ibr attar, for 6 Months, £. s. d. from ift January to 30th June - -20,848 18

Ditto, to be reduced to 855 Men, Officers included, Tor

6 Months, irom 1 July to 31 December - - 12,466-----

Companies, confiding of 1,254 Men, Officers included, at Woolwich, Scotland, Plymouth, Germany, and Belieijle, for Months, from ift

January to joth April.....12,564-----1

Dirto, to be reduc d to 705 Men, Officers included, for

8 Mouths, from iHMay to 31st December - -17,139 *5 10

33>3I4 18 9

29,703 *5 10

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of ^upercmpuated and difybled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Gerry any. North America, Africa, the Fuji and Wf Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced - r - - - - " J -

Tpwards carrying on the Fortifications, building and re-

E X T R A O R D I N A.R I E S.

f Gibraltar ’ -Annapolis - ‘ -

Placentia - -

pairing Storehouses, apd \ St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, and supplying Stores at - - I Trinity If arbour in Neufound-

... h land - -

Toward? erepiing the n^vv Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Inverness Towards carrying on the Fortifications and repairing Barracks in Scotland ’ ‘ -

Towards building and repair ing C Sheerncfa and Gillingham ‘ Fortifications at - - - [ Portjhiouth and G of port -

Towards completing the Fprtifications at Plymouth Citadel Tow a pis erecting a new* Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purfieet in Essex - - - r. r.

Towards crewing a Storyhouse for containing a large Train of Artillery, with the necessary Stores there\into belonging, on the Gun Wharf at PorfnQUify - - - - r‘ -

To repair the Pier commonly called the Cobbyat Lyme Regis, damaged by a violent Storm in January 1762, pursuant to His Majestyls Warrant, 12t|i November lait -

Pay of Civil Officers tend Artificers at Nero Ydf/r -

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Four Companies of Artillery iti East India....

Pay of Officers and Artificers at Senegal, on the Coast of Africa t. . -Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces at several

Places in North America - ....

Four Months Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants on the Train of Artillery in Germany, to the 30th April, also the Hire of Ilorfes, Driv ers, and Conductors for the said Train, to 28th February -Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

6.000 — —

1.000 -

600-----

i,qqo — — 5?oooo —

1,200 -

1,000 — -

2.500 T — ~ —

1.500 - — , .10,000 t- —

4,000 -

71,988 14 — 511-----

1,362 13 4 i .491 10.-r

c*

7*975 5 —

19*977 i — 10,600 — ____

Charles Frederickr E. Wilmington,

W. R. Earle, Chas. Cocks.

C s. d.

36,256 12 6 i,°47 5 —

1,099 n 2

on 7 i

»,°93 vj 6

74.224 4 7

1,000 — ____

867 5

4.512 13 4

I27,7i2 16 8

76,616 3 4

204,3-9 —

Ordered,

Offices

and

Employments,

Totness,

b(C.

Road.

Harwick

Writ.

Rye

Harbour.

3 Geo. III. 240 Februarii.

495

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabje, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Personsas have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others,' who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act. to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnity Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants* and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in‘their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law: and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh Price do carry the Bill to the Lords and dcGre their Concurrence.

A Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. llcnjd, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Isham, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr Sandys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Toun/hcnd, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Alderman Die kin fan, General Stamvix, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bader, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Ball, Sir Ellis Cnnlijfey Mr. Pent on. Sir George Army t age, Mr. Boone, Mr. Waller, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gore, Mr. Maze bn), Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Balter, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr" Burrell, Mr. Parker. Mr. Major; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somer ct: And they are to m^et this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out anew Writ for the Elect ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the Room of the Right honourable Charles Town field, who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of First Commissioner for Trade and Plantations.

Mr. Nona's reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners and Trnf- tees for putting in Execution an Act made in the 10th Year of King George the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the oth Year of his said Majesty, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, ’in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sufic.v, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him rto report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ploufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'dh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners observed to your Committee, That the said Act, of the tenth of his said Majesty King George the First, is defective in many Respe<5is, and that it is absolutely necessary that some further Powers should be given to enable the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said Act more effectually to carry the same into Execution.

And Mr. Smcafcn, Engineer, being examined, said. That he has lately Purveyed the said Harbour, and finds

Voi,. 29.

that several new Works are neceslarr, in oulcr to complete the same; and he added, that, in his Opinion, it is capable of being made a good Harbour for Ships drawing from 11 to 16 Feet Water.

Ordered, That it be an li.stru&ioii to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Rill for continwingOncMoiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the 11 tli and 12th ear of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been, by several other Acts, continued till the 12th Day of Mmj 1763; and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of SuJ/ex; that they do make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by the said former Acts, for the Purposes of completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye,

Mr. Dowdef cell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Mcfs, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish Church of St. George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, the Right honourable Anthony Lord Fcverfiam, and Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Baronet, Churchwardens of the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Members of the Soled Vestry of the said Parish; Sir Thomas Frederick, Baronet, on Behalf of himself; and Elizabeth and Selina, his Two Infant Children; was -referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he -read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Highmore, Sexton of the said Parish, said. That the Parish is very much increased, and that the Burial Ground is not sufficient; and great Complaints are made by the Neighbours of noisome Smells, some Bodies being buried too near the Surface, for want of -Room; and that it is absolutely necessary to have an additional Burial Ground: Which Evidence was confirmed by,

- Thomas Greji, Grave Digger to the said Parish, who added, That, for want of Room, they w ere forced to bury t he Dead within 3 Feet of the Surface; and that lie had frequent. Complaints made to him by the Neigh- hours, in warm Weather, 6f noisome Smells.

That.it appeared to your Committee, by several Deeds produced and read, and likewise by the Will of the late Sir John Frederick, that Sir Thomas Frederick is, by virtue of the Will of Sir John Frederick, his late Father, deceased, intitled to the Site of the Manor of Paddington, and divers Premises, held under a Lease for Three Lives from the Lord Bishop of ' London, fit 11 ate in the Parish of Paddingtonaforesaid, to him, the said Sir Thomas Frederick, for his Life; and after his Death, to and for the Benefit of his l(Tue, in such Manner as in the said Will and Codicil is mentioned.

Then Articles of Agreement were produced to your 'Committee, and read; whereby it appeared. That the said Rector and Churchwardens have agreed to purchase, and the said Sir Thomas Frederick hath agreed to-fell’, for a Consideration to be paid him in Money, a|l his Estate and Intereil in a certain Piece of Ground, containing Five Acres, in a Field called Tyburn Field, Part of the Premises comprised in the said Lease; and being convenient lor a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish; and that the said Rector and Churchwardens, in order that the said Grounds should be converted into a Burial Ground, ate defirofls that a yearly Rent fluid, a^tcr she Heath of the said Sir Thomas Frederick, be paid for the same by the said Parish; that is to say, Fifteen Pounds a Year during the Continuance of the present Lease from the Bishop of London, and of every ftrbsequent Lease to be madC’Oflhe Premises

from

Hanover

Square

Burial

Ground.

240 Febru

Supply.

496

from Use Sop of London, linto an}r Perfoti claiming un- tier the V/iJi of the said Sir John Frederick, and the \e; r!y Rent of Twenty-five Pounds to the Bishop of London. and his Successors, so long as the same Lease-hp’d Premises shall remain in the Hands or Possession of the said Bishop and his Successors, and nrtt in Lease to any Person claiming under the Will of the said Sir John Frederick.

Then Mr. William Godfrey, being examined, said, That there is a finall Parcel of the Waste of the Manor of Paddington, lying between the said Ground, so con-» trafted for, and the Road, which is necessaryto be made use of for a Paflkge io the intended Burial Ground: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Lord Bishop of London was willing that the same should be applied for that Purpose: Then,

Mr. Henry Critchit being examined, said, That Sir Thomas Frederick having Two Daughters which were Minors, laid the Petitioners under a Necessity of applying for an Act of Parliament to carry the Agreement into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish: And that Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. OJbaldeston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majest>, to enable His Majesty to discharge the like Sum, raised in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1763.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A. 17

who are appointed to prepare ill Estimate of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1760, that they have Power to include in the said Estimate the Amount of 28 Days Subfiitence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Captain.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, Thai, in Obo-to the Commands of this Hous?y of the 1 (ish Day of December fafi, lie bad signified so the Reigning Count La Lip ye Buckcburg their Thanks for his dilitu ferested and spirited Conduct during the fate War in Germany, and for his most important Services to this Country, by defending the Dominions of His Majesty’s faithful and good Ally the King of Portugal; and that he had received a Letter ill Answer from Count La LippeJ as followeth;

Coant La Lipptf

Buckebuig’t Antu'cr to M nfe of 1 hank*

VIZ

Sir,

Militia Pay and Clothing.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Committee who are appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain Called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1760, that they have Power to include in the said Estimate the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words " under the Rank of a Captain."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

It is with the great eft Gratitude that I fee, by the Refutation of the 16th of December of the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament allenibled, that that augu(t Afl’embly condescends to declare their Approbation of my Behaviour during this War.

Although I am not able to express how much I arrt sensible of so high a Distinction, and how much 1 feet the Value of it; I take the Liberty to desire you to lay my most dutiful Thanks before the House, for the Honour they do me: My utmost Desire will always be to merit that respectable Senate’s Approbation, which I consider as an inestimable Reward of my Endeavours* to manifest my zealous and moil respectful Attachment to His Majesty and His Allies.

I beg you will receivemy sincerest Acknowledgements for transmitting to me the Resolution of the House in fa obliging a Manner as you are pleased to do, in the Letter you have honoured me with on that Occasion. I am, with the greatest Regard,

Sir,

Your most obedient

and most humble Servant,

The Reigning Count of Schaumbourg Lippe.

Salva Terra de Magos,

February ift, 1763.

Account

Mr. Bacon, from the Commissioners for Trade and Nova Scow. Plantations, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1760, to the 31st of December following: And also,

An Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from ift of January 1761, to the 31st December following.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Books containing the said Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

Tellers for the Yeas,{e Lord

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put; Ordered, That it be an luftruftiou to the Committee

66.

17-

ACCOUNT

24° FebruariL.

4 91

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760.

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer To Hire, Partlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the public Service ——

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers - - - - . - *-

To Salaries and Allowances to Surgeons and Midwives -

To Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House

To the Pay of sundry Inhabitants of Lunenburg!^ as Militia Guards -

To Repairs, and other Expences of the Vessels - - - ,

To sundry contingent Expences - -

To sundry contingent Expences, relative to the new.Settlements --.*

To Arrears of Governor Lawrence

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1760 - - - \-

Exceedings

£- <1. 148 2 it

3^382

2,622 236 689 200 — 9S0 8 i>347 >3 5*718 19 1,048 19

51

1

10 15 ~ 10 11

7*

41

3

3

i6»375 " 91

11,785 6 10

4^89 I3 I3|

i6»375 —

Jl

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incnrred, by fiipporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761.

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer To Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the public Service ——

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers -

To Salaries, SCc. to Surgeons and Midwives -

To Expences attending the Orphan House - - - - w

To the Pay of sundry Inhabitants of Lunenburgh, as Militia Guards - -

For Repairs, and other Expences of the Vessels in the Service of the Province

To sundry contingent Expences ....

Tofundry Expences, relative to the new Settlements -

Expences on the Public Trade with the Indians +

I. s. d.

J38 17 5

1,456 5 6 2,462 11 —

x79 3 4 514 10 6 106 3 9£

276 16 11}

2.349 1 °i

2,320 17 5

563 16 z

10,368 3 11

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1761

Expenditure

Savings - »*-»*

- IO>595 12 9

- 10,368 3 i|

227 9 7*

£ IO>595 12 9

Vol. 23.

fiX Ordered,

4p8 24® — 250 Februarii. 1763,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the' Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

RHI's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Name. Act for enabling Anne Barbara Hill to take and use the

Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also,

Lade’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^atf* veiling Part of the settled Estate of John Lade the younger, and liefer his Wife, situate at Barbara, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read; vtand Tax The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Nam«erS* W^10^e House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto-, which. they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tormorrow "Morning.,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

PRA YEllS.

Fuham "A yf R. Whichcotc presented to the House, according inclosure. xVA to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a econd Time.

York " A Bill for the better Cleansing and Enlightening the Streets, &c* Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, with* 11 the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lane, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Ellis Cunlife, Mr. Parker, Mr. Whichcote,

Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Buller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Charles Mo rdaunt, Mr.

Rvde, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plumptre, Admiral Coles, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. 0.>baldeston, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Clive, Sir George Savile, Mr. Walter, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Edmohfione, Lord George Cavendish,

Mr. Lascelles, Sir Armine Wodehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcote reported from the Committee, to Tetter whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut from the Caiji Humber, at or near Telney, to the River Ladd, in the Parish of Atvingham, in the County of Uncoln; and for making the said River navigable from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ihe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and th n a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters of Scarborough the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, harbour, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Coal Owners and Coal Fitters of the said River,

Port, and Haven, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of several Acts, made in the 3d and 13th Years of the Reign of King George the First, and the 20th and 3id of His late Majesty, very large Sums of Money have been levied upon the Coal Owners and Fitters, and Factors of the Port of Sunderland, for rendering the Port and Haven of Sunderland safe and commodious; and that a Pier and Quay have been erected at or near the Mouth of the said River; the Channel of the said Port hath been much deepened, several considerable and necessary Alterations and Additions made in the said Pier, and divers other Works done for the Improvement and Security of the said Port, Haven, and River, at a very great Expence; and that by the said several Acts the Coal Owners are liable to pay a Sum not exceeding Three Halfpence for every Chalder of Coals and Cinders brought to the said Harbour; and the Coal Fitters and Factors a Sum not exceeding one Halfpenny for every such Chalder; and that by an Act made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, among other Duties, a Duty of One Halfpenny was laid upon every Chalder of Coals that should be laden on board any Ship, Hoy, or Vessel at Sunderland, for extending and repairing the said Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, and that although the Port of Sunderland is of great public Convenience to all Persons trading the re, and all Persons have equally the Benefit of the Improvements made in the said Port, Haven, and River, yet the Expence thereof has been wholly borne by the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters of that Port only, without any Aid or Contribution either from the Port of Scarborough, or from any other Port whatsoever: And taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers granted by the several Acts for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough; and further alleging, that the further Continuance of the said

Duty

Westnltnfter

faring.

3 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 499

Duty of One Halfpenny per Chalder, in respect of the Harbour of Scarborough, upon all Coals shipped at the Port of Sunderlandwill be a heavy Charge upon the same Port, and tend to the Discouragement of Trade there, more especially as the Petitioners are, and will be, at fa very great an Expence in rendering the Port of Sunderlandextenfively commodious and secure; and if the said Bill ihottld pass into a Law, it will greatly alFeft; the Trade and Property of the Petitioners, and many others: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ceniideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Two A els, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of Ins late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.,

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloom/-bury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

And Mr. Wyatt, Surveyor to the said Corn-

mi ffioners, said, That the said Act is, in many Respects, defective, particularly where it directs that the Rate shall not commence till the Pavement of the Street, or Place where the Rate is to be laid, shall be completed; and that it is necessary to proportion the Rates to he paid in certain Cafes, and to give further Power for preventing Nuisances; and he added, that several other Powers are necessary more efle&ually to carry the said Act into Execution.

And several Members present confirmed the Evidence given by the Surveyor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in (he Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrews JJolborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lan-casier which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Edmonsion, Mr. Kynajhn, and Mr. powdeficetl, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Vojl. 29.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explain ing and amending an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to pwnifti Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for rendering the said Act more efteftunl in that Part of the United Kingdom; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had di-reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Home.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr, Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenfianton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment:^ And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extinguishing the Right of Average, in and upon all the ancient Inclosures in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York; and in Bootham, in the Suburbs of the City of York; and for dividing and inclosing the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the iaft Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Section, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to he raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend* ment, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendment w’as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

A Motion

Making of Bread; Scotland.

Marine

Forces.

Codmanchester,

Sec.

Road.

Clifton

Inclosure.

Woodford*

Inclosure.

Land Tax

Coiti'nifllonert'

Names.

2 Febr1763*

Elevens; Motion was made, anrl the Questiou being pro- eluding those in Germany, Portugal, and Belleijle, for preventing posed> T[iat j eave be given to bring in a Bill to pre* 121 Days, from the 25th December 1762, W 24 April Votes for vent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections 1763, both inclusive: Apd also,

Chief. of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Gnrrifop*,

Boroughs; and other His Majesty’s Land forces in Great Britain,

The^House was moved, That an Act, made in the from 25th April 1763, to 24th December followjpg, First Year of King William and Mary, intituled, An being 244 Days, both inclusive* And also,

AS declaring the Eights and Liberties of the Subject, E(Lmate of tire Charge of His Majesty’s Forces!# $he

and settling the Succession of the Crown, might be Plantations, at Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, &artinwp> a*d read: the Huvannak, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1 7.62

And the same being read accordingly; to 24t h April 1763,130th inclusive: And also.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Estimate of the Charge of I lis Majesty’s Forces prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections serving in the Plantations, including those in Garrifou of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Bo- at Minorca and Gibraltar, for 244 Days, from 25th

roughs: And that Mr. Ridley, Sir John Turner, the April 1763, to 24th December following, both iiuita-

Lord Canjsfort, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir George Savile, five: And also,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Delaval', Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Alderman Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot Dickin/ou, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gascoyne, the serving in the East Indies, for 365 Days, from Lord Strange, Sir John Philipps, and Mr. Nichotfon December 1762, to 24th December 1763, both inqiu-Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. five: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of ttoijfe Ek&ioas; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill serving in Germany, and of Four Regiments of Fowl fraidulcm to Prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the serving in North America, on the Irish Establishment, Votes for -Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to for 121 Days, from 25th December 1762, to 24th April Counties, the Right of voting, by virtue of an Annuity or Rent 1763, both inclusive: And also.

Charge: And that Sir Walter Blackett, the Lord Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Strange, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shaftoe, and Mr. Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1763.

Delaval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followed); viz.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Army Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and

Iftunatea, other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, in-

500

t

In Great Britain.

3 Geo. III.

2.5 0 Fehmm

5°*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain; including those in Germany, Portugal, and Belleijlc, for 121 Days, from the 25th of December 1762, to: the 24th of April 1763, both inclusive.

" f First Troop of Horse Guards -0$ j Second Ditto o 1 First Troop of Grenadiers L Second Ditto -

? $ Lord Albemarle's Regiment -2° I Sir Robert Rich's

| V Lord Aberdour's Corps

Lieut. Col#. Hale's

r\

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment Third Regiment -Major General Jeffreys's Regiment Lord Geo. Beauclerk's Lord Paumure's Lord Loudoun's -Colonel Oughton's -Lieut General Leighton's Lord Robert Manners's -Cclpnel Gray's ' -

Colonel Canj's -g / Lord Adam Gordon's In \ Major General Lamb ton's Colonel Trapaud's Major General Petitot's Major Byng's -Major Johnsion s -Lieut. Colo. Tonyn's Lieut. Colo. Barre's Lieut. Col°. Beau clack's Major Markham's -Major 3/flc Lean's Major Craufurd's -Capt. Steele's Company -Capt. Campbell's -VCapt. Rober (Jon's -

Lt. General Parsons's Regiment Lord Lindores's -Major General Parker's g Major Acklands' Corps -Major Cliffe's Lt. Colo. Lind's -8 Independt. Companies

NUMBERS.

181

181

177

17e

672

672

120

7!3

3189

2048

2048

I034

1034

1034

1034

1034

1034

io34

1034

1034

1034

1034

io34

io34

575

496

746

1034

746

578

49s

496

114

114

114

VOL. 29.

755

1017

1017

3*3

261

208

439

7*5

1 >344

833

26,236

4,010 -

33.4 c

Pay of the Corps for.121 Days.

5.83s 4 8

5.83s 4 8

3>So3 15 8

3.5s 1 8 8

9,614 9 2

9,614 9 2

i,79° 16

9»5S5 1

23*233 — . 2

15,001 *9 8

15,020 2 8

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,oS3 6 4

6,o33 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

3,384 *9 6

3>!47 — 2

4,808 14 10

6,°33 T7 4

4,80S 14 10

3, S5S 4 4

3>*53 I 2

3,>53 I 2

645 6 8

639 5 8

039 5 8

4,i77 10 6

4,836 *7 9

4,836 9

1,845 5 —

1,542 *5 —

1,240 5 —

2,482 — 3

8

T ot*a l.

18,837 13 8

19,228 l8 4

IL355 *7 "

GRAND

TOTAL.

166,472 16 2

21,061 11 3

236,956 16 5

6 L

Royal

502

250 Februarii.

2*1763.

>v

►2,) hU C

<3

s<

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

Second Regiment Ditto -

Third Regiment Ditto -

Lieut. General Comvay's Regiment

Duke of Argyll's -

Lt. General Cholmonde ley's

Lieut General Mqftyn's -

Sir John Mordaunfs

Lord A nc ram's -

Major General Elliott's -

Lieut. General Hodgson's Regiment

Major General Barrington's

Lt. General Borland's

Lt. General Napier's

Lt. General King lily's

Lt. General Geo. Bofcaiccn's , -

Lt. General Cornwallis's

Lord George Lenox's

Sir John Griffin's -

Lieut. General Stuart's

Major General Carr's -

Major General Brudenell's

Lieut. Colo. Keith's

Lt. Colo. Campbell's

'I f

to £Col°. Burgoyne's Regiment

Q r

Lieut. General Howard's Regiment Colonel Lambert's -Colonel Frederick's Colonel Armstrong's Colonel Craufurd's Lord Blayney's - -

0 )

s.{

S<

(Colonel Fonefler's Regiment -Major Aldcrton's -Lieut. Col°. OfzvalcCs Major Naime's - -

Major Deaken's -Lord Warkworth's [Major Hamilton's

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

NUMBERS.

From which deduct,

The vacant Pay of the Men wanting to complete the said Regiments, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1762, to 24th April 1763, according to the latest Returns

Remains, the Pay of Effectives only -Garrisons in Great Britain, with Fire and Candle -Contingencies upon Account -

Total

7°5

516

516

516

516

516

516

516

516

718

*34

1034

I034

I034

*°34

I034

>«34

I034

1034

1034

io34

io34

918

919

I034 io34 1034 1156 1610 "59

io35

688

828

496

496

747

496

War Office, 25th February 1763.

518

5>551

*4.245

712

7,027

20,314

7.739

4,786

>5.977

9,617

56,360

36,360

Pay of the Corps for 121 Days. Total.

_ h,68o 10 S

*0,494 7«699 14 8

12 8

7,(,99 1 2 8 j

7,699 12 8

7,699 12 8

7,699 12 8

7,699 12 8

7,699 12 8

7,699 12 8

9*795 19 2 81,887

*5 2

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

5>346 3 8

5,346 3 8 83«752

3 4

- 4k - 9,605 7 8

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,776 —

9,348 5 2

6,963 11 — 4*,352

*5 2

6,251 *3 4

3,963 *5 2

5,3" 18 —

3,i53 1 2

3453 1 2

4,869 4 10

3,153 1 2

z

- - - 4

I2,6l6 6 2

10,000 —

" -

- - - 4

GRAND

TOTAL.

177,320 9 2

50,958 2 10

29,855 14 10

495,091 3 3

32,390 6 7

462,700 16 8

22,616 6 2

485,317 2 10

W. Ellis.

ESTIMATE

3 Geo. III.

25° Feb ruar

5<*3

E ST IM AT E of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain,

i /

from 25th April 1763, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 244 Days.

ffirft Troop of Life Guards -Second D°

First Troop Grenadier Guards

Second D* - '

lloyal Regiment ofrHorfe Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

Second D° -

Third D° - -

Lieut. General Conway's Dragoons

Duke of Argyll's -

Earl of Albemarle's - -

Sir Robert Rich's -

Lieut. General Cholmondeley's

Lieut. General Mostyn's

Sir John Mordaunt's -

Earl of Ancram's

G

O

o

to

a

o

£ Major General Elliott's Light Dragoons *5 ") Colonel Burgoyne's -

o'*

First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream D* -

Third D°....

Sir Hennj Erskine's 2d Battalion -General Guise's -Lord Robert Bertie's - -Major General Barrington's / Lieut. General Napier's -Lieut. General Pidtney's Major General Jefferyes's Earl of Panmnre's - -

Lieut. General Bofcawen's -Lord George Lenox's -Colonel Oughton's -Lieut. General Leighton's -sJLord Robert Manners's

fNlajor General Parsons's Regiment Lord Lindores's -Major General Parker's Major AcklancCs -Major Cliffe's -Lieut. Colonel Lind's -y8 Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

War Office, 25th February 1763.

Total

NUMBERS.

- - l8l . V 1

- l8l - ’ -

- - 177 -

- - I76 -

- - 3!9 -

— 1,034

- - 345 -

- 231 -

- - 231 - -

- - 231 -

- - 231 -

- - 231 -

- - 231 -

- - 231 —

- - 231 -

- - 231 -

- - 231 -

*,655

- - 231 -

- 231 -

462

- - >649 -

- - 1058 - -

- - 1058 -

- - 529 -

- - 529

- - 529 -

- - 529 V

- - 529 -

- - 529 "

- - 529 "

- - 5 29

- " 529 -

- - 529 -

- - 529 -

- - 529 -

- - 529 -

- - 10,642

- - 555 -

- - 495 "

- - 495 -

- - 3*3 -

- - 261 -

- 208

- - 416 - -

2,743

m — - >7,536

Pay of the Troops Regiments 244 Days.

and for

TOTAL.

11*768 i i,7f>8 7,267 7,181

17*417

18

18

2

10

12,619

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

8.621

17

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

8,621

8.383

30.737

19,894

19.930

7,397

7.568 7,665

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

7.568

18 — 2 8 14

5

13

I I I I I I I I 1

6,909

5.974

5.974 3>741 3*111 2,501 4-831

5 4 *9 —

19

55,404 5 4

25,232

10,000

12 4

98,833 4 4

17,004 15 4

168,874 8 8

33,0*3 7 4

35»232 i* 4 408,372 13 4

Vol. *9.

estimate

£°4

2 5° Februarii.

.Ill -417^3

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, at Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Martinico, and the Haoannah, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1762, to 24th April 1763, both inciufive.

Pay of the Regiments, JAc. For 121 Days. TOTAL.

5,24ft .7 1 6.

4,647 8 2

4,647. ,8. .2

10,510 1.7 4

5.-333 :;i‘ 6; 1

6,066 2 8

4,647 8 2

21,417

7,409 4 8 " i 1 *.

!7>29* 5 2 ,

7,291 5 2

3-326 9 10 V

6,045 J9 4

> 639 5 8

2,367 11 4

353 18 6

817 15 2 f

1,945 1 6

1,671 16 4.

101,677 >6 Or

962 i9 *.

3.665 4 2.

1-627 5 IO

; 666 13 4 v:

' 6,$22r j2 6

b <J\ 0 0

5»I05 3 10 .;

5,050 14 ,10 '

5,050 14 10 i

5,050 14.. 10

5,050 14 ro

30,35818 —

- i,4°i i|) 1

543 8 10

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

6,088 6 4

18,264 1.9 —

,i.634 ,.7 9

4.863 3 jo

8,116 1 6

4.778 9 10

3.599 15 —

2»745 13 10 L —

24,103 4 —

1,174 1 8

Royal Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion -

Major General Monckton*s Regiment - -

Major General Talbot's*

Lord Murray's - -

Major General Bofcawen's - -

Major General ....

Colonel Ganfel's

Royal American Regiment - -

Colonel Irwin's -

Colonel Montgomery's -

Colonel Frafcr's - - - - -r

Colonel Wit mot's -

Colonel Worge's -

Captain Hopkins's Independent Company - -

Four Independent Companies at iVac - -

One Company at Bermudas -

One Company at the Itland of Providence - -

Three Companies atSouth Carolina - -

Major Goreham's Corps of Rangers -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Halifax,'Placentia, and Saint John's - -

Officers serving with the Forces in N. America Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in Ar°. America Contingencies upon Account - - ’ - -

GIBRALTAR. General Guise's Regiment - - "

Lord Robert Bertie's -

Lieut. General Pulteney's Colonel Tovey's -

Major General Parjlow's Sir David Cunyngham's

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

Officers of the Garrison at Quebec, fife.

GUADELOUPE. Lieut. General Dufoure's Regiment Sir William Boot/iby's -Lord Viscount Malpas's -

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

MARTINICO. Major General Colvil's Regiment Colonel. Rufone's - -

Lieut. Colonel Monckton's -Lieut. Colonel Gray’s

Major Broughton's 1 ? - -

Officers of the Garrison, fife.

NUMBERS.

825

7^5

£15

1651

825

9*5

7J5

33oi

1156

u53

"53

567

1034

114

445

53

ISO

345

286

16,123

815

815

8i5

815

815

I034

I034

i034

746

747

573

*461

4,890

3^02

3.921

HAVA NXA II.

3 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

55

IIA VA UN AH,

Lieut General Whitmore s Regiment Sir Jeffery Amherst's -Major. General Game’s.

Lieut. General TVarburtons

Major General Tozonjhend's Lord Frederick Cavendish's -General* Otway's -Major General Armiger's -

Major General Noel's -Lieut. General Jl/tfrray’s -

Colonel Keppel's

Duke of RichmoncCs -

Colonel Grant's -Colonel Burtons -Major Fuller's Corps -

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving under Lord Albemarle -

Deduct, for the vacant Pav of 11,404 Men, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1762, to 24th 1763, both inclusive, being the Number of Men wanting to complete, borne on the latest Returns -

Remains, for the Pay of Effe&ives only - -

Provisions for a Regiment at Nova Scotia and Neiofound-landy deducing 4 d. per diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence, remains to be borne by the Government -

'Provisions for the other Two Regiments at Nova Scotia -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Regiments at Quebec -Provisions for the Regiments at Guadeloupe -Provisions for the Regiments at Senegal, &c. -Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence -

Total

NUMBERS.

x>°34

746

825

7X5

7*5

L°34

825

825

7i5

7X5

x>034

I>°34

582

746

229

Pay of the Regiments, for I2i Days.

TOTAL

XI>774

39,810

u,4°4

28,406

28,406

6.088 4*863 5*333

4.647

4.647

6.088

5.333

5.333

4.647

4.647

6.088

6.088

3,437

4,863

*,3*9

4

IO

6

2

4

6

6

2

4

2

10

16

1,281 1

2,562 1

I2, QOO ---

11,152 15 8,149 4

n>9°5 lS 152 1

73,435 i

6,671 7 9

—— ----- — -..J

266^187 X2 11

34»497 a 231,690 10 11

11

8

47,203 — T 278,893 II —

War Office,

35 th February 1763.

TV. Ellis*

Vol. 2$.

0 M

ESTIMATE®

A. 1763

25® Febrmrii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, for 244 Days, from the 25th of April 1763, to the 24th of December following; both

inclusive.

Lieut. General Dumtre's Regiment

Lieut. General Whitmore's -

Sir Jeffery Amherfi's -

Major General Monckton's -

Major General Gtfg£*s - , -

Lieut. General War barton's -

Major General Towi{/!ie?i(fs

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

General Otipay's - -

Major General Talbot's -

Major General A/fniger's^ - -

Lord jfe/m Murray's - -

TSajor General Stanwix's -

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions

Lieut. General Abercrombie's

Major General Afe/’s - r

Major General John Bofcazvens -

Lieut. General Thomas Murray's

"Sir Wittiam Boothby's , -

Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Halifax, Placentia, and Saint John's -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America -Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in A^. America Contingencies upon Account -

-M;INyO~RCA>

' Lieut. General Howard's Regiment -Lieut. General Boclands

Sir JoAn Griffin Griffith - _ -

Lieut. General Stuart's - ’

-Officers-of the Garrison, &c. - -

GIBRALTAR.

Lord George Beauclerk's Regiment -Lieut. General Kingjley's -

Lieut. General Cornwallis's -

Earl of Loudoun's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

Officers of the Garrison of Quebec, &c. - -

Provisions for a Regiment of Foot at Afoofl Scotia and Afau-foundland, deducing 4*/. per diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man towards that Expence, remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for the other Two Regiments in Nova Scotia -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Regiments at Quebec -Provisions for the Regiment at Senegal -

Total r

War Office,

25th February 176$.

W. EM*

NUMBERS. pay of the Regiments, 62V. for 244 Days. TOTAL

500 - - 7*59 7 4

5°° - 7» *59 7 4

5 00 - 7*59 7 4

A00 - 7..i 59 -7 4

500 7>*59 .7 4

J°° - 7* 59 7 4

5°o - 7*59 7 4

500 - 7*59 7 4

500 " 7*59 7 4

JOQ . 7.159 7 4 I.

-500 - 7.159 7 4

500 - 7*59 7 4

500 - 7.256 19 4

1,001 - V 14,489 10 8

500 - 7> *59 7 4

.500 - 7*59 7 4

500 - 7*59 7 4

500 - 7*59 7 4

5°° " 7*59 7 4

10,001 *43.455 *4 8

- 1,925 18 4

♦ m - ’ 7.33° 8 4

m m ~ - 3.*54 8

’ - — *»33.J 6 *8

529 7»568 1 4

-529 - 7*568 1 4

529 - 7*668 1 4

529 2,1x6 7.568 1 4

30,275 5 4

~ " t 4,260 2 6

529 - 7.568 1 4

529 - 7.568 1 4

529 - 7.568 1 4

5*9 j) llfv 7.568 1 4

50,572 5 4.

- 2,803 18 2

1,086 17 10

m 2.56* 1 11

- 5*24 3 xi

*3.79* 8 2

- 10,49$ 9 5

23*811 XI 3

SJ1 cc — > OQ

*4.232 1 c 281,781 3 6

ESTIMATE

3 Geo. Ill

250 Februarii.

m

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot serving in the East Indies, for 365 Days, from 25th

December 1762, to 24th December 1763, both inclusive.

Colonel Draper's Colonel Coote's -Lieut. Colonel Morris's Colonel Motion's -

War Office,

.25 th February 1763.

W. Ellis.

r N ambers- £ * d.

993 19,122 19 2

- - 993 19,222 19 2

m m t - . 747 i4.505 14 Z

»°37 18,630 4 2

Total - 3.770 i ' 72,381 16 8 say

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse serving in Germany, and of Four Regiments of Foot serving in North America, on the Irish Establishrae#t, for 121 Days, from 25th December 1,762, to 24th April 1763, both inclusive.

The British Establishment for Lieut. General Dejean's Regiment of Horse, from 25th December 1762, to 24th April 1763 -Paid by Ireland, for the said Regiment, for the same Time - Numbers. £ 7,902 6 2 3,542 10 IX

347

JL/Iijci cute * Lieut. General Hollywood's Regiment of Horse, the same The British Establishment for Lieut. General Abercromby's Regiment of Foot, for the same Time - Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same Time - niffprpnf'p ..... 347 825 5»3 ?3 6 2,882 4 10

Lieut. General Lascelles's Regiment, the same - - - - -Lieut. General Webb's, the same - - - - -The British Establishment for Major General Anjtruther's Regiment, for the same Time ----- Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same Time - - n i ffprpnpp ..... 825 825 - 7*5 4,647 8 2 4,281 i 8

Total

3,884

War Office,

25th February 1763*

W. Ellis.

4> 359 4»359

M5*

2>45°

2*45°

366

16,438

s. d.

15 3

»5 3

16 8

16 8

16 8

6 6

T

7 —

----- — ..J — - a ‘ :rr — ' = "1 = ' 7-y- -=*=: 7 i i — graagy

» v;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 176^.

For 3IJ5 Dayi.

General and Staff Officers in Great Britain - - - 11,291 8 6{

War Office,

Feby.i 5th 1763.

tr. Ellis.

Vol. 29. Ordered

Accounts; Imports and Exports of

Scotland*

Private

Madhouses.

Ways

ana

Means.

Supply.

25 — 28°

A. 1763.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

t; The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar* presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all the Exports and Imports to and from Scotland, and His Majesty’s Settlements in North America,{yom Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1760; distinguishing each Year, and each Place: And also*

- An Account of the > Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported to Scotland, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1754; and also from Christmas 1754, to Christmas 1760; distinguishing each Year, and each Place: And also,

An Account of the total Values of Imports and Exports to and from Scotland, and all Countries, except His Majesty’s lfles and Plantations, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1760; distinguishing each Year; with a Medium of the First, and of the last Six Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused=by the Members of the House.

Tiie said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffiom

Ordered, That Mr. Ward be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Regulation of Private Madhouses in this Kingdom.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolced, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between the ill of November 1762, and 19th of February 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Com-ttiittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ....

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refcfccd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nfext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna;, 28° die Febru

Anno 30 Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1763.

PraYers.

SIR Edicard Bayntun reported from the Committee, Ormharo to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Iuclofai* Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Valle Grounds, within the Manor and Parish o(Greetham, in the County of Rutland, w as committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Gainsborough, on the Behalf of the Right honourable Hemy Earl of Gainsborough, her Son, an Infant, to whom flie is Guardian; w'&s referred; That the Committee had heard the said Earl by his Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Hopkinjon, whose Property in the said Lauds consists of Eight Acres; and who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of tl#

Lands intended to be inclosed, contain Yard Lands, and 35 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no, other Person except the said Earl, who had been heard by his Counsel, appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Marfleet Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Inclosure. Lordship of Marjleet, in Holder ness, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Parker, Mr. Which-cote, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Brudenell,

Mr. Clive, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Hewett, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Montagu, Lord Pollington, Mr. Howe, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Ban e,

Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Glover, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Lord Royjion, Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Si vFrancisPlake Delaval, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Edwin Lascelles,

Mr. Coventry^ Lord Howe, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Irwin,

Sir Roger htewdigate, Sir George Moiitgomery Metham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the , Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, w*tnn._ and Paftnre Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wei- inclosureT lingore, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second

Time;..... ....

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cote, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Parker, Sir Geo.

Savile, Mr. Sandys, Mr Chaplin, M r.RobinJim, Mr. EcU monfione, Mr. Byde, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. TiijfneU.,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Morris,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr.

Noel, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Dajinccod,

Mr. Harris, Sir William BeauchampProclor, Mr, Buller,

Lord Broivrdoxo Bertie, Mr Archer, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Penton, Mr, Whitworth^ Mr. Bacon, Mr. Logh,

3 Geo. III. 28° Februarii.

509

Mr. Tcmnjhend\ Mr. Butler, Mr. Shaftoe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pirtcn Mr. Coventry presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and in doling several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Pirton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Derby, Lord George Cavendish reported from ihe Committee, *c- to whom the Petition of several of the Tr 11 flees, for 03 ’ putting in Execution an Act passed in the 32d of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford-, and also the Petition of several of the Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act passed in the 32d Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Derby to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, on Behalf of themselves, and many others of the Trullees named in, and appointed by the said Act; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Fepiyhough, being examined, said, That Persons frequently evade the Payment of the Tolls di-reded to be paid by the said Act; that it will be necessary to erect a Bridge over one Part of the Road, which is frequently overflowed with Water; and that the Ad has been found defective in other Particulars; and that it will be necessary to enlarge the Term and Powers thereby granted, in order to enable the Trustees to borrow such further Sum of Money as may be necessary to complete the Repairs of the said Roads.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition;

The said Mr. Fernyhough said, That the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road at Cliff Bank, in the Parish of Stokeupon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, to Snape Marsh, in the Parish of Shelton, in the said County, is become very ruinous, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 32a \ ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of*Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffe Bank, to Snape Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford .* And that Lord George Cavendish, Nlr. Laf-celles, the Lord Grey> and Mr. Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Littbn Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Pastures and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tidewell, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 29.

A Bill to continue and render more efifectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from High-gate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet BlockhouJ'e, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Caneivood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampflead in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhoije, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley, aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde, Sir William Beauchamp PrcBor, Mr. Parker, M r. Clive, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventiy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonflon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Burgher/}’, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Serjeant Heicett, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Price, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Harris, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Jffryes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ross, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Nlr. Lafbelles, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mackay, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Butler, Lord Clive, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Movdaunt, M c. Wilbraham Bootle, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Curzon, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Darner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Bucks, Huntingdon, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor, or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winjier, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Byde, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Totvn/hend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Penton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Walsingham, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Buller, Sir William Baker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. West, Mr. TuffneU, Mr. Edmonflon, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, S\v William Meredith, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Nicholas Calvert, Lord Midleton, Mr. Lozvndes, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Whately, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Lafcetles, Mr. White; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Chester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Buller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Ilighei' Water Gate and Redruth, through Ponfnooth and Given-nap Moors; and the Parishes of Gluvias, Perran, Ar-wothall, Slitheans, Gwennap, and Redruth, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby, was committed That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, of the annual Value of £.3®, or thereabouts, who were all applied to (except John Jackson, who is abroad, and is possessed of £. 10 a Year, part of the said £. 30; but whose Brother declared, that if the said John was at home, he would be for the Inclosure) but refused to sign the 6 N BUL

Highgate

to

Barnet

Roads.

Winster

Iaclo&rc;

Penryn

Roads.

Scropton

Inclosure.

510

28° Februorii. 1763.

Bill; and at the lamfc time said they would.not oppose it; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed is of the annual Value 6f /. 1,954 5 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table* Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cambridge The Lord Royston presented to the House, according to to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and

Road keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cam-

bridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a PJace called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coventry Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-

S:r<ets. mittee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, Can few ays, Lanes, and Passages, in the City of Coventry and its Suburbs, for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there; is committed.

Chaillet Mr. Maxobey reported from the Committee, to whom . the ingrossWi Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat*8 Naturalizing Rodolff Nicholas Chaillet and Abraham Du Bois, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the said Bill was read, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafc.

Ordered, That Mr. Maiobey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kie&ionsj Ordered, That Sir Ellis Cunliffe and Major General preventing Lamb ton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed *Vo?«for *° lm*i);u'e> al,(l b*'*0# in> a Bill to prevent oceafional cities. Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

Making The House was moved, that an Act made in the 31st of Bread; Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, Scotland, ^n Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, might be tead.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr Coventry, and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in', the fame.

Land Tax An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names Comnnflioners’ of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act panics. maf]e in the last Session of Parliament to put in Execution an Act made in "the same Selfton, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, toget her with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Selftou of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10, 1. 17, after " to insert " Mr,

William Jennings Clerk, Reverend Mr. HodgckinfonE L. 30, after " " to insert tC John Slade, of

Boomer."

Pr, 13, 1. 3, after<c " to insert " Henry

Crabb Boulton.1*

Pr. 15, J. 4, after " ’* to insert, " for the County of Denbigh, Robert Cunliffe

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament to pul in Exe^uiion an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land l ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1762; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1763.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the same wis read; and isas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Fifty-one thousand Two hundred and Forty-nine Pounds and six Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services incurred, from the First day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and S.xty-two, to the Nineteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-tliree, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ’

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to* punish Persons who shall, adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made; in the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland j and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion

Supply,

Making of iread Scotland.

Preservation

of

Turnpike

Roads.

Tetney

Canal.

Ways

and

Means.

Supply.

3 Geo. III. 28° Februarii — 1° Martii. 511

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a bill for preserving and amending the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Use of Broad Wheels;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TOlers for, heYc.s{M^. }»3.

Tel lers for the Noes, J6j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Shuttleworth, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut from the Humber, at or near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making the said River navigable from thence to or near the Town of I/mth, in the said County; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

.The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Charge of 22,404 Men, the troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1444 Cavalry, and 2330 Infantry, the troops of the Reigning Duke of BrunJ'wick, in the pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Ileffe Cqffel, signed at Hanover, June 18, 1755; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of November 1755> be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, concluded and signed at London, January 17, 1759, and Translation, which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 17/^9, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Separate Article belonging to the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, concluded and signed at London the 17th January 1759, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1759, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of aConvention between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cqffel, concluded and signed at London the First of April 1760, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Reign ing Duke of Brunswick, concluded and signed at Mar purg the 14th of January 1760, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, concluded and signed at Paderborn, March 5th 1760, and of the Declaration thereto annexed, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration, referred to in the Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Duke of Bnuiftvick, signed at Paderborn, March 5th

1760, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon llie 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of BrunJ'wick Lune-burg, concluded and signed at Brunswick the igth August

1761, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of December 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1763, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. 0

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this llonfe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, i° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Staff'rd and Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that aPetition is prefen ted to the House fora Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the Roads from rru//c/tT/I?77f/gctothe Turnpike Road at Forbridge, near the Borough of Stafford; and from Stafford, through Bridgeford and Eecleshall, to Ireland's Cross, in or near Woore; and from the Turnpike Road in Stafford to the Turnpike Road in Sandun, leading from WolJ'eley Bridge to Stone; are become very ruinous, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That a Clause, or Clauses, may be added to the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and altering, or turning the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, was also presented

Newport 6c c. Roads.

£i2 i* MartiL jf. 1763.

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House for Leave to T bring in a Bill to repair certain Roads from the Town of Newport, in the County of Salop, to the Towns of Stafford and Eccleshall: And praying, That the Road from Newport to Eccleshall may be carried by High Offley, and not over Wood's Eaves Common; and that the Road may be continued from Eccleshall, by Mill Meece, to Trent ham, in the Road to Newcastle, in the County of Stafford; and alleging that the Inhabitants of Sutton, High Offley, Wefion, Jones, Adbaftan, Tunstall, Bbre, Pipe, and many others, will be greatly burthened by the Turnpike at Nexoport, unless the Road leading from For ton, by Adbajton, to Broughton, into the great Road to Wore and Manchester, be added to the said Bill, being now in several Parts very ruinous and narrow, and the Inhabitants not being able to repair the same sufficiently by the Laws in being: And therefore praying such Remedy as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Cousideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Whithurst A Bill for, repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-to pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road be-Roail.ry tween Ofueflry and Wrexham, at or near Whithurst's . House, through Llangollen, to the raoft proper and commodious Joining the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dwyrarch; and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acrefair Colliery, to the Finger Poll at the Joining of the Road leading from OJxveftry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Sandys. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, 5Av.Kynaston, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Pye, Mr. Glover, Mr. Norris, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Parker, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bullet, Lord Clive, Mr. Houblon, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Ward, Mr. Patton, Mr. Cust, Mr. Pennant, Admiral Cotes, Mv.Jackson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Willy, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Drax; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bethnal Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Green the Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the oor‘ Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green,

in the County of Middlesex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true *, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Laws Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, <*nceming to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, or new making Keepers, and Commonalty of Freemen of the My fiery*

of Coopers, of the City of London, and of the Suburbs of the same City; and also the Petition of the Muller and Keepers, or Wardens, and Commonalty of the My-fiery or Art of Brewers, of the City of London-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and her read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act of the 23d Year of King Henry the Eighth w as read, Whereby Brewers are restrained from making Vessels, wherein they shall put Beer or Ale for Sale; and the said Act requires, that all fitch VeflMs shall be made and marked by the common Artificers of Coopers; that SoapmaJkers, who shall fell Soap by the Barrel, or other Vessel, shall cause the same to be made, according to the Rates, Weights, and Assizes* in the said Act mentioned; and authorizes the Wardens of the Mystery of Coopers, within the City of London, when they shall think convenient, taking with them an Officer of the Mayor, to search and gauge all Rich Vessels within the City of London, the Suburbs thereof, and Two Miles Riftance without the fame, and to mark such Vessels, containing their true Contents, for which the said Wardens are to have One Farthing for each Vessel so gauged and marked; and if they shall find any Vessels defective, not bearing their true Contents, the said Wardens are impowered to seize and detain every such Vessel, and cause the same to be amended, according to the true Contents, or may cause the same to be burnt; and the Owner of the Vessel is to forfeit Twelve Pence for every Vessel that is not of the full Contents mentioned in the said Act.

Mrs Benjamin Clempfon being examined, said, That the Coopers used formerly to seal all calks, but that this Custom as been discontinued for about 25 Years.

Mr. John Edifon, Clerk to the Coopers-Comps ny, informed your Committee,'That the Company formerly made Searches every Year; but that they brought an Action against one Mr. Blake, aSoapmaker, about 25 Years ago, for felling Casks that were not sealed, in which they were nonsuited, and it was the Opinion of the Court, that the said Act, so far as it relates to Soap Vessels, is virtually repealed by forae subsequent Laws of Excise:

That the Profits arising from searching, gauging, and marking Vessels, having, in Consequence of such virtual Repeal, been greatly diminished, the said Wardens have aifeontinued making Searches since that Time, as the Benefits have been inadequate to the Expence.

John Chillcot, a public Gauger, being examined said, that great Frauds are committed in making Vessels; and that he has known some fold for 36 Gallon Casks, which contained no more than Thirty-two Gallons.

Mr. Alexander Whitchurch and Mr. Edifon said. That the Brewers Company are defiroiis that some Regulation should be made, in regard to the gauging and sealing of Casks.

And all the Witnesses said, That such Regulation, would be of great Advantage to the Public.

Mr. Clempfon being again examined, said, That it is impossible to know the Contents of a Cask exactly by gauging it, on account of the irregular Thickness of the Staves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Alderman Harley, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cooke, and Mr. Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An

Lade’s

JEstates.

Child fwick-ham fndofure.

'Supply.

3 Gho. ur.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Lade the younger, and Eflkpr his Wife, situate at Barham, in the County of Kent, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the PuN chafe of other Lands, tb be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rufkout presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Childfwickham, in the County of Glou refer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply' granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth: viz*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand One hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings Eight Pence and Three-seventh Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand One hundred Twenty Horse, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Ninety Days, from the 25th Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred ants Sixty-two, to the 24th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inclusive; together with the Subsidies; pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sutn, not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand Six hundred Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings Six Pence and Four-seventh Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an additional Corps of Nine.huivlredf Twenty Horse, and Six thousand and Seventy-two Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Ileffc Caffe I, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Three hundred Twenty-eight Days, from the First Day of Januarjj One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, to the 24111 Day of November following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Four hundred Twenty Pounds Sixteen Shillings Six Pence and Three-seventh Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Caff'cl, in the Pay of Great Britain, consisting of Six hundred and Fifty-six Horse, and Two thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six Foot, for Three hundred Thirty-five Days, from the 25th Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to the 24 th Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Three hundred and Eight Pounds One Shilling One Penny and Three-eleventh Parts of aPenny be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Four hundred and Forty four Cavalry, and Two thousand Three hundred and Thirty Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for Eighty-six Days, from the 25th Day of Dc-

Vol. 29.

-5E3

caster One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to;^ the 20th D^y of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inclusive; together with the Subsidies for the said Time; pursuant toTreaties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session, for the Pay of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunficicky for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two.

Rvfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Four thousand Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1763.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And he being returned;

The other Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Giaffes, of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee who are appointed to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House, either in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the public Money, since the Commencement of the late War, was read*

And the Order of Wednesday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Giaffes, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Giaffes at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lifts, by them prepared into the said Giaffes.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls;

And a Committee was appointed of Inrd Grey, Mr. Bacon, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hams, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Pa ter (on. Sir Lionel Pil-kinglon, Mr Fane, Mr. Compt roller, Mr. Bull, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Norris, Lord Panmine, Mr. Butler, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Hoiiblon, Mr. Glover, Mr. Parka', Mr. Cuji, Mr. Hyde, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Jackson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. IIarbord, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Staunton, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Walter, Mr. Kynafoiu, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mazvbaj, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wauchope, Mr. Buller, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Tomlinson, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr John Walter, Mr. Willy, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Weji, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pennant, Lord Luxborough. Mr. Sandys. Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pturner. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Clive, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Dowdeswell: And they are to w ithdraw immedia.tely into the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow* Morning, Nine of the Clock,

60

i° Martii.

Efrimatw.

and

Accounts.

5*4

2° Martii.

Mercurii, 2° die Martii;

Anno-3* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Tetney "\/T P- IVhiclicot reported from the Committee so Canal. J.VX whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut from the Humber, at or near Tetney, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Ah'ingham, in the County of and for making the said River navigable from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County j was re-committed; ' hat the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had.directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments) be ingrossed.

Low-ton. Mr. Shuttlervorth reported from the Committee, to Indoiute. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Town-lliip of Ijoxxdoit, in the County of was com-

muted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties-concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Three Persons, whose Property is of the yearly Value of£ 78, who refused to sign, but said they would not oppose the Bill; and Two Persons, whose Property is of the yearly Value of£.55, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property in the said Township is of the yearly Value of £.1,285) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the

1763.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Ques ion le-verally put thereupon, were agreed to l>v the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, b i

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and bidding the Open Grr.thj(j) and Common Fields, Heath and WalteGrbunds, within lado^eJ the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County Of Rutland, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass': And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open anti I

Common Fields, Heath and Wafie Grounds, within 1

the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland. J

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntudo carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. (Tilford, from 1

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliiant to their Orders,

A Lift of the Karnes of the several Nominees upon Numiotci, . Survivorship, with their Ages, on the 5th of January 1763: Also, an Account of the Number of Nominees upon Survivorship, that have died between Midsummer 1693, and the 5th of January 1763; distinguishing the Number that have died in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bill^, Accounts) ! made out in pursuance of the Act, pafiir-d in the Excnrqua last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1762.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Account were read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying offaud discharging the Debt of the Navy,.and towards Naval Services for the Year 17G2.

The Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 2nd Day of March 1763. Edward Wit ford.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves arid

Mr. Pethell:

Mr. Speaker,

Nightingales, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tcc. ’ for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Road. Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in

'9

the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry, made for Sale (;vder ilKJ within Seven Years, ending at Christ 1761, together Vmy. with an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties thereupon $ distinguishing each Year;

Ordered That an Account be laid befoFe this House) Accm)Dh. of the Quantities of Wines imported for Seven Years, Wiues.

ending

Accounts; Bills of Lading.

Discotery of the Longitude.

3 Geo. Ill, 2° Martii.

ending at Christmas 17(11; together with art Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties thereupon; distin* guishing each Year; and how much of the fair! Duties has arisen in the Port of London, and how much in the Out Ports.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Number of Policies and Bills of Lading fiamped within Three Years, ending at C/iriJlmas 1761, together with an Account of the Produce of the Ditties thereupon; distinguishing each Year; and also what Part thereof has arisen upon Policies or Bills of Lading made out within the Bills of Mortality.

A Petition of JohnIJarrifon of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’tf Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Reciting, That by an Act of the 12 th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, a Reward of £. 20,000 was enacted for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; and alleging, that an Instrument which could keep trueTime at Sea, notwithstanding the Differences of Climates, has been allowed, on all Hands, to be the bell Method of discovering the Longitude for the Use of Navigation; and that the Petitioner has employed himself for Thirty-five Years in the forming of such an Inllru-ment, and has at length succeeded in bringing it to due Perfection, which has proved its Sufficiency by a Trial made of it in a late Voyage to Jamaica, of which the Petitioner is ready to give full Evidence to the House; and that the Petitioner would not, by any Means, decline any further Trial of the Instrument, before the Principles thereof shall be made public; but that his present advanced Age, the Weaknefr of his Sight, and the Danger of the Voyage to the Health and Life of his Son, upon whom alone this Affair will depend, may risk the Loss of this useful Discovery, to the Di fad vantage of the Petitioner, and of the Public; and that at a Meeting of the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, on the 26th Day of February last, it was unanimously agreed to recommend 10 the Petitioner to make an Application to Parliament for this Purpose: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petit ioner such a Part of the Reward as shall be thought adequate on the Proof of his Cafe, and that the Remainder may be secured to the Petitioner when the Utility of the Instrument shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the House; and the Petitioner will immediately disclose the Manner and Principles of framing it to such Persons as the House shall appoint, in such Manner as that other Workmen may be able to execute the fame, so that it may in a short Time become l'erviceable to this Kingdom, and to all who use the Sea; and that the House will have Regard to the Security of the Petitioner against any other Claim of the said.Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, by Means of any Instrument for keeping Time, until the Merits of this Instrument, invented by the Petitioner, shall be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and Rate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Gray, Mr. Harris of Christ-church, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Mr. Whifworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Saunders. Mr.

Burrell, Sir George Pocock, Mt. Harvey, Si Hazvke, Mr. Slephenfon, Dr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Har-

Vol. 29.

ley, Sir George Savite, Mr. , Mr. ft on, Mr.

Adams, Mr. IVeddcrlmm, Mr //.:Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Jones, Sir linger Mr. Stanley, Captain Ixickluirt Iiofs, Mr. BAdmiral -

land, Mr. Hunter, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Lord

Caras fort, Mr. Hume, Captain Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Sir James DouglaJ's, Mr. Mackenzie, Colonel

Craufurd, Mr. Major, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Tcnca/hend, Lord John Mr.

Mr. Dennis, Mr. Brand, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Turner, Mr. Cref/ivell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Du fan. Colonel Inch, Mr. Walsingham Sir Walter

Bagot, Mr. Wilbra ham, Sir George Mr.

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Lord North, Mr.

Clevland:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Book, intituled, " Establishments of the several " new Regiments and Corps that have been raised " fmee the Year 1758, with the Dates of the Warrants for raising the fame, and such Additions as " have been marie thereto since their being first " raised:" And also,

Abfiraft of the last returns, transir.itted to the War Office, of the several Regiments and Corps now in I lis Majesty s Service, specifying the several Corps, and the Places where they are, 1 ft January 1763: Andallu, Establishment of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for the Year 1762, with all their respective Names, and respective Pay: And also,

A particular Account of the sundry General and Staff Officers, with their respective Names and Pay-, which are mentioned in the Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, presented to the House of Commons this Session of Parliament, and therein charged at the Sum of £. 10,:’88. 5*. i id. being a Copy of Mis Majesty’s Warrant for the fame.

And the Titles of the said Book, Abstract, Establishment, and Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Book, Abstract, Establishment, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be pe-rufod by the Members of the House.

The said Book, Abstract, Establishment, and Account, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do la v before this House, an Account of the Quantity of indico imported for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year, and each Place from whence the same was imported; and likewise what Qmyitity has received the Bounty; distinguishing each Year and Place; and likewise what Quantity has been exported, with the Drawbacks thereon; distinguishing each Year.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Army

Returni,

Accounts;

Indico.

Way*

and

Cleans.

Supply.

5i 6 3° Martii. . 1763.

Jovis, 3" Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Bradford, OIR Robert Long presented to the House, accord* tcc. O ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Small i>ebtj. Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjhamand Worfdown, in the county of :

And the same was, received; and read the Fil’d Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Temey An ingossed Bill for making a navigable Cut from

C*Da1, the JIumber, at or near to the River Ludd, in

the Parish of Alvingham, in the county of ; and for making the said River navigable from thence, to or near the Town of Louth in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a Navigation from the River Humber, by a Canal, or Cut, at or near Haven,

to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, in tire County of Lincoln; and for continuing the said Navigation, in or near the said River, from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halkin Mr. Grosvenor presented to the House, according to

Ruad*in Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from the House of Thomas Hughes Esquire, adjoining to Ilalkin Mountain, to Farm, and across the Old Poll Road, in Vechan, to a House at in Bagillt, in the

Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the county of : Add the same was received; and read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newport, Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

holders and others, of the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders,. of the Counties of Stafford and Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed ;. and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Stafford; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. Samtiel being examined, said.

That he knows ah the Roads mentioned in the said Petition, that they are very bad, and in several Parts very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Upon the i'econd mentioned Petition, Thomas Gilbert Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Roads from Stafford to Ireland's Cross, and from Stafford to Sandon, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by Law.

Upon the Third mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Dickinson, being examined, said, That it would be more convenient to carry the Road over Wood’s Eaves Common, than by High between Eccteshall and

Neicport.

Thomas Gilbert Esquire informed your Committee, That the Road from E to Trentham is in a ruin-

ous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from the fair! Town of Stafford, through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to Ireland’s Cross, near Woore, in the County of and also

the Road leading from Bridgford aforesaid, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near port, in the County of Salop;and allb the lioad brandling from the said Road, between Bridgford and A'ru>-pnrt, near a Place allied Wes Wood, through Eccleshall to Trentham, in the said County of and

also the Road leading from Newport, through ton to Wellington, in the said County of Salop; and also the Road leading from the prd'ent Turnpike Road at Woodcot, near Ncioport aforesaid, through to Bridgnorth, in the said County of Salop: And that Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and the Lord Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shuttlncorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of AJlley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Arthur Borron, who is possess’od of Fight Acres, and Wright, who is possessed of Four

Acres Two Roods, who had been wrote to, but bad given no answer; and except John Hope, who has only Three Roods, and Samuel Tlirop, who is possessed of One Rood and Twenty Perches, who bad both been inquired after, but could not be found; and except Margaret Gucjl, possessed of One Acre; and Adam Hayes, who has only One Rood and Twenty Perches, who both refused to consent; and that the whole of the Ground, proposed to be inclosed, contains 120 Acres, betides 500 Acres of Mo Is Grounds;) ami that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, lie ingroll’ed.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Comnii: tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycott, in the Parish of in the County of

Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concern's! had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Two Persons, who refused tosign the Bill, but said they had no ob jection; and also except Mr. Thomas Pares,w ho is Committeefora Lunatic, who

said. It would be an Advantage to the said Lunatic’s Estate; and that he would consent, if the Ellate was his own;) and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; aurfiben a

Second

Aftley

I UClOiUfC.

Diaycrtt

Incloscirr.

3 Geo. III. f Martri. 517

Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Gosport Wr.Thomas T<nonjhend‘]\\n\or, reported from the Com*

Sireeu. m it tee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders and

Inhabitants of the Town or Borough of Gosport, in the Parish of AlverJioke, in the County oiSouthampton, whose

Names are l hereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Gosport aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town or Borough of Gosport, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, on behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders and Inhabitants of Gosport aforesaid; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter.of the first-mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners upon the lait-mentioned Petition; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the ift mentioned Petition, Sir John Bentley Knight, being examined, fa id. That he has known Gosport 14 or 15 Years; and had lived there 3 Years together; and is a great Resort for Seafaring People; that the Streets are extremely bad and dirty, occasioned by Dungheaps lying the rein, which in a few Days have been spread about; and that he never saw any carried away; that Brewers Carts, Drays, and Timber, lay about the Streets, the Pavements of which are very bad, and make it dangerous for Passengers; and that Sheep and Swine are killed in the Streets; and has heard frequent Complaints of Nuisances, and never knew of any Method taken to prevent the fame; and thinks it cannot be remedied without an Act of Parliament, it not being a Corporation Town, or any Justice of Peace there; that there are many considerable Families, and thinks the promoted Tax will not fall upon the Poor.

Mr. John Pye, being examined, said, That he lives at

Farcham, and has known Gosport 15 or 16 Years, which is a Place of great Resort on Account of the King’s Ships and Merchants Ships coming to Portsmouth, to which it is very near; that the Pavements of the said Town are very bad; that he has always observed Dung-heaps in the Streets when he has gone thither, which has been once or twice a week; that Carts and Drays (land in the Streets; and by Sheep and Swine running about the fame, are become very offensive; that he does not know whether there is any Pound in Gosport, or whether the said Nuisances can' he prevented by the Taws in being.

Captain SherrocJc, being examined, said, That he has known Gosport Forty, and very well for Twelve Years pall, and is a large populous Town; that he lives Two Miles from it; that he has observed many Dungheaps in the Streets; and that when he goes thither he leaves his Horses or Carriage at t he End of the Town, it being dangerous to ride through it at certain Times; that there are many wealthy Inhabitants there, and has heard that a Tax of 6d. in the Pound will be sufficient to cleanse and keep the same in Repair, but that it will be a hard Matter to do it without an Act of Parliament, being 26 Miles from that there

is a weekly Meeting of Justices at Fareham, 5 Miles from Gosport; but that he never knew of an Application to Parliament, on Account of being so far from Justices of Peace; nor does he know of any Application to the Quarter Sessions for a Rate, but has heard there has.

Mr. Thomas Male, being examined, said, That the Pavements of the said Town are very bad, and that

Vol. 29.

there are many Nuisances; Butchers kill Sheep in the Gosport Streets before their Doors; that Dungheaps remain 3 Streets. . or Days, or till such Time as the Farmers come to take it away; that he never served any Office in Gosport, nor does he know whether any Scavenger is appointed, but any body takes away the Dung that Ivill; that he has been occasionally there, and always observed Dung in the high Street, and every Street, which lays more or less Time, as agreed with Farmers to fetch it away.

Being asked if the major Part of the Inhabitants would be able to pay 6d. in the Pound, he said. He could not think it would hurt any more this Way than another; that he did not remember he was ever summoned, or paid for a Man for working on the Highways; but it would tend to the Health of the Inhabitants, if the said Streets were properly cleansed.

Mr. William Bedford being examined, said. That it

has been a Custom to gather a Shilling a Year from each House, of those who would pay it; and that he had paid it annually to the Surveyors of the Highways; but has known several refuse to pay it, and that Difficulties had arose to recover it, it being a p ;ved Town; that if it was a Market Town Scavengers would be appointed, and Qd. in the Pound would be sufficient to keep the Pavement in Repair; but till in proper Repair it will require more, but afterwards apprehends a less Sum will be sufficient; that the Difficulty of applying for Assessments at Winchester, which is 25 Miles off, and when the Rate is confirmed, and the Money demanded, and not paid, the Officers must be obliged to go 5 Miles to a Magistrate, once fora Summons, and another Time for a Warrant of Distress, the Trouble and Difficulty of which has deterred Officers from doing their Duty; that the Witness knew a Rate made on the Inhabitants, about 10 or 12 Years ago, 0fTw0Per.ee in the Pound in Favour of Mr. Charles Child, a Surveyor, who is lately dead, to repay him upwards of Fourscore founds he had laid out as Surveyor of the Highways, which Rate he informed the Witness he could not possibly collect by about half; that this is the only Rate he remembers:

That the Difficulty of attending Justices of the Peace, and the Favour shewn by one Tradesman to another serving the Office of Surveyor, prevents the Laws in Force being put in Execution; that if they were, they might be sufficient to keep the Town in Repair; but the Witness apprehends the Time and Expence of going to Winchester to indH, and another Time to convict an Offender for any Nuisance, prevents it; that the Expence of such Process will eoli about 12 Guineas if there is no Defence, but if defended will coll more.

That the Witness apprehends the proposed Rate will produce above £. 300 a Year at present, and that it will require a Capital of about 900 or £.1000 to pave and cleanse.

That some People will be obliged to pay to this Rate, who do not at present pay to the Poor, though there are but few Houses which do not make such Payments; that the Price of Labour is i8d. a Day, and those People will be Savers by paying 6d. as more Work will be done for 3$. than double that done by the Statute Labour; and that landlords will reap an Advantage by their Houses letting better, and moll of the Principal of them are for the Bill, and the poorer People will pay less than they are now liable to by Law.

Being asked if an Offer had not been made by the Petitioners against the Application to those for it, that if they would once apply to the Quarter Sessions to get a Rate, and try what could be dene, they would then join with them for an Act of Parliament, if the Rate was ineffectual; he said, He had heard so, and that it was offered to refer it to Two eminent Counsel, to know how far the Laws in being would answerthe Purpose, that they have a Bishop’s Court Leet held, where Presentments of Nuisances have been frequently made,

6 P but

518 3° Martii. A, 1763.

Gosport but never any Redress given; that one Hat her, aPeti-Sireets, tioner against the Bill, now Hands indicted at the Quarter Session for aNuifance.

And the Witness further laid, That about a Fortnight since t^iere was on the Green, a Place through which many People pass, a large Heap of the Sweepings of Ships piled up together, which are the Refuse of Rope Yarn, 8(c.from the Bottoms of Ships; and that the Nuisances in the said Town have caused Sickness amongst the Inhabitants, which he believes has been the Death of many.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition.

Mr. John Pointer, being examined, said, He has known Gosport 72 Years or more, has been Mailer of a Ship, but was never absent from the Place 2 Years at a Time; that the Streets are in good Condition now, though some Parts are better than others, nor never knew any Accidents from the Bad net’s of the Pavements; that he has seen Heaps of Dirt in the Streets, which is generally carried away every Day by anybody that will, who look upon it as their own Property, and fell it to Gardeners and Farmers; that he has seen Timber on the Beach, but it was 30 or 40 Yards from the Town; and that he never knew any infeClion in the Town, occasioned by Annoyances.

Being atked what Rate would be fufiieient to put the Streets in proper Repair, said 6 in the Pound, or less, on the Tenants would do; that he has heard Complaints, that Surveyors have had some trouble in collecting the Rates:

That the Foot-ways are generally in good Repair, though in some Places they are broke, and in Holes; that Persons are obliged to repair before their own Doors, though exclusive of which there is a Parish Rate, but never knew any punished for not doing it; and believes there is no Law in Force to oblige Officers of Men of War to do it; that Beamis's La ue, which is about 9 or 1 o Feet wide, is the greatest Thoroughfare to the Church and Meeting, but is not in so good Repair as it ought, and has seen some Dungh^aps there; that the Streets in general would admit of Foot-paths, besides Room for Carriages:

That he has seen what is called Sweepings of Ships on the Green, which lay in the Middle, and not in the Foot Way, and Blocks of Stone which are sawed there to put into Carriages, to prevent the tearing the Pavements of the Town; that there are many Butchers Gallon’s upon which they hang their Meat, Blocks, and Bulks, in the Streets, but don’t know they are any Obstruction to Foot Passengers:

That there are about 200 Shipwrights live there, who rent Houses from 61. to a Year, and some Gentlemen; and does not think many more would live there, if the Town tvas cleaner; and that the Town has not been put into better Order since the Talk of the present Application to Parliament.

Then there was produced to your Committee a Paper, dated 25 February 1763, signed by several Farmers, Gardeners, and others, living in and near Gof/)ort, who keep Carts, Waggons, and Horses, purporting, That they are willing to euter into any Coutratt, to take and carry away all Dung, Dirt, and Filth, that shall from Time to Time be and arise in the Town of Gosport, at their own Expence, without Fee or Reward, having the same for their own Use.

Mr. John Noel being examined, said, He has known Gosport 20, and that he lived there 10 or 12 Years; that the Streets are much as they were since he knew them, and want Repair; that there are some Nuisances by Dungheaps, which in some Places lay Weeks together, and the Farmers come and take it away when convenient to them, but don’t apprehend in the Times of their Harve'l they will leave that to fetch it away; and that Butchers Blocks, Bulks, and Cellars, may be some Obstruction to Foot Passengers:

’ *5

That he does not know of any Rate for paving the Highways; but the Surveyors have collected a Shilling a Year from each House; but has heard they could not get it from the Poor, and knows of no other Rate; that he looked upon this Shilling to be applied towards mending the Pavements; but that would not remove the Nuisances, there being bo way to do it but by Indictment at the Quarter Sessions; that he paid £. 50. a Year for his House, and paid only a Shilling to the Surveyors of the Highways; and thinks it would be more equitable for the Poor if a Rate was made, than paying a Shilling a House:

That some of the Petitioners against the Bill are Persons who carry away Dung and Filth from the Town; that several People in the Town keep Swine, which may contribute to the Nuisance; but said, there is a Pound there.

Mr. James Bailey, a Paviour, being examined, said,

That he had surveyed the said Streets and Foot-Paths, and had made an Eilimate of the Expence of repairing the fame, which amounted to the Sum oi£. 905. x 8j. 8 including the Foot Paths; and, when in good Repair, about £. 70 a Year will keep them so: That the Horse-ways are in some Parts good, in others bad; the Footways are but indifferent; and that he never heard of any Statute Work being done there.

Mr. William Bedford being further examined, said.

That they col led id. in the Pound for the Poor, which produces about 52, 53, or 54/. but expects it will be reduced to 40/. upon a Peace; that some few have been called out to do their Statute Duty, and some fined; that there is not above a Quarter of a Mile of the Town which is not paved; that 6d. in the Pound would raise £. 150 a Year and upwards; and have had Six Poor Rates in a Year, collected at different Times; that the Laws in being are not fufiieient to keep the said Streets in Repair, but that the Statute of 1 ft of George the ift, for making the Laws for repairing Highways more effectual, might be put in force.

Mr. James Bailey being further examined, said, That it is less than a Month since he made his Eilimate of the Expence of repairing the Streets; and, for that Sum, would undertake to do it in a Year; that he proposed paving such Parts of the Town not already paved, and repairing others, with Pebbles and broad Stones.

Being asked, who were to be Judges which Part of the Pavements were good and which not ? said, Him-self, and another who had signed his Estimate:

That the Witness heard a Set of Gentlemen, the Evening before his Examination, declare they would advance £. 300 on the Credit of a Sixpenny Rate, but that he had never heard such Declaration before.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Thomas Townjkend junior, Mr. Harris of Cliri/t Church, and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Whitechapel the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Roads, unto subscribed, appointed to put in FLxecution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Eighth of King George the First, and the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from the Stone's End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middles, to and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to Epping, in the County of Essex; and for the repairing the Road leading from the Canfeway, in the Parish of Lowlayton, to the End of the ParHh of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigioell, in the county of ; and also of several Gentlemen and other Persons frequently travelling the said Roads; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as

Broad

Wheels used in Husbandry.

3 Geo. III. 3 0 Mar519

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Harrison, Clerk to the Trustees, being

examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Acts; but that the said Hoads cannot beeffectually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts be further enlarged; and he produced an Account by which it appeared that £.2,900 is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts:

That the Hoad between Whitechapel and Stratford is frequently in felled with Robbers and other evil disposed Persons, so that Travellers in the Night Time are exposed to many Dangers and Outrages, which would in a great Measure be prevented if that Part of the Hoad was enlightened, and a proper Guard kept thereon.

Mr. Edward Gapp and Air. William being

severally examined, said. That the Hoad from the End of the Parish of Woodfordthrough the Parishes of

Chigwell and Lambourn, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two late Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitecha[>el Church to Woodford; and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Hoad, from Whitechapel Church to Stratford; and for repairing and widening the Hoad through the Parishes of and

bourn, in the Counties of Middlesex and E/fex: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Harvey, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Farmers of the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land in the County of Worcester, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Hoads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; and also an Act made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; were read: And,

Mr. John Dandridge informed your Committee,

That the Farms in the County of Worcester are in general extremely small; that the Farmers are not able to support the Expence of strong Teams, and to furnish themselves with broad Wheel Waggons; that a good broad Wheel Waggon will coll about £.30 and a narrow Wheel One about £.12 or £.13 that the Roads coniift of deep Clay, and Materials lie at a great Distance; that he is a Trustee for repairing the Road leading to and from Worcester, and the Debt upon that Road has increased £.2,000 since the Use of broad Wheels; that the Roads have been greatly tom up by the excessive Weights carried on broad Wheel Wag-Vol. 29.

gons; that the Waggons weigh One Ton and a Half, and they frequently carry Five Ton.

That the Witness is informed there have been Two or Three People who have brought Actions again!! several of the Farmers for making Use of narrow Wheel Waggons, not with an Intent to enforce the Execution of the Law, but to put Money in their Pockets; and that there have been Fifty-six Prosecutions commenced, and never heard of any one of them being prosecuted with Efl'eft; that they appoint a Day of Meeting, and the Farmers compound upon as easy Terms as they can; that they have taken from Two Guineas to Five, in Proportion to the Number of Offences, and sometimes Cotnpositions have been made where no Action has been brought; One Person has been prosecuted for taking Money on false Pretences; that the Farmers are never taken before a Justice of the Peace, nor the Prosecution carried on regularly; and that no Part of the Composition has beenappliedastheAftsdireft; and, notwithstanding the Use of broad Wheels, their Roads are Hill in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and not capable of carrying broad Wheels; and that the Farms in general are under £. 25 per Annum, and incapable of bearing the Expence of broad Wheels; that he thinks the limiting the Weights to be carried on broad Wheels would be of great Service; but, in general, the Roads cannot be made wide enough to receive Two broad Wheel Waggons, as the Income of the Tolls are very inconsiderable, occasioned by the little Travelling on the Roads.

Mr. James While, a Farmer, being examined, said, ’ That the Weight usually carried by Farmers in the Course of their Husbandry, is, from 25 to 30 hundred Weight; Forty Bushels of Wheat is usually called a Load; that they generally carry Three Hogsheads of Cyder or Perry, of 110 Gallons each Hogshead, to every Load; and about a Ton, or 25 hundredweight, of Cheese; that there are not many broad Wheel Waggons; that the Farmers in general are not able to purchase them, as a broad Wheel Waggon generally costs about £.35, and a narrow Wheel Waggon about£.io; that there are Twelve or Fourteen Teams in the Parish of Eckington, and not One of them able to carry One

Ton Weight; that the Roads are so very narrow that they cannot use broad Wheel Waggons if the Horses draw in Pairs, but that broad Wheel Waggons will not hurt the Roads so much as narrow ones, if the Weight to be carried on them was to be limited, and they were allowed to have the Horses draw in Lengths; and that Coaches cannot, without great Difficulty, quarter in the Ruts made by broad Wheel Waggons, as the Horses cannot tread in the Ruts without great Pain.

Mr. James Woolley, a Trader in being

examined, said, That the Roads where broad Wheel Waggons are leall in Use, are in much better Repair than where there are many broad Wheel Waggons; Evesham Roads have suffered much from broad Wheel Waggons; that the Road from Worcester to Upton is a goo«l Road, as there are not any broad Wheel Waggons travel there; if the Weight was to be limited, broad Wheel Waggons would not do so much Mischief, as it chiefly arises from the excessive Weights they carry, and from their Horses drawing in Pairs; that if they were allowed to have their Horses in Lengths it would not be so prejudicial to the Roads: The Witness said. That, by the Use of broad Wheels, travelling on Horseback is rendered much more dangerous than formerly.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upoa the

Carmarthen

Roads*

Even wood Inclosure.

520

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Motto ey, in the County of , through Handovery, to Llydiady in the Parish of

IJandilo-vawr; and from thence, by and

over Duless Bridge, to the Town of and

from the said Town, along the Poll Road, by dar, through the County Borough of and

Village of St. Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from Toll the Cattle of the Bishop of St. David's.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen's Aukland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor or Common, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Yo the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Six Persons, whose Estates within the said Manor are of the annual Value of £.71, or thereabouts, and who could not be met with; and that the whole annual Value of the Estates within the said Manor amounts to £,2,443 5-r. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and

J. 1763.

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Account; rest ions, that there be laid before this House, an Ac- Forces count of His Majesty’sLand Forces on the/r/y/iEstablish-meat, specifying the several Corps, and the Numbers Eihblishment. they severally consist of; also an Account of the several Corps proposed to be continued on that Establishment, and the Numbers they are severally to consist of;

The said Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Message from the I^ords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Josiah Child, an Infant of the Age of Nine Years, without any Amendment: And also, CMP*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Nat. dissolve the Marriage of William Clerk, with

Mary Walley, his now wife, and to enable him to Hazeland’*

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: D*yotc*’

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1762: And Surpkflb, also,

Surplusses, stated the 10th of October 1762.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

30 Martii.

ABSTRACT of

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Surplus Monies ariTcui in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 176-2; viz, £2 Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fofio 1 -

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2

' Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

D

cq‘

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

D

£ -12,982 —

- 14,422 -

l7,3&7

8,485

46,838

23»!55-----

19 —

8 13 li

1,136-----

G507 -

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1762, pursuant to the Art passed Georgii 2di, for coufolidnting the l:und>; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Art 4° Georgii idl, for the Service of the Year 1731 - -

Surplus of the Additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Art 16* Georgii 2di - -

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Art 18 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 -

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 190 Georgii 2dl for the Service of the Year 1746 - -

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by an Art 20° Georgii zd‘, for the Service of the Year 1747 The Income of the Dufy on Coaches, granted per Art 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Art 21°

Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - ’ - 112,326

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Art 6° Georgii imi, for the Sen ice of the Year 1720 -

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th of July 175P yper Art 32° Georgii 2d*

To the Duty of 3s. 4d. per Pufhel on Salt, brought to Ibis Account pursuant

to an Art 26’ Georgii 2dI, Page .51, in that Behalf - 120,648

To the Duty of 12s.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Art 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Art 27° Georgii *2dl. Page 218 To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Art 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Rank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Art

28° Georgii 2dl, Page 457 -.....-

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Art i° Georgii 2d', for raising the Sum of£. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought ter this Account pursuant to the said Art 28° Georgii 2dl To the Duty on Licences for retailing Peer, Ale, and other ex< ife< b’e Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 29° Georgii 2^, Pag3 3ii To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Accou it pursuant to One other Art 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 323 -

To the several Rates and Duties payable by nil Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Art 29° Georgii 2di, Page 332 To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphletsand printed Papers, granted byan Art 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 32° Georgii 2di To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like To D® of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Art 32°

Georgii 2d,l)roughtto this Account pursuant to the Art 33*G<rorgt7‘2dl, Page 305 To the additional inland Duty on Coflee, the like -

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 24° Georgii 2di,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Art *2° Georgii 3*11, Pages 217 and 218 20,081 — — To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 33° Georgii 2dl,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° ----- -104,395 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 20 Georgii 3tU,

brought to this Account pursuant to Du Page 218 - 2,110 — —

The Duties on Malt, granted by an Art 33° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Art, 20 Georgii $til, Page 197 - 18,192 — —

25° d.

7 i

21,185 19 1

4,522 11 GI

- 31,272-----

4*74’ -

- 6,889-----

23>35l

6,051

6,^49 lO

67A15

4,535

2,012

v

1}

7

HIM

rnF

r

the said SuRPtirssES, Anted the 5th Day of April 1762.

hr.

65,080

3i*»8+5

d.

7i

5

709/203 7 .4

€92,199 6

1,+01,462 13 ai

iVr Contra - - - " " -

Bv the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a\ear’s Intel tit, due on the 5th if January 170*2, being aft<*r the Rate of i . 3 per Ctnluni per Annum, on the principal Sum of £ at,1-27,821 5s. 1 {d- subscribrd to the Joint Stoc k of£. $per

Centum, transferrubic Annuities at the Bunk of England, purfitaut to the Acts -25°, 2S9, 29* 320, and 33° Georgii 2, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the aid Annuit.es for the same Half Year By the C hies ( ulhitr of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa '"Year’s I-iterest, due the 4th of April 170-2, being after the Rate of £.3per Cutianper Annum, on the principal Sum of /*. 17.701,323 ids. 4(/. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities trail sierra bio at the Bank of England, pursuant to ♦he Act 2f,° Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -By 1>°, for Chargers of Management of these Annuities for the same Halt \ ear Bv the Chief Cashier of* the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 3th of January 1762, being after the Rate of £.3 10s. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of £ 2,000,000' lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted f<*r the Service of the \ ear 1750, pursuant to the Act 290 Georgii adi, Page 224, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of January 1762, being after the? Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,1000,000, transferable at the Siuth Sea HoufV, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the said Act 240 Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf -

By Calli, taken to answer Annuities on Angle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 3c*0 Georgii ?cl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 3-2° Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 51b of January 1762 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the "Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the Annuities payable iu respect of Five Millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year ] 75B; which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year ended the said 5th of Jan wan/ l 762 -

By Calli, taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th Day of January 176a, of the several Rales and Duties upon Offices and Petitions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund, per Act 310 Georgii 2dI, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Kate of £.3 io.v. per Cent, on £.4,500,000, and £.0, per Cent, on £.500,000, in Lottery Annuities, making together FiveMillions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firtl Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 74O, in that Behalf -By C iih. taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of January 176*2, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of £. 3 per Cent, and £.\ 2s. (id. per Centum, on £. 11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1761, pursuant to an Act 10 Georgii 3,n, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as ner Clause in the said Act, Page 211, in that Behalf -By the Bank of E igl tnd, for Interest, and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, made forth at the Exchequer on the Credit of the growing Produce of this Fund, granted and directed to be applied by an Act 1° Georgii 3fil, tow ards the Supply of the Yrcar 1761 By Calli, taken in further Part of £.1,76-2,400, granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1761, pursuant to the Act i° Georgii 3lii, Page 656, iu that Behalf

This being the Seventy-ninth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9° Georgii iml. Page 367, is humbly presented, this 3d Day of March 1763

Cr,

316,017 6 4i 5^61 3 Uj

265,519 17 lj 4,978 y ioi

26,250-----

421 17 6

31,500 — — 590 12 6

16,468 11 3

1,406 5 —

34.075 -

26,710 — —

6,229 7 3 664,534 2 4

1,401462 13 2 i

Sayd Martin.

Cn

3 Geo. III. 3° Martii.

ABSTRACT of the said Surplusses Hated, the ioth of October 17 6z.

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of October 1762; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

To Monies brought to this Account the 10th of October 1762, pursuant to the Act passed 25° Georgii 2*1, for consolidating the Funds, viz.

£. z. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 4® Georgii 2*, for the Service of the Year 1731 - -- -- - 17,855 3 3

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 16° and 17° Georgii 2dI ----- 10,904 —

f he like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted par Act 18° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - - - 20,286 13 10J

The like of the Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act

19° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 - 13,367 12 5

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - 68,059 1 6 7l

The Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2d, for the Service of

the said Year - -- 40,953 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 21®

CfcorgiV a*, for the Service of the Year 1748 - -162,148 5 9$

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii l®1,

for the Service of the Year 1720 ----- 130 16 2J

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted from the 5th of July 1759, per Act 32°

Georgii 2*.....4,787 — —

To the Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to

an Act 26° Georgii, Page 51, in that Behalf - 1 °5*974 *8 3$

To the Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wine3 made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 261, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28* Georgii 2d4,

Page 218 - 3,*35 — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2* Georgii a*4, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the

Act 28° Georgii 2di, Page 457.....27,704 2 if

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act 1° Georgii 2^, for raising the Smn of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 26° Georgii 2* - 23,993 *5 7

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Li-

qnors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29" Georgii 2di, Page 312 17,722 18 11 To the additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant

to One other Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323 - - - - 3,041 14 2

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Police or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii a*1, Page 332 - 6,489 — —

Dr.

Per Contra

£ * d.

621,748-----{

77,480 i5 IA 359*75° <5 8J

L5 8,979 loj

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1762, being after the Rate of £-3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.21,127,821 5*. lfd. subscribed to the Joint stock of £.3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 32*, and 33° Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf -

By ] )#, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashierof the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year's Interest, due the 10th of October 1762, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of/*.17,701,323 16s 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transfer-r3ble at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25° Georgii <in, Page 598, in that Behalf -By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashierof the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1762, bein^f after the state of£.3 10 s. per Cent. per Arm. on the principal Sum of£. 1,500,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 224, in that Behalf ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1762, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2dl, Page 39. in that Behalf ——

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, 8cc. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management^ the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 5p, in that Behalf -

By the Ch ief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1762, on the principal Sum of £.8,240,000, in Annuities, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2dI, and £.12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2® Georgii 3111, making together £.20,240,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £.4 per Cent. Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England by the Act 2° Georgii 3til, Page211 -

By D#, for Charges of Management for the same Half \Tear, on £.8,240,000, Part of the said Joint Stock ot £.20,240,000 in £.4 per Cent. Annuities -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1762, on the annual Sum of £.120,000, lo continue for 98 Years, granted by the said Act 2° Georgii 3fii, Page 206 -

By Calli, taken to answer Annuities on tingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund b^ an Act 32 Georgii 2dl, for the Half Y'ear ended

the 5th o f July 1762 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in reljpeft of Five Millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which f».id Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, Page 76i, for the Half Year ended the said 5th of July 1762 ——

By Calli, taken to make good the Deficiency on the said 5th of July 176*1 R*c fevpral Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pcnlions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fundprr Act 3l° Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3 10s. per Cent, on £.4,500,000, and £.3 per Cm!, on £.500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Mdlions, borrowed towards the Supply granted fur the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the tirlt Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page? 740, in that Behalf -

Cr.

£. 3. d.

316,017 6 4i 5,861 3 11

265,519 17 *v 4*978 9

26,250 — — 421 17 6

3t,5 00 — —

500 12 6

404,800-----

2,317 10 —

60,000-----

16,428 11 3

1,406 5

14*816 14 11

523 3 0 Martii.J. 176$.

O

r

VO

8

16 12

JO

8

8

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 320 Georgii 2di ----- - - -- - 33>°74

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - . " 5*77*

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, the like - 1M*2®

To - - D‘ - - of tho Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the

like.....*3>684 3 9

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Art 32°

Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2dl,

Page 305 - -- - U7»695 2 2

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like ----- 6,192

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ----- 933 "

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 240 Georgii 2dl,

brought to this Account pursuant toen Act 2° Georgii 3Ui, Pages 217 and 218 - ^4,799 4 4

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art 330 Georgii 2di,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° ----- 137,611

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by the Art 2° Georgii 3th,

brought to this Account pursuant to D°, Page 218 - - - - 24,782

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made a Part of

this Fund, by One other Art, 2* Georgii 3111, Page 189 - 200 — —

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Art 33* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Art, 2° Georgii 3tU, Page 197 - 281,495-----

1,183,820 3

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1762, for the Purposes following, by Art 2# Georgii 3"*, Page 967, in that Behalf, fie.

2,242,799 7 7

the

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5U1 Day of July 1761, of thefevera) Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penfums, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Art 310 Georgii 2^, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1761, of the foveral Duties on Malt, granted by an At\ 33° Georgii i*4, to anl'wer Annuities after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum, charged thereupon -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1761, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of £, 3 per Centum, andjf.i 2s. 6df per Centum on ^*.11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted lollis Majesty by an Art 1° Georgii 3tU, for the Service of the Year 1761 -

5«>393

d.

9$

10,340-----

103,906 —

166,839 16

9k

£. 2,409,639 4 4J

o

o

o

00

9

By Cash paid the Uiher of the Exchequer, for Noce.Taries furnished the Exchequer Bill Office 52 14 7

By Cash, taken in full ofj£. 1,67-2,400, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year

1761, pursuant to an Act x° Georgii 311*, Page 356, in that Behalf - 300,626 12 2%

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer the lotli of October 1762, towards answering the Sum of £. 1,009,217. 2s. 8$d. granted for the Service of the Year 1762, charged on this Fund by an Art 2® Georgii 3tU Page 940, in that Behalf -

1,452,487 15 3j

957*51 9 "2

£. 2,409,639 4 4$

This being the Eightieth Half-yearly Account, made np pursuant to the Art9° Georgii l*1. Page 367, is humbly prefeuted, Ibis 3d Day o{March 1763*

Sam1 Martin*

o

ox

° Martii.

524

3° — 4

A. 1763.

Highway general Laws; England.

in

Highway

general

Laws;

Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the General Laws now in being, for repairing and amending the Highways of that Part of Great Britain called England, and report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wedderbnrn, Mr. Montagu, Lord M i die -ton. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir -John Philipps* Mr.

& a mips, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. 7bnw/hend, Mr. Whitzcorth, Mr. jfatT/Zw, Sir Lionel PiU kingion, Mr. Puller, Mr. Clive, Mr/Mfr, Mr. U7//.V, Mr. /VMwtm, Sir Jarril Smi(h, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Knight, Lord C;/;//y/I^VfMr./#7zwe, Mr. G/vu/. Mr. Btf «y>/, Mr. JfV/Z.V. MvBrnd ' /elf \h\ Lowndes,

M r. Hanes* MrXV>/<v. Mr. Bight./, Sw f/ Jlliani Bauchmnp Proctor, Mr. Burrell, Lord ( diaries Spencer, Mr. Rn/h-out, Sir Edward Mon fag a* Mr. Harris* 1 on I Burgherjh, Mr. VanjVtart, Sir Mail hew Latuhc, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Charier Saunders, Mr. Campbell, Sir Roger Xewdi-gate, Mr. Willoughby, Sir IF \Ilium Maynard, Sir Wyadit am Knatehbull Wyndham, Sir JFaltcr Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Haney, Lord George Saekville. Mr. Foley, Kir. Craufurd, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whatdey, Mr. U arbor d. Lord Strange, Mr. Baron, Mr. Ojicald, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Waller: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the General Laws now in being, for repairing and amending the Highways of that Part of Gmtf Britain called Scotland, and report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Weddcrburn, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Doivdcfzcelt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Tozcn/hend, Mr. White, Mr. Juc/r-ye/j, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Balter, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Pelham, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Bacon, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Knight, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Fane, Lord Gm/, M r. Bagot, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Brudene ll, Mr. Fan fit tart, Kir. Hayes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Jf7//e//gMt/, Mr. Ryder, Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Staunton, Lord Lu thorough, Mr. Rigby, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Walter; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 dV*;

Anno 3* Georgii III'" Itegis, 1763.

Prayers.

Bill for dividing and inclosingtlie Common Pastures

>r of , in

in the County of Derby, was

Puke of (VI ford’s

Elates* in Twiflock.

Mr. 7?/£% reported from the Committee, to whom the lull for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Tavijtock, in the County of Devon, and ell’ewhere, in his Grace 1 bike of Bedford; and for settling and alluring, in Lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to he issuing out of the I^ands ami Tenements belonging to the said lhike, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee lead gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's'Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou i eve rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

!0

i)

A and Common Fields in the Manor of Litton, in the Pari ill of Tidefxcell, read a Second Time.

Resolverd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cnrzon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. IIarbord, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Armine lVodchouse*\lr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Morton, Lord Grey, Mr. Ilfs, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Burrard, Mr. William Gerard Hamilton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bidler. Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Drake, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Bagot, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. Robinson, Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Waller, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Lowndes, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Glover, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dotvdefwell, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Child, Lord North; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Pirton, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. llewett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, \lr.Shuf/leworlh, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fan-shaw, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. White, Mr. Parker, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Bagot, Lord Clive, Mr Burrell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Cust, Mr. Archer, Mr. Dwelt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Kir. Dozcdejwell, Mr. Tow?i-Jheml, Mr. Ward, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Wm. Mordaunt, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Meredith, Mr. Loicndes, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr. Clive, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. IVi/loughby, Mr. Glover; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Wancick, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Spcakei s Chamber.

Litton

luclosure.

Pirton

luclosure.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in Ihc County of Cornwall, to Higher Water Gate, and Redruth, through Ponfnooth and Gwennap Moors, and the Parishes of Gluvias, P err an, Arzcothall, Stithcans, Gwennap, and Redruth, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved/Yhat the Bill he committed to Mr. Balter, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. 1 Jewett, Mr. Onjlozc, Kir. Shuttleworth, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pryce, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Forrejier, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jaclfon, Sir George Warren, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pye, Sir Jar-rit Smith, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Lord Midleton, Mr. Bull, Sir George Savile, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Lord Rox/ston, Mr. Glover; and all the Members who

serve

Penryn

Roads.

Geo. III. 40 Martit. 525

serve for the Counties of Cornwall, and Somer-

Jet: Ami they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I Cambridge A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping to in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to I Ely, and from thence to and for building a

I Ko* Bridge cross the River at or near a Place called

Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Roy-\ ston, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harris, Lord

Midleton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Mr. Bacon,

Lord John Cawndish, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Whately, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Core, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr Sir Charles

Mor daunt, Mr. Neville Neville, Lord Howe, Mr. Bagot,

; Mr. Wilson, Sir Wyndham and all

I , the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

j Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to

meet this After noou, at Five of the Clock, in the 1 Speaker’s Chamber.

Lowton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Cou*»

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. ShuUlezcorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Ibbetson, Secre- Account:,; tary to the Commissioners of Greenzcich Hospital, at- Greenwich tended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, ’

presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of what Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the Use thereof, from Chri/hnas 1760 to Christmas 1762, and how the fame hath been applied; distinguistiingeach Year; Andy also,

A11 Account, shewing the Number of Men, Boys, and Nurses, who have been maintained and cloathed in the said Hospital, from Christmas 1760 to Chri/hnas 1762: And also.

The Report of the Commissioners of the said Hospital of what Money has been received out of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Deruent water and Charles Radclifle, between the 30th of November 1761,

and the id of December 1762; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Report were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Report is as followeth; viz.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates, forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derw and Charles

Requiring the Commissioners, or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficientTradefmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for finishing ami completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and Jjoth Houses of Parliament, respectively.

The Commissioners, or Governors of the said Hospital, do humbly report as followeth; viz.

1

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the 30th of November 1761, and the id

of December 1762, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, viz. £. s. d.

On Account of the Annual Rents, including the Lead Mines ----- 10,500 o o

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building;

The keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Roads, Drains, Brewing Vessels, and other Works for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to

*>9&5 6 4

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the FJlate, between the 30th of November 1761, and the lft of December 1762, on account of Repairs -

1,500 15

* jfl*.

Royal Hospital at Greenwich, *8th February 1763.

j

V®i. 29.

By Order of the Commissioners,

John Ibbetson.

6 R (Ordered,

5 0.6 40 Martii. A. 1763.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ilonfa.

Chrnfey A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, to Traders, Inhabitants, and others, refilling, trading,

Road* a,n* tray<'^'n^’ lo a,<l from the Town of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, awl read; Setting forth, That the said Town of is within Three Miles of Staines, in the County of Middleji:x,on the groat Wettern Road; ajul that the Road is in many Places ruinous and narrow, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought, in to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed, in the Firtl and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the . Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlefer, to a Place called near the Town

of Bagshat, in the Parish. of in the County of Surrey: And. praying. That the said Road may be included in the above mentioned Bill, in such Manner . as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conluleration of a Committee; And that they do exa-. miue the Matter thereof;.and report the fame, as it flia.il appear to them, to the 1 Joule;

And it is referred to.Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Jennings, Ixird Rayflon, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Mr. Mr.

Curzon, Mr Sandys, Lord Mi die Ion, Mr. Norris, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Sir Charles,

Mr. Sewell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Cavendifli, Mr. Bacon, Mr Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, Sir Mr.

Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Lozcndes, Lord Frederick Cavendifli; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middle-flex, Berks, and SouthamptonAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s . Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hounflaw Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdy and Mr. be

* added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge

JRoad°ne tf,e Term and Powers of Twro Acts passed in the First and i ath Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounjl Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, is committed.

Scropton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

I "cloture, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Wafie Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, do paf*: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kilpfington, Sir Charles Kemys Tyn reported from the Committee,

_&c- to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, 0 of the County of Somerflet; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Somerflet, Wilts, and were severally

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations ol ill? Tirft mentioned Petition, Mr. Peter Davis said, That the Roads from Long Lane to the House of James Moulton, to pelt's Lane, and Butt's Lane-, and from Stour! on Lane, to Ship Settle Hill, and Yarn and from the said I lill to Hedg'darks; and from Long Lane to the Mills Water, and the Turnpike Ror.d leading from

Brewlon to Froom c;and from the said Iron

through Sunny, to Soho; and from Sunny to Great Lippyalc; and from Sohc, through Coal Place,

to the FoflsGate at Stratton Common; and from Soho, through Cole ford, by the Coal Pits to or

near Stratton Church; and from aforesaid, to

a Place called Cullendou">hi the Couo' v of

are in a very ruinous Cot diti m, and frequently impalT-ab’e for Carnages; and are narrow in many Places, and dangerous, and cannot be repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Peter Davis junior said, That he knows all the said Roads, and confirmed the above Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition, an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Breicton, in the County of Somerflet, was read.

And Mr. Peter Davis said, 'I hat the Trustees for putting, the said Act in Execution, have erected a Turnpike at or near Sunny, and obliged all Persons travelling the said Road from to Soho, and from the Coal Pits at Edford, Kitmerfdon, am\ Places adjacent,

to several Parts of Somerset, Wilts, and to pay

Tolls thereat, although they only cross the Road from Brewlon to Froome, which is a great Oppression upon

the Country in general, and a particular Mardihipupon the poor Mauulafturers at Meer, and other Parts of tile County of Dorflel:

That no Part of the said Road from the said Coal Pits to the Counties of Somerflet, Wilts, and Dorset, is repaired by the filid Trustees; and that the Grievance being so great, Application was made to the Selfions to have the said Turnpike taken away; hut they could get no Relief; that he paid Toll at the said Turnpike within this Three "Weeks, when he only crossed the said Road leading from Brewton to Froome.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Sunny, in the County of Somerset: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Wilson, and the Lord Mayor of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants in Planters

of South Carolina, and Owners of Ships, trading t$ His Majesty’s laid Province in America, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the fai l Province hits by Experience been found to he a very proper Soil for producing Rice to very great Perfection, and for many Years last pall the Produce thereof has increased, and would increase Hill more and more, to the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom, and of the said Colony, if Markets were opened for the Sale of that Commodity," that cannot now be supplied therewith; as the Law now Hands the Petitioners are obliged to import it into Great Britain, before it can lie carried to the Madeira, Canaries, and other Wes of Africa, or to any Part of America, not subject to the British Empire, where the Merchant would find a very considerable Vent for this Grain; but at present it is not poffibleto supply these Places, for hefides that it is extremely subject to Weavel and Worms, which deft roy it in the Length of Time taken up in Two Voyages; the double Voyage brings the Freight too high for that Commodity to bear, and that the African Illes are now principally supplied with Rice by the Genoefle, Leghornefle, and other foreign Merchants from the Ixvant, who have it in their Power, while American Rice labours finder the Weight of Enumera-

Ricf grown in Carolina,

Accounts; Cyder and Perry,

Account* of the Treasurer of the Navy.

3 Geo. III.

4° Martii.

517

tion, to underfill the Carolina Merchant; rind that it is in vain to attempt the Sale of that which is the Growth of this Province, although fnperiorin GooHncfs and has the Preference in all Markets where tli<* Price is not at too great a Disproportion; and fiibniitfing to the I louse, that not only the Trade (now in the I lands of Foreigners, to the great Loss and Detriment of the British Dominions) will lie enjoyed by His Maj city's Subjects; but that the great Demand, the opening the ft; several Markets for the Safe of Carolina Rice would occasion, will promote the Culture, and greatly encourage the Production of this valuable Species of Commerce; the good Effects whereof will greatly redound to the Benefit of Great Britain* by a necessary Increase of the Demand for Shipping, the Augmentation of a very advantageous and profitable Freight, Employment for greater Numbers of Seamen and Mariners, and a greater Consumption of the Goods and Manufactures imported from the Mother Country: Amt therefore praying. That Rice, of the Growth of South Carolina, may be taken from the enumerated Commodities, so far as to be permitted to transport it in Ships, navigated according to Law, to the Madeira, Canaries, and to other Isles of Africa* and to any Part of America* fub-jc6t to the half Subsidy to the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Mr,

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perilled by the Members of the I louse.

The laid Account is preserved Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lilts of Twenty-one Pei fons Names, to be the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House, either in the present or in any former Session of Parliament, which-relate to the Application or Expenditure of the public Money since the Commencement of the late War; and to report to the House upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Edward Bacon Esquire > -James Harris Esquire -

Sir Charles Mor daunt Baronet Sir John Turner Baronet - -

Edward Kynaston Esquire -The Honourable Thomas Harley Esquire John Moreton Esquire

Committee on me Expenditure or

late War.

341

3*5

3*4

315

309

304

*99

*73

Townshend, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Rice, Lord Richard Glover Esquire Orwell, Mr. Ne/bitt, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Jackson, Mr. The Right Honourable Sir John Philipps Baronet 269

Elliot, Mr. Thy one, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Onslow Esquire, of the County of Surrey 269

The Right Honoui able Lord George Cavendijk The Right Honourable Lord Yifccunt Parker Peregrine Cvjl Esquire -ThomasH’hichcot Esquire - -

Alexander Hume Esquire

Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Wedderburn,. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drax, Mr.

Nugent, Lord Grey, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Grofcenor, Mr.

Martin, Sir Ellis Cwdijfc, Mr. Jones, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. York, Mr. Burrell, Lord North, Mr.

Pryce, Mr Colleton, Mr. Howard, Sir Edward Bayntun, Soame Esquire

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lynch, Mr. P ref cot. General A'Court, The Rt. Honourable Lord Digby - Mr. Symons, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Sir Maynard Baronet -

Luxborough, Mr. Siiutlleicnrth, Mr. Calvert, Sir. Yorke, The Rt. Honourable Lord Visconnt Royston - Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir George Montgomery Melhar.i, The lit. Honourable Richard Rigby Esquire -

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s 01 mmber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed that Mr. Forrcjler, from the Commissioners of Excite, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

zde.

*54

*53

252,

*49

248

241

231

2

217

*‘5

Thomas Esquire

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Seven of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to report their Observations upon the said Estimates and Accounts, from Time to Time, to the House.

'A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, that the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

The House was moved, that the Order made upon An Account of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry the 23d Day of February last, "That a Committee he

made for Sale, within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day o f July 1761; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pent fed by the Members of the House.

1 he said Account is preferred among!! the other Papers of this hellion.

C<

appointed to take into Consideration the several'Efti-mates and Accounts presented to this House, in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, "which " relate to the Application or Expenditure of the public " Money, since the Commencement of the late War," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Mr. Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Ixml High Admiral of Great Britain, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

An Account, shewing what final Accounts of any consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of the Treasurcrsof His Majesty’sNavy have been passed Supply granted to his Majesty;

by the Navy Board fmee the Year 1744, and the Times Resolved, That this lioule will, upon Monday when their Accounts were signed by the Navy Board *, Morning next, resolve itself into the said Oommit-and also w hat Accounts of the Treasurers of His Ma-jetly's Navy are now depending, and to what Time their Accounts arc respectively passed by this Board *, distinguishing the Times when such Treasurers of the Navy entered upon, and left the said Office,. rcipcc-tively.

Vol. 29.

Way* and Means.

tee.

T he other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to . His Majesty,

Ordered,

Supply.

528 4° — T Mar til A. 1763.

Ji'Pi'l/- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

Gu.uf!'. (-'arriiOMS, and other His Majesty’s Land Forte?, in Great Britain, including those in Germany, Portugal, and Be UP fie, for 121 Days, from the 25th

December 1762, to 24th April 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th April 1763, to 24th December following, being 244 Days, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, at Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Martinica, and the for 121 Days,

from 25th December 1762, to 24th April 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the Plantations, including those in Garr|son at Minorca and Gibraltar, for 244 Days, from 25th April 1763, to 24th December following, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot serving in the East Indies, for 365 Pays, from 25th December 1762, to 24th December 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse serving in Germany; and of Four Regiments of Foot serving in North America, on the Ir\fh Establishment; for 121 Days, from 25th 1762, to 24th April 1763, both inclusivej be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-tqittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 7* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III'" Regis, 1763. Prayers.

C»Hea*tfrtn A N ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and K,oadt. Jl\ ing in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to 18

y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandib-vowrand from t lienee

by Cledfuleh, and over Dnleji Bridge, to the Town of

IdandilcACaxor; and from the said Town, along the Post Road by Rhwyradar, through the County Borough of

Carmarthen, and Village of Saint dear's, to Spite, in the Paridi of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Rond leading from the Fouiteeu Mile Stone, in the Paridi of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to y Gzoijn,

in the Parish of Llundilo-vawr; and from thence by Cledfuleh, and over Du left Bridge, to the Town of Llandilo-vawr-, and from the said Town, along the Poll lload by Rhwt/radar, through the County Borough

of Carmarthen, and Village of Sai s, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of KiJ/ig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the several ElUmates and Accounts Exposure which have been presented to this House in the present Session of Parliament, before the 23d Day of February lat* " last, or in any former Session, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the Public Money, fine® the Commencement of the late War, be referral to the Committee, who are appointed, to take into Considerar tion the said Estimates and Accounts.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com* Dnycott mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pasturei, Indofui*. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Dr ay cot t, in the Parish of in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycolt, in the Parish of IVilne, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hnrhnd’i to dissolve the Marriage of William Hazeland Clerk, Divorc*. with Mary Walley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling certain Lauds, Tene- j)ukeof ments, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Bedford’* Tavijtock, in the County of Devon, and el few here, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for settling and F»ilock assuring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of the Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements,

Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the County of Devon, and el few here, in his Grace John Duke of Bedford; and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out. of the Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the B»U mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Iwjrda, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according Gw-on to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Buribai from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester, Rosd. to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads therein to be mentioned:

And

r

3 Geo. III.

7® Martii.

5*9

fame

was

received! and read the First

And the Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

bsmstaple

Road?.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table! Where the Amendments were once read throughout! and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr Haller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Bani-

Jtant-:, in the County of Devon, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and oilnrs. Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of Rarii/taple, Soutkmolton, Northmolton, Chitlle-

hampton, / 1 Heigh, Kajt Bnckland, W eftBuckland, Swym- f01. Seven Years laA pall; distinguishing each Year,

bridge, and Landkay, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That The House was moved, that Part of an Act made no Pei Ion appeared before the Committee on behalf of in the /9th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King the said Petition; and that the Committee had exa- George the Second, intituled, An Act for appointing a

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Rice imported into, and exported from this Kingdom, and to what Place the fafne hath been exported*

Account) Rite import edi

Westminster

Paving.

W* I

k;

Act ley Iudoiurc.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrotfed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting; the Commons and Waste Grounds, Mol's Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aftley, in the County Palatine was rear! the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Aji'ey., in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

appointing

fudicient Number of Condables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to prevent Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectuat, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleandng, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, B/oomsbury, that Part of the Parish ol Saint Andrew's, Holbottrn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of caster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That they do make Providon in the said Bill, for explaining and amending the said Act of the 29th of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Presentments of defective Pavements, by a Jury of Annoyance; and for enabling the

u ui -i/iu (/, 111 mu vuuuiy 1 aiauuc vi p /j- 11 . ? , L

WmljtatMr. WiWrtd. carry the Bill to Commissionier, appointed by or in pursuance of the . I ilipir so'd Act Of the last Session, to compel stich Persona to

Childfwickham

inclosure.

Hr.

u.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Child/ivickham, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rush-Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Bayntun , Mr. , Mr. Ward,

repair the said Squares, Streets, and Lanes* as are already required by Law to repair the fame*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the Room of the Right honourable William

Richrr1*n4

Writ*

ft?

a-

Roger Neivdigate, M r. Alderman Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Milles, Mr DraxMr. Sir Henry

Harpur, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitchcot, Mr. Mr.

Chaplin, Mr. Serjeant lleivilt, Sir Cnnliffe, Mr.

Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Butler, Mr. Campbell, M r. Parker, Mr. Edi»onston,'Mr. B«»rc//, Mr.

uorlh,\lr.TuJTuell,}Ar.CvJl, S\r William Meredi>h, LorA Grey, Sir George Savile, Colonel Barre, Sir John Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the C-ounties of Gloucester, Worcester, Oxford, and Warwick: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Trnoefs,

Sc.

Road.

Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North F,nd of the Town and Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the VoL. 29*

of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of

Buckingham.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkins, from Account*) the Commissioners of the Culioms, attended at the Win* Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to itnpont<1' the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Wines imported into England, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1761; together with an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties thereon; distinguishing each Year, and how much of the said Duties has arisen in the Port of London, and how much in the Out Ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Berniet and Mr. Edwards:

6 S Me-

53°'

Mr. Speaker,

Offices The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Employing ns. to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy I ieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to regifttr or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and for the Making and Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkthip; without any Amendment; And also,

Chollet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (and other*) for Naturalizing Samuel Chollet, John Francis, Gabriel Nat. Bize, and Samuel Grellet, without any Amendment: And also,

Huber’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act at’ for Naturalizing Abraham 7/uter, without any Amendment: And also, tvn -a The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for Naturalizing John D'Orville and Michael fViegand, Wiegand* with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Nat. Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Mr. Alderman Dicki according to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to pay oft'and discharge the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Navy Services for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Eighty-five thousand Three hundred Seventeen Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defray ing the Charge of Fifty-six thousand Three hundred and Sixty effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Guernsey, and JerJ'ey, including those in Germany, ga/, and for One hundred and Twenty-one Days,

from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inolufive, according to their present Establishment, and for reducing their Numbers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-eight thousand Eight hundred Ninety-three Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations. Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, Martinico, ami

tine’diavamah, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in A ova Scotia, NewfoundlanGibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for One hundred and Twenty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven

hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inclusive, according to their present Establishment, and for reducing their Numbers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-one thousand Three hundred Flighty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defray-

A. 1763.

ing the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, serving in the East Indies, for Three hundred Sixty-five Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Four hundred Thirty-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted t o His Majesty, for defray ing the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse serving in Germany, and Four Regiments of Foot serving in North America, 011 the Irish Establishment, for One hundred Twenty-one Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, to the Twenty-fourth Day of April One tlioufaud Seven hundred and Sixty-three both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of th;s Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Ninety one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand Seven hundred Forty-three Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Five hundred Thirty-six effective Men, Commissioned and Non-Commissioned. Officers included, he employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Eight thousand Three hundred Seventy-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be grained to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Seventeen thousand Five hundred Thirty-six effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from the Twenty-fifth

Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, tot lie Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being Two hundred and Forty-four Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighth-one thousand Se\en hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for mantaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantatio is, including those in Garrifou at Minorca and Gibraltar, ami for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, GibraQuebec, and Se-

negal, for Two hundred Forty-four Days, from the 25th Day of April One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive.

The Six first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution here-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ihe subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Amv: punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; And that Mr, pinion. Secretary at War and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

pofid.

70 Martiu

3 Geo. III.

7° — 8°

531

Employment posed, That an humble Address be presented so His Majesty, humbly to befeceli His Majesty', that he will Half Par *je grucionfly plealed to (ill up such Vacancies as shall

happen in the Army, with Officers from the Half-pay

lJit;

The House was moved, That the Resolution of House, oft lie 27! h Day of April 1699, " That an humble Address lie presented to His Majesty, by such , " Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most " honourable Privy Council, that he will be graciously " pleased to prefer the Disbanded Officers, born within " Hirs Majesty’s Dominions, and entitled to Half-pay,

" as Vacancies shall happen might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Motion for the said Address was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to employ in the Army such Persons as now are, or shall be', upon Half-pav, who are qualified to serve His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Marthy 8* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1763.

Pa a ters.

Way,

anti

Mean*.

typly

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifmgthe Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry made for Sale, within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day ofjuly 1761; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonrej>orted from the Committee,

That they had eome to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Niue of the Clock

A BILL for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Melksham, and Whorlsdown, in the County of I Tilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Long, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Serjeant If (.‘unit. Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Vane, Mr. Alderman Colonel

Bar re, Mr. Bean clerk, Lord Strange, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Kvnafion, Mr. West, Mr. Montagu, Lord Tilney, Mr. Knight, Lord Mr. Fuller, Sir

William Codrington, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Dajinvood, Mr. Runbury, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Lord Par-

ker, Mr. Wilbraliam Bootle, Lord Lu thorough, Mr. Dowdejioell, Lord George Ca Mr. Ward, I^ord Orwell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Wedderb; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, merfet, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor dividing and iuclofinga certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of zvood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen s Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor or Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Times appointed by an, Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Evenwood, and Chapelry of Saint Helen’s Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned to set out, divide, and allot the said Moor or Common.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bra dford9 Arc-Small Debts-

EvenwoodL

inclosure.

VoL 21

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from the House of Thomas Hughes Esquire, adjoining to Hulkin to Farm,

and across the old Post Road in to a

House at Nanty Moch in Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

nezcall, Mr. Harbord, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Sewell, Sir rrhomus Cave, Mr. Bejt, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Norris, lx>rd Macduff, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. , Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Price, Sir John , Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butler, Ixird Strange, Mr. Fane, Sir William Baker, Mr. Hezvett, Lord Lucborough, Mr. Wilbraliam Sir John

linps, Mr. Long, Colonel Barr, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Houblon, Lord Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Buller,

Mr. C/tw, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Whichcot; and all the Members who serve for the County of Chester; and for the Principality of Wales; And they

are

Halkltt

Mou:.tam

Road.

8° Martii.

Coventry

Streets.

532

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

M r. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, lighting, andcleanfmgthe Streets, Cause-ways, Lanes, and Passages in the City of Coventiy, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there; was committed j and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants of the said City, was referred; that no Person appeared before the Committee, on Behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

A. 1763.

Tellers for the Yeas,

P

Sir Roger N

Mr. B

1

26.

Tellers for the Noes,

102.

K Lord Luxborough,

S,(Mr. Serjeant H

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Se- Speaker’s Chamber, cond Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

for veiling Part of the settled Estate of John , the Younger, and Hcjler his Wife, situate at Burnham, in

the County of Ktn!, in Trustees, to be sold; and for lay-ing out the Money toarifeby such Sale, in the Purchase of other l>ands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. On/low, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Barker,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mr. Boiler, S\r Roger Mojiyn, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Mr.

Harris, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Burrell, Lord Mayor of Ixmdon, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bye, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fuller, Sir gate, Mr. Barroiv, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Bailer, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Townshend, Sir Ellis Mr. Glover, lx>rd George Cavendish, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cujl; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, Surrey, ami

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and diluted Patti.res, in the Township and Parish of Bilhatn, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cof, Mr. Sandys, Lord WintertoMr. Archer, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Touchef, Sir Antho Mr. Har-

ris, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilbruham, Mr. Byde, Lord Orwell, Mr. Shafto Lord Mr. Ser-

jeant Hewitt, Sir Roger Mo/lyn, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. worth , Mr. Bacon, Mr. Glover, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Montagu, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Jennings, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Cocks, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Gore, Mr. Damn', Mr. While-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

A Message from the Lords, by Mf\ Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Newmarket,

Road. for repairing the Road from Newmarket Heath to the in the County of Norfolk, did, by Indenture, bearing

A Petition of Rose DupleJJis, and of Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, Devisees named in the last Will and Testament of the Right honourable Henry Hare Esquire, late Baron of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and of Henry Knight Esquire, and William Esquire, on Behalf of Anne his Wife; which said Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of the said William Bafj'et, are the Coheirs at Law of the said Lord Colerane-, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lord Colerane, being seised of divers Estates

Kirkby

Kendall,

tic.

Road.

Derby,

he.

Road.

Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Jndosure.

Lord

Colerane*!

Will.

Date the igth Day of December 1748, grant to the Petitioner, Rose Duplef/is, an Annuity of £. 500, to commence immediately after his Death, to be issuing out of the said Ellate in Norfolk, payable to the said Petitioner, during her Life and that the said Lord

Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmore- Colerane being also seised of divers other Estates in the land, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster, with- Counties of liliddlesex and Cambridge, did, by his Will,

out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging

dated the 17th Day of September 1746, give auddevife all his Estates expectant on the Death of Lady Colerane his Wile, without lawful I line by him, who is since dead without any such Ifl'uc, in the several Counties of Norfolk, Cambridge, and being

the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 3’d Year of the annual Value of £. 2,600, or thereabouts, the of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Remainder and Reversion in Fee Simple of the same to for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of the Petitioner Henrietta Rosa Hare, by the

Derby, to the down of Newcastle under Lyne, in the Name of his dear Daughter Henrietta Peregrina, County of Stafford-, and for repairing and widening the in case lhe should live to attain the Age of Twenty-Road from Cliffebank, to Snape Matfh, in the Village of one Years, or be married with the free Consent of her

Lade’s

festate*,

Shelton, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the L.ords, intituled, An Act 16

Mother, the Petitioner, Rofeif living, or if after her Mother’s Death, with the Consent of h r Guardians; but if the Petitioner, Henrietta Rosa grina Hare, should die before such Age or Marriage, then he devised his Estates over to other Persons, in inch

Maimer

G^o, III, 8°

533

Manner as in the said Will is mentioned; and he charged his Estates, in the Counties of and

with an Annuity of £. zoo, payable out of each of the said Estates to the Petitioner during her

Life;. and that the said. Lord Cole rant died tnrthe 10th Day of 1749; at,(l *bat by several Inquisitions of

Juries of the said Counties of and

taken upon Commissions issued for that Pur pole under the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Petitioners JD.it/deffisand Henrietta RoJ'a Hare, were re-

flectively found to be Aliens-, and thereupon the said jjftat.es a,nd Interqfi, so devised and granted to the said Petitioners liesse Quplejjisand Henrietta Peregrin a

Hare, eicheated so the Crown, and were recovered for the Use of the Crown accordingly; and alleging, that the Petitioner Rose DuyieJJis is the Daughter of a Pro-

teftuut.and was brought, to this Kingdom in her Infancy, and was educated in, and profefl'es the true Protestant Religion ^nd that the Petitioner Henrietta liofa" grina llare was born abroad during the Attendance of her Mother on the said Lord (who went

abroad at that Time for the Recovery of his Health) but was soon after her Birth brought into England, and was educated in, ami profelTes the true Protestant Religion; and that in case the iaid Henrietta should marry with such Coufent, as in the Will is mentioned, or live to attain her Age of Twenty-one'Years, the Petitioners Henri/ Knight, and Anne the Wife of liam Buffet, though the Heirs at I^iw of the said Lord Colerane, will be excluded from any Benefit, unless some Provision be made for them by the Mouse; and that by Reason of several unavoidable Difficulties and Delays attending the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, the Petitioners could not within the Time limited by the Order u£the House, for pvefenting Petitions for private Bills, present their Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to remove their several Incapacities and Disabilities, and to enable His Majesty to grant the said Estates, comprised in the said Will, to Trustees, to, for, and upon such Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, as are mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same, in and by the said Will of the Paid Lord Colerane, but subject nevertheless to the Payment

of £. 30,000 to Trustees, for the Benefit of Henry Knight, and An nethe Wife of William Baffct, Esquire, in Cale the said Henrietta Raja Peregrina Hare shall ttiarrv with l’uch Consent as is mentioned in the said Will, or live to attain the Age of Twenty-one Years; or thiit the Petitioners might receive such other Relief, as to the House houhl seem meet: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Petitioners to present their Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That by reason of the several unavoidable Difficulties and Delays attending the particular Circum-ilanees of the Cafe, Leave be given to exhibit a Petition for bringing in a Bill as deified by the said RoJ'e jh, Henrietta RoJ'aPeregrina Hare, Henry Knight,

Esquire, and William BajjJ'et, Esquire, on behalf of Anne his Wife.

Then a Petition of Rose and of Henrietta

RoJ'a Peregrina Hare, Devilees named in the last Will and Testanoent of the Right honourable Henry Hare, Esquire, late Baron of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased; and of Henry Knight, Esquire, and William Bajfet, Esquire, on behalf of Anne his Wife; which said Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of the said

William Baffct, are Coheirs at Law of the said late Lord Colerane', being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent that the House may do therein as they dial I think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read, containing the same Allegations as are contained in the preceding Petition: And-praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to remove the several Incapacities and Disabilities of the Petitioners; and to enable His Majesty to grant the said Estates, comprised in the said Will, to Trustees, to, for, andqpon, such Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as are mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same, in and by the said Will of the said Lord Colerane', but subject nevertheless to the Payment of . 30,000 to Trustees, for the Benefit of Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Biiffet, in same the said RoJ'a

Peregrina Hare shall marry with such Consent as is mentioned in the said Will, or live to attain the Age of . Twenty-one Years; or that the Petitioners may receive such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meyt.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of t he said Petition.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account; House, a particular Account of the Expenditure of the.

Money laid out upon the Fort at since the fame has been under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance; distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble A Id refs be presented to His Majesty, That he will b* graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be la.u beloie this House, Copier of all Reports that have been received of the State and Condition of the British Forts on the Coast of Africa, from the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War,

(ince the Year 1756 to this Time.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by Rich Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wdtmmfter the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the Room of the Right honourable William Pulleney, commonly called Lord Viscount Pulteney, deceased.

The Ix>rd Strange reported from the Committee, Militia who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Pay and Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Clothing. Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763; and to make Report thereof to the House; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read *, and is asfoUoweth; viz.

Annamabo

Port.

African F.»rti *nd Settlements.

6 T

ESTIMATE

8* Mar til

m

"V

-. . p ‘

e V.

A; 17^3.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Fay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days - -

Ditto, to 70 Adjutants, at 6*. a Day each

Ditto, to 1,542 Serjeants, at is. a Day each - -

Ditto, to i,->oo Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each.....-

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for Four Days Pay, for going to the Place of Exercise and Returning -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at is. 6d. a Week each -

D.tto, to 70 Drum Majors, at 6rf. a Day each - -

D tto, to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d.a Day each, 28 Days - -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - Ditto, to eaeh Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer - -

Clothingfor 30,840 private Men, at £. 1. for. each -

DittOj for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. 1 or. each -

Ditto, for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2 each -

For additional Pay for Clothing ^4 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. each Suhfistence to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3?. 8/. each, for 28 Days -

Ditto, to 435 Etffighs, at js.each, for 28 Days -

£ d.

43.176 0 0

7.665 0 0

28,141: ro> 0

10.950 0 0

6,168 0 0

455 0 0

.638 1S a

1,079 8 0

3»5°° 0 0

4,000 0 0

1 '.023 0 0

46,260 0 0

5,397 0 0

2,400 0 0

108 a 0

2,748 18 6

1,827 0 0

74.537 — ttti 11 fn 11 k

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, Instant Mi/rcA, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the to be perused by the Members of the House. Bank of , of £. 12. 10 s. per , in Part of

’> the Sum or Sums to be contributed by him towards

" The Lord Strange presented to the House, hctordfng the said Sum of £.2,800,000; and also a Deposit of Turnpike to Orden, a Bill for preserving and amending the Tarn- £. id per , in Part of the Monies to be eontri*

Roach. pike Roads of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Use of bated by him, in Respect of each Lottery, as a Security . Bread Wheels: An I the same was received. for making the future Payments respectively, on or

Ordered, That the said Bitt be read the First Time before the Times herein after limited; that is to say, Tomorrow Morning. * On the £.2,800,000.

£.12. 10 per Cent, on or before the loth Day of Ways 1 Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report- May next.

and Meant. e(} froin ti>e Committee of the wholerlonfe, to whom it £. 12. -toy. per Gent, on or before the 16th Day of

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means fbt June next.

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolu- £. 12. 10s. per Cent, on or before the lift Day of tions which the Committee had directed him to report July next.

to the House; which he read in his Place; and after* £.12. ior. per Cent, on or before the 30th Day of wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the August next.

fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.' £. 12. 10 per Cent, on or before the 27th Day of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, September next, that towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, £. 12. ior. per Cent, on or before the 21st Day of the Sum of £. 3,500,000 be raised"in Manner follow- October next.

ingv font is to say, the Sum of £. 2,800,000 by An- £. 12. lof. per Cent, on or before the 24th Day of nuities, after the Kate of £.4 per Centum per Annumnext, transferable at the Batik of England, and redeemable On the Lotteries for £. 700,000.

by Parliament; and the Sum of £.700,000 by Two £.90 per Cent, on or before the 21st Day of April lotteries, to be drawn at different Times, in the Year next, for completing the Payment upon the First Lot-1763; each Lottery to contift of 35,000 Tickets, and tery.

every Blank to be of the Value of £. 5 , the Blanks and £. go {ter Cent, on or before the 11 th Day of October Prizes to be attended with the like 4 \ter Cent, transfer- next, for completing the Payment upon the Second rable and redeemable Annuities; the said several An- Lottery.

nuities to commence from the 5th Day of April 1763, Which several Sums so received shall, by the said and to be payable half-yearly, on the 10th Day of Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Ex-October, and the 5th Day of April, in every Year; chequer, to be applied from Time to Time to suchSer-and that every Contributor towards the said Sum of vices as shall then have been voted by this House in this £.2,800,000, shall, for every £.80 so contributed, be Session of Parliament, and not otherwise; and that entitled to receive a Ticket in each of the said Lotteries, every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his upon the Payment of £. 10 for each Ticket; and that Contribution on Account of his Share in the Annuities every Coitnbutor, shall, on or before the 15 th Day of this attending the said Sum of £.2,8 00,000, at any Time 20 on

3 Geo. III.

8 -9 ° 'J

B 35

Ways aj*4. Means.

f I

on or before the i Sth Day of October next, dr tm Ac-connt of his Shnre in the First Tottery on or bbfore thei 20th Day of April next, of:on Account of his Share in; the Second Lottery on or before the i ith Day of October next, shall be allowed a Di (count aftei; the Rato of £. 3 per Cent, per Antium^un the Sum fp completing his^ Contribution, resperHvely; to be computed from the Day of completing such Goistribution, to the.24tl* Day; of November next, in respect of the Sum paid on Account of the First mentioned Annuities; and to the 2.1st Day of April next, in respect of the Sum. paid on Account of the First Lottery; and to the 1 ith Day of October next, in respect of the Sum paid on Account of the Second Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Light Pounds per Ton be laid upon all French Whies, and of Four Pounds per Toil upon all other Wines, which shall be imported into this^ Kingdom.

Rejblvcd9 That it is the Opinion of this Committee,* That towards raiding the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings per Hogs-bead be laid upon, ail Cyder and Perry, which shall be ipade lor Sale within Unis Kingdom, to be paid by the First Buyer thereof

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Four Pounds per Ton be laid upon all Cyder and Perry imported into this Kingdom. :# ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That the said Annuities and Lotteries be charged upon the said additional Duties, for which the Sinking Fund shall be the collateral Security.

The Two First Uesolutions of the Committee, being

1 7

. Merturiiy 90 dre\Martis '>

Anno 3* Georgii Regis, 1763-.

Pray e.k>.

rN ingr oiled Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping i»i' Repair, several Roads 'leading from the Town of Bnrnstaple,-in the County of Devon, was read

the Third Time. j

Resolved, That t.lie Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing; widening, and: keeping in Repair, several Rohds leading from the Town of -

Jlaple, in the Count y of Devon-.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Sir George Savile reported frorti the Committee, td whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton in in

the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas’ Jiroadtey, James Share, and ling ft Bittydes, Esq ui res, arid ot he rs, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed. Owners-and Proprietors of Lands in, and having Right of Common upon, the Open and Common Fields and Common Places, in the Lordlliip of Sutton an i\ Stoiiefern/,in Iloin the County of

York, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had heard the Petitioners by theitj Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

Barnftapis

Retd*.

Sutton

Inclosure.

severally read aSecondTime, were, upon the Question the Comrnittee( except the Proprietors of Open Grounds, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe. '; and Common Rights, of the Value of about £.45 3.9. 9 Ihe Twodubf^quest Kesolutions of the Committee, per.Ann. who refuted signing, hutd elai xl they had no

p..... * — J ~ c----- J nr;~" ----- r----- Objection to the Bill;) and that the animal Value of all

the Open Grounds, and Common iligiitt-, within the said Pa;-:;h, amounts to 1,715 7 6d. or thereabouts;

and that the Committee had gone ft.;--; Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which hey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

« I h 4- L A n 4 4 1 mI# r I An. I

being severally read a Second Time, were severally ordered to be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is’referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where by inserting, after the Words "additional Duties,", the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then these Words, " upon Wine." a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendment* put thereupon, agreed to by the House. to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, fordi-mittee in the said Resolution lo amended, That the said recting what Course of Husbandry-shall be used:

Account;

Half

SiViidies,

ice.

Annuities and Lotteries be charged upon the said additional Duties upon Wine, for which the Sinking Fund shall be the collateral Security.

Ordered, *1 hat a Biii, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the First, Second, and Fifth of the said Resolutions, as the same have been ag/eed to by the House: And that Mr. Alderman DiGi /iJun, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord N Mr. OjivaLl, Sir John Turner, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solid; >r General, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Deficiency of the 1 Jail Subfulies of Tonnage and

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how Leases may be continued;

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Grazing of Sheep upon the new Inclosures for a certain Time:

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Poundage, charged with the Payment of several An- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be nuities by the A$s of the Sixth Year of the Reign of made Part of the Bill.

IIU1WV3 VJ HIV llVIil VI U*V V. VI.V llUill

Queen Anne, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities thereupon to the Fifth Day of January last.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine of the Clock,

Morning,

Vol. 29.

Another, Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how the Rates, authorized to be made, shall be raised:

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be jmatle Part of the Bill.

Then

Account; Stamp Duties.

Account; Duty on Cvder and Ferry.

Making

of B cad in Scotland.

Highway

general

Laws;

England.

556 9* MartiL A. 1763.

Then several Amendment# were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners for managing the Duties anting by Stamps attended at the Door 5 they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Policies apd Bills of Lading liamped within Three Years, ended id August 1761; together with an Account of the Produce of the Duties thereupon;' distinguishing each Year and also what Part thereof has arisen upon Policies or Bills of Lading, made out within tl»e Bills of Mortality.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufod by the Members of the House.

The fuid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners of Excift) attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Cyder and Perry made for Sale, within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 17615 distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other ’ Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinjonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; And the same was received; and road the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, who were

appointed to eonlider the general Laws now in Force for repairing and widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and to report their Opinion thereupon from Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; width they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in ids Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the future the Highways be amended by Assessments, and not by the Six Days Labour.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of Peace be authorized to appoint General Surveyors, with Salaries, within proper Dif-trifts, to attend and direct the Work to be performed on the Highways.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for paying out of the said Allbirments a proportionable Part, inllead of the Work to be performed o.i Turnpike Roads.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a'Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

' Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent occasional Freemen from Voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Indico imported into England, for Seven Years last pall; distinguishing each Year, and each Place from whence the same was imported. And also,

An Account of what Quantity of Indico has received the Bounty at Importation, for Seven Years lall pall; distinguishing each Year. And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Indico exported from England, from Christmas 1753, to Chrifimus 1762; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew. ‘

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the M» mbers of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Committee appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected within Ten Years last pad, by virtue of any Act of Parliament for repairing any particular Highway; a d to report the Matters, as they shall appearMo them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to lime, to the House; had adjourned from Thursday last, till Friday next;

Ordered, That t he said Committee do meet Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding their said Adjournment.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Nottingham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better cleansing and enligiten ng the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of th" Cay of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Libert v of Saint Peter within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same; is committed.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Gentle* men, Clergy, Freeholders, and Landholders of the County of O ford, was presented to the House, and read;

Stating to the House several Inconveniences which the Petitioners alledge will arise from the Bill, which toe Petitioners have been informed is now depending, for preserving and amending the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, by enforcing the Use of Broad Wheels; aid alleging, that the Petitioners conceive that the Roads in that Part of the Kingdom, and particularly 111 the County of Oxford, are very much damaged by the Use of Broad-wheeled Carriages; inso much as the very great Weights which are ufunlly carried on them me greater than any Materials found in that County will suppoit; and that unless some Limitations and Restrictions are marie, prohibiting all Broad-wheeled Carriages carrying more than a certain Weight, to be allowed by Act of Parliament, many Parts of the Roads in the said County will become unpassable: And therefore praying,

ElrfKonc; preventing ir« uut ilct t V< tei lor Cities.

Account;

Indico

imported.

Highways;

Api lAa iou

of

MvOvy.

York

Streets,

Prefer va» ion of

Turnpike

Road*.

Geo. III.

Expiring

Laws*

Freservation

of

Turnpike

Roads.

Answer to

Address

resprfting

Half-pay

Officers*

3

That the House will take the Premises into Considera* tion, and give such Relief therein as to them f ha I! feevn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee have inquired Accordingly, and have come to several Resolutions \ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee areas followeth; viz.

Resolved y That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Art, made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Securing and Encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1 733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Arts, made in theiith, 19th, 20 h> 29th, and 3 ill Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty; and an Art, made

ro° Ma

y y

e Fxpei'cc, by*. ploying inch of

Attention to the leffcmng the |>Ub!i taking every proper Opportunity ol them as are qualified for Service*

ReJ'olvedy That an humble Address be preferred to His Majesty, That He will be gm*iourly pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this !T<cife, of all Sums of Money which have hern idtied by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Add redes of this House, and which have not been made good by'this House.

Ordered, That the said Address he prefen ted, to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being road, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty i

And a Motion being made. That the Report which

for Seven Years, from the 25th Day of March 1749, and from thence to the Find of the then next Session of Parliament *, and which, by an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1763, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of W avs and Means for ruling the Supply

necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whple House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman, Dickinsonreported'from the Committee, that they had come to a RvTolution, which they had direct'd him to report, when the House will

granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the please to receive the same.

Aits mentioned in the said Resolutious. , That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the First Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, Reading of the Bill for preserving and amending the that he was dreited by the Committee to move, that Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom Jt>y enforcing the Use they may have Leave to fit again, of Broad Wheels, be now read. , That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

And the said Order being read accordingly j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

The said Bill was read the First Time. House, io consider further of the Supply granted to I iis

A Motion was made and the Question being put, Majesty.

That the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^;

Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

} 36-| 86.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> ion die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIIH1 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

MR. Forrcfler reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the An-

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to employ in the Army such Pei Ions as now are, or shall be, upon Half-pay, who are qualified to serve His Majesty) had been presented to His Ma- nuitants of the Governor and Company of Undertakers jesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, for raising the Thames Water iq York Buildings, under

It was always My Intention to shew My Regard to an Indenture executed with the said Company, on the the Merit of My Half-pay Officers, as well as My 26th 1725; William Lock, 0 Square,

Vol. iq. V in

Account 1 Money ifluvd on Addrede*.

Ways

and Mcamk

Supply.

in the First Year of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an was further continued until the 29th Day of September Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the *763, and from thence to the End of the then next Militia of that Part of Gceu/JB/v/ai# called for

Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be One Year beginning the 25th Day of 1763, be

continued. referred to the Confederation of the said Committee;

Resolved, That it i* the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’* That an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An recommends it to the House to make such Provision for Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British defraying the Charges of Pay and Clothing for the Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force Militia, for the Year 17^3> as the House shall think

York

Buildings

Company.

York*

Buildings

Company,

538 10° M 1763.

in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners in the Tack Duty of the Mines of Strontian, in I’erms of the Sub Lease and Assignment of the said Mines, executed in Favour of the said Company on the 31 July 1730; Sir Andrew of Great Broad Street, in the Parish o,

minfer, in the said County of , Knight; and the Reverend Samuel Grove, of Blenheim Street, in the Parish of Saint James’s aforesaid, Clerk; surviving Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, under a Deed of Trust, dated 17U1 and 18th January 1731; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the Mouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act of the 4th Year of the lleign of King George the First, for veiling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland inTiuftees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, Sic, which was read; and by several Deeds of Conveyance like-wile produced to your Committee, it appeared, that in consequence of the said Act, the Governor and Corn-many of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buddings, did make various Purchases of such forfeited Estates, particularly those of and Sou t/ic/k;and being duly seised of the Two latter,

and Purclatfers of the former, by Minute of Sale and Declaration of Trull produced to your Committee, they afterwards lett the same on Leases:

That in pursuance of the Powers granted by an Act, made in the 7th Year of his said late Majesty, for continuing the Duties on Malt, Sic. and to enable the said Undertakers to fell Annuities, by way of a Lottery, the said Governor and Company did grant Annuities accordingly, to the Amount of 10,453. 11 determinable on]laves; and by an Indenture, dated 13th \October 1727, a Trull was created over all the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, on Behalf of the Annuitants, and Infeofiment passed on that Trull Deed, whereby the said Annuitants became the lirll and preferable Creditors on the said Estates, and have for many Years been in the foie Perception of the Rents thereof:

That by a Decree of the Court of Session in,

dated 19th February 1732, it appeared, that the said Governor and Company had borrowed several Sums of Money of Sir John Meres, deceased, for which an heritable Bond was given on the 20th May in the same Year, for £. 10,433, with Interest, to commence from the

Date thereof; and by Virtue thereof the said Sir John Meres was afterwards seised of the said Estates, whereby his Debt became the next in Preference to the Annuitants; and was so determined to be by the Court of Session, on the 13th February 1734, which Decree never having been appealed from, is long since become con-clulive and final:

And by an Alignment of this Debt, dated 30th March 1756, to the Petitioner William , Esquire, it appeared, that the same had been assigned by the Representatives of Sir John Meres to William Lock, Esquire, deceased, and by him-to the Petitioner William Lock, Esquire; that by an Agreement and Sub Lease, dated 3 ill July 17 30, between the said Governor and Company and the late Duke of Norfolk and Partners, Lessees of the Lead Mines of Strontian in Scotland, the said Governor anil Company, in Cousideration of an Alignment and Sub Lease, obliged themselves not only to relieve the Duke and Partners of the Lords Did), and all oilier Covenants in the original Lease, but also to pay a yearly Rent of £. 3,600 during the Remainder of the Term of the original Lease, which was for 30 Y’ears, commencing 25 March 1724; and for which annual Sum his Grace and Partners were afterwards seised in the said Company's Estates:

That by Bond and Disposition, dated 2^tli

1732, the said Governor and Company granted Security to Sir William Billers, John and

Paxton, for £. 100,000 intended to be borrowed by the said Company; and upon which Seizen and lnfeolf-nient of the said Company’s Scotch Estates were taken, and a variety of Sums borrowed, amounting nearly to the said £. 100,000, but the Infeofiment of those Truf-

teos, upon this latter Deed, being prior in Time to that of the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, a DifpiYte arose between them, as to the Right of Preference next after the Annuitants and Sir John Meres and the Court of Session, by a Decree pronounced in January 1739, preferred the Duke of Norfolk and Partners immediately after the Annuitants and Sir John Meres -, which Decree was affirmed by the House of Lords the First of May following, whereby the Creditors, under the Deed of January 1731, can be confidei ed only as Handing next to the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, or iii the Fourth Clals of the Company’s Creditors; and the said Duki and Partners Claim for the Tack Duties, or yearly Rent, incurred under the above mentioned Agreement which (including Interest) would now exceed the Sain off. 148,095. i6r. 2d. if the subsequei it Agreement, hereafter hated had not. been entered into;

That, by an Extract from the Records of the Abbreviates of Adjudications in the Court of Session, anil by the Certificate of Mr. Francis Ao-

comptant to the said Court, it appeared, that the find Governor and Company hadcontrafteda great Number of other Debts, for which Adjudications of the Company’s said Estates in Scotland had been obtained, to the

Amount of £.281,128. is. 1-fid. which, with Interest, will exceed the Sum of £.360,000 Sterling; whereby, and by their other Debts before mentioned, the Company is become insolvent, their Debts far exceeding the Value of their Estates:

By the Rent Roll of the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, sworn to by the proper Officers, it appeared, that the yearly Rent of those Estates is at present worth £. 10,555. iof. 3 d.Sterling, charged with the Payment of the lubfilling Annuities; and that divers Parts of the Estates of M arijchall,l°anmure, and Southejk, were,

in One lease lett to Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden, Esquire, at the yearly Rent of £.4,000.

William Ward, Esquire, Agent and Cashier to the Annuitants, informed your Committee, That the Annuities which originally amounted to £. 10,453. 1 tr. are now reduced, by the Death of Nominees, to £. 5,250 certain,^. 33 uncertain, and ^.49. for which Bonds have never been produced; and that the Payments of the fubfifiing Annuities are brought down to Midjitturner 1761:

That, by Minutes of Agreement, entered into and fiibscribed in the Year 1756, bet ween the said Governor and Company, the Trullees for the Annuitants, the said William lack, deceased, the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, and the Trullees for the £. 100,000 Bond Creditors, produced to your Committee, it appeared, that the Duke of Norfolk and Partners having, in 1736, brought an Action of Ranking and Sale in the Court of Session against the said Governor and Company, and all their Creditors, it was agreed, that Application should be made to the Court of Session, in which all Parties were to join or content lor Sale of such Parts of the Marifchall, Panmure, and Estates, as were then lett to the said Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden, at £. 4,000 per Annum, and that the Money, when raised by Sale thereofi should be applied, in the first Place, to pay what remained due on the said Mr. Lock’s Debt; and then the Sum of^.82,000 was agreed to be paid te the Duke of Norfolk and the roll of the Lefl'ors of the said Mines, for their Debt, and in Discharge of their Demand; (then amounting to about £. 126,000 Sterling) which Sum of £. 82,000 and lute-rest for the faqie, from the 25th of June 1755, after the.

Rate

3 Geo. III.

York Rate of £.\ per Cent, his Grace and Partners agreed to

Buildings accept; and that the Residue the Money, anting qmpaay. Sale, lhotild be paid to the Truiiees for the

£.100.000 Bond Creditors, to be applied in Difdiarge of what remained due to the Creditors under that. Dec- I; and that the growing Rents of the said Estates thouh), in the mean time, till the Estates Were fold, be applied to the same Uses and Purposes:

That by an interlocutory Orderof the Court of Session, dated and July 1757, upon the Application of the said William Iwck, and the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, with Consent of the Annuitants, it appeared* that the Factor, or Receiver on the said Estates, was authorised to pay over to Mr. I jock, and to the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, the yearly Rent reserved in the Lease to Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden: And,

William Ward Esquire further informed your Committee, That he had ever since paid these Rents accordingly to Mr. Lock and the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, whereby the said Agreement was so far already carried into Execution.

And t hat Direct ions had been given bvall Parties con»> cerned to their Agents here, as well as before the Court of Session, for bringing the said Estates to Sale, by a vigorous Prof cution of the before mentioned Suit, at the Duke of Norfolk'sInftaeee, that the Price might he applied according to the Agreement, but that the said Suit is still depending:

By Depositions taken before the Cotirt of Session irt the said Suit, it appeared, that the yearly Rental of the Company’s Estates has been atcertained, and the Value (viz.25 Years Purchase) proved: And,

William Gordon Esquire, said, That the Laws of Scodandrequiring, that in all Actions of Sale of Bankrupt Lands, upon the Acts of Parliament, either depending, or to he hereafter, raised, the ranking of the Creditors, and others concerned, shall proceed and first he concluded by Decreet at leall, to the Avail of the Price of the Lands, found and dated by the Lords of Session, before the said I^auds beexposed to Roup and Sale, the Execution of the abo< e Agreement cannot be obtained in tt.c said Suit, but after great Delay, as many of the Company’s Creditors still defer the Production of their Securities and Grounds of Debt, whereby the Intcrpo-fition of Parliament is necessary for quickening the Execution of the said Agreement:

William Ward Esquire further informed your Committee, That the expediting the intended Sale will not only be a great Ease to the Company, by relieving them from the Risques and Deductions attending Land Rents in Scotland, and of the Charges of Management, but will also be attended with great public Benefit, by transferring ‘hefe Lliates, now neglected and uncultivated, into Hands better able to improve them to their full Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement, entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in Buildings the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives; William Lock Esquire; his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners; Sir Andrew Chadwick Knight; and the Reverend Samuel Grow Clerk; all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale Inch Parts of the Estates of Mar if c.Soulhejk, and others, pursuant to the Lid Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, and Alexander Garden, Esquire: And that Mr. Forrester, Sir Smith, Mr. Philip Carteret Webb, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. Andrew’s Mr. Bejl presented to the House, according to Order,

New Church g Bill for taking down the Parish Church of

Canterbury. VoJL 2().

5*9

Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding the said Church in a more convenient Place; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill by read a Second Time.

Mr. Ihwdrfioellpresented to the House, according to Hmo»rr

Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Square Saint George, HaumerSquarc, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish:

And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Bqjilived, That the B.ll be read a Second Time.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom Whithurst the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Road!7

Ofwrfiryand Wrexham, at or near s House,

through Llangollen> to the inofi properandcommodious

joining of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dwyranhand from

Llangollen aforesaid through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Poll at the joining of the Road leading from Ofwejtn/ to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liad directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. 1'ydereported from the Committee, to whom Highgate

the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several to

Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from High- B^et

gate Gatehouse, in the County of to Barnet

Blockhoije, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chare; and also Camrwood Lane, leading from Ilighgale to Ilam/jjtead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhonfe, and ending at the Bear Inn at Hadley aforesaid; wasconmiitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, 'Jhat the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barnet and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Co Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raffed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named

I o° Ma.

54°

io° Martii. A. 1763

in the First mentioned Act, to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account} The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from Sobfidies t*ie Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; fcc. and, at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the 5th Day of January 1763.

And then he withdtew.

And the Tit le of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followtthfix.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Sixth Year of the the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the 5 th Day of January 1763,

Deficiency at the 5th Day of January 1763, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for paying the Annuity and Charges of Management to the South Sea Company Subscriptions, into their Capital of the-Annuities granted by the 2nd Act-1708, is Forty-nine thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds tone Shilling and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 10th Wilford.

Day of March 1763.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for re-, ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. pairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to the Old

Bear Inn in the Town of Heading and from the said Westminster Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks; was Pavino. Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat-feftual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, ter of the (hid Petition, and ha ! directed him to report intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ilonfe; and the Squares, Streets, and Hanes within the City and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de!i-Libfrty of We stminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the vered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Fields, Suint George the Martyr, Saint George Blooms- read; and is as followeth; viz.

bury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's Hoi- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the born, which lies in the County of Middlesex-, the feve- said Acts were read: And, ral Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of Mr. Richard Simeon, Clerk and Treasurer to the the Duchy of Lancajierwhich lies in the County of Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees

Middlesex;and for preventing Annoyances therein; have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the have laid out several Sums of Money in repairing the same was received; and read the First Time. Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts; that

R foleed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. there is now owing upon the Credit of the said Acts the Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Sum of £.1,450

And several Parts of the said Roads are ft ill in a Simpson Mr. Kynaflonpresented to the House according to ruinous Condition; and cannot be eft'eftually repaired, inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and the Money repaid, unless the Terms and Powers Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common granted by the said Acts be further continued and en-Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in larged.

the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks: And Kir. Thomas Newell confirmed the above Evidence, the same was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament (or repairing the Roads Maidenhead Mr. Van fill art reported from the Committee, to from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the said

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks: And

'.Henley . to put in Execution several Acts of Parliament passed that Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Mr. and Mr,'

in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

George the First, and the First, Ninth, and Twenty-

19 An

3 <j£o III. 10° Martii. \ 541

Totnrfs, An ingrafted Bill for amending and widening several upon this Day Sevcnnight, was made from the Corn* -Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town mittee, to whom the Petition of the G ltlemen, Cfer-and Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, was gv, Freeholders, and Farmers, of {he County of Wor-read the Third Time. whose Names are thereunto fiubferibed; and

RefcAvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title also the Petition of the ferend Gentlemen, Freeholders,

be. An Act for amending and widening several Roads Tradesmen, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, in the

leading from or near tire North End of the Town and County of Worcester, whose Names are subscribed, on

Borough of Totness. in the County of Devon.Behalf of themselves and others; had been severally - Ordered, That Mr. Llovddo carry the Bill to the referred; and which Report was then ordered to lie Lords, and desire their Concurrence. upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read- accordingly

Coventry - An ingrossed Bill, for paving, lighting, and deatifing A Motion was made; and the Questiort being put, Street*. the Streets, causewan.% Lanes, and Pafl’ages, in the That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for the Relief 0/

City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing An* Persons nfing narrow wheeled Carriages in Husbandry

noyances therein; and for better ordering the Public on the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this

Wells and Pumps there; was rear! tire Third Time. Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, It passed in the Negative,

by inserting, in the Lilt of CoromiUioners for putting A Motion Was made; and the Quell ion being put,

the Act in e xecution, the Name of Ckai'lcs Packer. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of And the Qudlion being put. That the Name of Persons using narrow wheeled Carriages in Husbandry Charles Packer be there inserted; on the public Highways and Turnpike Roads within

it passed in the Negative. the County of

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to It passed in the Negative, the Bill, by inserting, in the said Lilt, the Name of

Abel Gravenor. A Petition o(several Merchants residing in the City

And the Question being put, That the Name of 0 and Owners of Ships trading to His Ma-

Abel Gravenor be there inserted; , jesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, was pre-

It passed in the Negative. ' fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to Ibid.Province has, by Experience, been found to be a the Bill, by inserting, in the said Lift, the Name of very proper Soil for producing Rice to reiy great Per-John Pickering. fi ft ion, and for many Years lait pall the produce thefle8-

And the Question being put. That the Name of of has increased, and would inc.cafejRill more and John Pickering be there inserted; more, to the mutual Benefit of this Kingdom ami of

It passed in the Negative. the said Colony, if Markets were opened for the Sale

Then the Amendments following were proposed to of this Commodity, that cannot now befupplied tlmiv-be nude to the Bill; viz.with: as the Law now Hands, the Petitioners are obliged

Pr. a. 1. 20. To leave out " of being a Commif- *0 import it into Great Britain, before it can he earned

" fioner, or aft ing as such, by becoming to the Madeira, Canaries, and other Isles

" an Alderman of the said City ’ and or to any Part of America, not subject to the insert " as aforesaid" instead there- Empire, where the Merchant would find a very con-of: siderable vent for this Grain, but at present it is not

Pr. 5. I.25. To leave out from " provided" to pollibfe to supply tliefePlaces; for, besides that it is "and" in Pr. 6.1. 1. extremely subject to \> eavel and Worms, which dp-

Pr. 30. 1. 20. To leave out " except only Lodgers stroy it in the Length of Time taken up in Two Vy-

" ami Boarders, who are to he rateable ages, the double Voyage brings the Freight too. high

" so far as is herein before in that for that Commodity to bear; and that the African

" Behalf mentioned, but no further." Isles are now principally suppbed with Rice by the Ge-

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qudlion Leghornefe, and other foreign Merchants from the

- - - put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Levant, who have it in their Power, Rice

/ was amended at the Table accordingly. labours under the Weight of Enumeration, to under-

’v . liefolved, -That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fell the Carolina Merchant; and that it is in vain to

}>e,.An Act for-paving,.lighting, and cleansing the attempt the Sale of that which is the Growth of this Pro-City of Cavenin/,audits Suburbs; for preventing An- vince, although superior in Goodness, and has the Pre-wiyances therein;' and for better ordering the Public fdenee in all Markets, where the Price is not at too

Wells and Pumps there. great a Disproportion; and fulnnitting to the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the that not only the Trade, now in the Hands of Fo-

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. " reigners, to the great Lois and Detriment'of the British

Dominions, will bo enjoyed by His Majesty’s Subjects,

Ripht the House was. moved, That an Act made in the but that the great Demand the Opening these several toTrade* 22ff Year.oftlie Reign of his late MajellvKing George Mai kets for the Sale of Carolina Rice would occafi on,

from the Second, intituled, An Act to enable' such Officers, will promote the Culture, and greatly encourage the

®"Jee Mariners and Soldiers, as haw been in His Majesty’s Production of this valuable Species of Commerce, the

Army, &c. Service since his Accdfion to the Throne, to exercise good Eflefts whereof will equally redound to the

Trades, might be read. Benefit of Great Britain, by a necessary Increase of

And the fame being rend accordingly; the Demand for Shipping, the Augmentation of a very

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to advantageous and profitable Freight, Employment for pnable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have greater Numbers of Seamen and Mariners, and agreat'er been in the Lind or Sea Service, or in the Marines, Consumption of the Goods and Manufactures imported

since the 22d Year of hi* lute Majesty King George from the Mother Country: and then-fore praying,

the Second, to exercise Trades: And that Mr. Secre- That Rice of the Growth of South Carolina maybe tary at War, Mr. Thomas Town/hendjunior, and Mr. taken from the enumerated Commodities, fp far as to Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the Cane. be permitted to transport it in Ships navigated accord-

ing to Law, toth e Madeira, Canaries, and to other Isles The House was moved, That the Report which, of Africa, and to any Part of America.

Vol. 29. 6 X Ordered,

Bread Wheels used hi

Husbandty*

bice

grows in Carolina.

54^ 10° — ii

Ordered, That the said Petition be referral to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Merchants in London, Planters of Carolina, and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s said Province in America, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Answer Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address Address of Tuesday last (That His Majesty would be gra-

for ciously pleased to give Directions that the Account

Account, therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he . will give Directions accordingly.

Dtao. Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Supply, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee lmd directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Harbord, the Lord Strange, and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bethnal An ingrossed Bill for maintaining, regulating, and Green employing the Poor, within the Parish of Poor- , Bethnal Green, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 7. After " Church" to insert " for the " First Time

Pr. 3. 1. 23. To leave out " and" and insert " or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Matthexv, Bethnal Green, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and desire their Concurrence.

LorJ The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Colenne’s a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Will. Petition of liofe Duplejfis, and of Henrietta RoJ'a

grina Hare, Devisees named in the last Will and Testa-ment of the Right honourable Henry Hare Esquire, late Baron of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, and of Henry Knight Esquire, and William Bqfiit Esquire on Behalf of Anne his Wife; which said

Martii \ A. 1763.

Henn) Knight, and Anne the Wife of the said William. Bqfl'et, are Co-heirs at [.aw of the said late Lord Cole rune.

Mr. Speaker left the C lair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant, certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Coleratie, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust; for Henrietta -

grina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to RoJ'e Dupleffis, and also to a certain Sum,

payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Buffet, and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to he mentioned.

And Mr. Fuller moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill to enable llis Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta Bofa PeregrinaHare, nun her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to RoJ'e DuphJ/ix, ami also to a certain Sum payable to Henry Knight, and ylnne the Wife of

William Bqf'ct, and to the Limitations and Provisions

therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Fuller and Sir Edmund Thomas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That that this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider tire general Laws now in Force, for repairing and widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763, Prayers.

Q1 R Waller Blacket presented to the House, accord-O ing to Order, a Bill for lighting the Streets and other Places, and maintaining a regular and Nightly Watch within the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyneand for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex ;for cleansing and

lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch within the said Parish; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Church: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Homeland Clerk

idi

Highway

general

LlWJ;

England.

Ntwqaflle upon Tyne Nightly Watch.

Whitechapel Streets, 4c.

Hazeland’i

Divorce.

Sutton

Inclesure.

Newport*

&c.

Roads.

York

Buildings

Company.

Nunn/

Roads.

Lawton

to

Burslem

Road.

3 Geo. III. n ° Martii.

543

with Mary Walley, his now Wife* send to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee . of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 22d Day of this instant March., resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrn&ion to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nefl'es for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Coumel, and examine Witnesses* against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-fel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in ness, in the County of York, was read the Third Time, Rffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holder ncf.;, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Hcioett do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bo got presented to the House, according to Order, a Bdl for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Ton’ll of Stafford to in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Stafford, through Bridgeford and to

Ireland's Croft, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and also the Road Icadingfrom Br through

Sullen, to the W hitchurch Turnpike Road, near port, in the County of Salop;and also the Road branching from the said Road between Bridg/ford and near a Place called Wefion Wood, through Eccleshall to Trent ham, in the said County of Stafford-, and also the Road leading from Newj/ort, through Donnington, to Wellington, in the said County of; and also the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Wood-cote, near Newport aforesaid, through to Bridge-

north, in the said County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the 13.11 be read a Second Time.

Mr. Forreker presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers, for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings; the Trullees for Annuitants on Lives; William Iwck Esquire; his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners; Sir Andreio Chadwick Knight; and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk; all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Panmure, Southefk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, and Alexander Garden Esquire: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Kemys Tyntepresented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Nanny, in the County of Somerset: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads therein to be mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Kemys

Vol. 29.

Tynte, Mr. Snrxdys, Sir Walter I Fag staff Bagot, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Dtnvdejicell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Newell, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Mitchell; Ml\

Bootle, Mr. Pi/l, Si/- William Maynard; Mr. Norris;

Mr Ward, Mr Mazobcy, M r. Colletobir. Price, Lord

Charles Spencer, Mr. Archer, Mr. Glover, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord George Sackville, Mr. A Sir George Warren, Mr. Alderman DicM

Mr. Price, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Mr.

Gray, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Woodley, Mr. , Sir Jarrit Smith; Mr. llarvey. Sir John Barrington, Mr; Hunt,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. JackJim, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Shelley, Si r IFill/am Meredith, M r.ShI ord

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr Mr Mr. Tudzvqy, Mr. Webb, Mr. WallSir gomery Metharn, M r.Grant, LordLtixborough, Mr. Clive,

Lord Middleton, Mr. Wynne, Lord Mr. Onslow,

Sir WilliamBeauchampProflor, Mr. Fanjittart; LordClive,

Mr. Evelyn; and all the Members who serve for the*

Counties of Stafford, Chester, Lancaj, Derby, Notting-

ham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Biirgeffes of the City Gimtcttter and County of the City of Gloucester, in Common Eltttiou. Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having observed by the V oles of the House, that a Bill hath been ordered to be brought in to prevent ocealional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs; and alleging, that at the Iaii general Election of Members for the said City, there were Three Candidates, viz. the present Members, and Poivetl Snell Esquire; and that several Persons applied, after the Telle of the Writ, to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City, not hav ing made any Demand thereof before, in order, as they declared, and have since also declared, upon Oath, to vote at the then next Election; and it being then infilled upon, on behalf of feme of the said Candidates, that by a Resolution of this House on a similar same of the City of Norwich, on the 12th Day of 1701, it had been determined, that Persons having a Right to Freedom before the Telle of the Writ, and took out their Freedom after the said Telle, not having demanded the same before, had not a Right to vote in theenfning Election; such of the Petitioners then present, w ho were the Mayor and Alderman of the said City (in whom the Power of admitting Freemen is veiled) apprehending that if they did not conform to the said Resolution, they should incur the Censure of this House, they did reiufe to admit any Person to their Freedom, on whose behalf no Demand had been made prior to the Telle of the Writ; ami believing that the same would also tend to mislead and diltrefs the Sheriffs, who are the returning Officers of the said City, and perhaps thereby occasion Petitions to this House; but all such Persons were allured, that they should be admitted to their Freedom as feou as the Election was over; and several of them, who had a Right, were accordingly afterwards admitted; and that the Petitioners believe, that the whole Number of Persons so refilled did not amount to above Eighteen; and that the Difference of the Numbers so refused, for the Reufens aforesaid, on behalf of the several Candidates, did not amount to above Eight or Ten Persons; und that the Majority for the present Members amounted to above Four Hundred, notwithstanding the many Violences used against, and the kidnapping, confining, and even killing of feme Persons, who wer? in the Interest of the present Members; and that as the Right of Election of the present Members could not be called in question, the Petitioners did not think proper to trouble this House with their Complaint thereon; but feme of the Persons, who had. so been refused their Freedom, being in very low Cimmdtances, hay® since

by

544 11° Martii. 176$.

by the Instigation,' and at the Expence (as the Peti- A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Settlements tioners have great Reason to believe) of an Attorney Poor, and other Inhabitants of fevera] Parishes, as weH by and Gomifellor at Law of the said City, applied to the within the City of-London, as within the Tower Ham- Land Tax Court of King’s Bench, and obtained tin Information lets and County of , and the Borough of Afl’e<I®en,s-

against Three of the Petitioners, who were then Alder- Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; men, as the particular Persons applied to for their Free- Setting forth, That under the general Words of the doms, although the Refusal for admitting them thereto Statute of the 3d of William and Mari), it hath been was made by the Mayor and all the Aldermen then pre- adjudged that Persons rated orassessed to the Laud Tats, sent for the Reasons aforesaid, which was then declared and who pay the Part thereof charged on them to them by the Town Clerk; and that as such Incon- spectively, in or by any Land Tax Rate, or Assess-veniencies have already arisen to some of the Petitioners ment, do thereby gain legal Settlements in the Pari ill from their ft rift Adherence to the said Resolution of this or Place wherein they respectively inhabit, and were so House, and may hereafter arise to other Persons at fu- rated, and did pay; and that since such Settlement has tue Elections; ami that as it is necessary the Rights of been so adjudge*!, the Poor have greatly increasod in Persons claiming their Freedom may be fully looked the several Parillies aforesaid, by Reason that great Nunt-jnto and examined, and many infamous and corrupt ber of Houses in the Out-parishes, particularly where Applications from the Electors, and great Expence to large Manufactories are carried on, are let out in le-Gandidates be prevented; and also that Security may be parate Apartments, whereby they can have easy liefort given to Magistrates and returning Officers, who are to, and take only Part thereof; and after inhabiting ip desirous of impartially, discharging their Duty: And them for a iliort time, often less' than a Quarter, and therefore praying. That a Clause or Clauses may be being rated and paying towards the Land 'Fax, not-inserted in the said Bill, in order to ascertain some fixed withstanding the same is allowed to them by the Land-Time for admitting of Persons to their Freedom for lords, they gain a legal Settlement in fpcli Parillies, and voting in Respect thereof, previous to Elections; or thereby are become very burthenfodie and expensive; that llie House will be pleaded to-order that another Bill and alleging, that if some Provision were made to re- may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid; and that medy the Grievances arising the reby, it Would afford the House will give such further and other Reliefinthe great Relief to the several Parities within this Kingdom;

Premises, as they shall think proper. And therefore praying the House will take live fame

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- the House shall deem meet.

.amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with The House was moved, That Part of an Act made their Opinion thereupon, to the House: in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and

And it is referred to Mr. Selxoyn, Mr Borrow, Sir Queen intituled, An Act for the better Expla-

William Meredith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Muwbey, nation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws*

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Tudzoay, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Sandys, for the Settlement of the Poor, might be read.

Mr.Gray, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cheluynd, Mr. Kynaston, M r. And the liime being read accord ingly;

Doiodejwell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Montagu, , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Lord horfh,\h\Parker, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, obviate the Difficulties that nrife by Persons gaming Mr. Jackson, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Alderman Dickin-Settlements in Parishes and Places, in Rospect of their son. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Wr.Hamilton, Mr. Vunfit tart, being assessed to the Lstod Tax; And that Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Byde, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sir William Beauchamp ProFlor; Mr. Mawhey, Mr.

Sitqffor, Mr. Edmonson, Mr. Forejltr, Sir George Snvila, Alderman Harley, Sir Richard Mr. Gray, and

Mr. Morton, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fitzroy, Lord Parlor, Mr. Bidter, Sir James Dashwood,

Mr. A 'orris, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Mr. Alderman Dickinson prefonted to the House, ac- Supply Bi

Edward Winning!on, Mr; Ifarvey,- Lord Strange, Mr. cording to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to fa-Harris, Sir Edmund EtiomaMr Clwlmley, Lord Canjs- tisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Trail (port Bills,.ami

fort, Mr. Lullrell, Lord Royston, Mr . Darner, Lord Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment Mayor of London, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Turner, Sir of such Annuities, on the Sinking fund,.and making Edward Deering, Lord Downe, Lord Burgherjht, and all good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein

the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, mentioned: And the same was received; and read the

Worcester, Hereford, and Wilts and for South Wales: Fir.ll Time.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second Tiipe.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. The House was moved, That an Act made in the

19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh. Wof*s‘ Whitechapel \lr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to intituled, "Silk V orks," might he read;

Roads- Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the And the same being read accordingly.

Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Ordered, That Leave be given to- bring in a Bill for

Highways from Whitechapel Church to Woodford-, and explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,

for enlightening and watching Part of the said Road the said Act; And that Mr. Begot, Sir linger A from.Whitechapel Church to Stratford-, and for repair- S.ale, Mr thei Lord Grey, Sir

ing and widening the Road through the Parillies of Mr. Serjeant Hezvitt, and Sir

Cjiigrcdland Lambovrn, in the Counties of Middlesex Proctor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, add. EtfexiAnd the same was received; and read the

First Time. The Order of the Day being read, for the House Highwiy

' Rfjblvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B*"1

- to consider of the Report which was made from the

Maidenhead r -hlfiVanJilta rtpresented to the House, according to Committee, who were appointed t-o consider the general

‘® Qcilet,' a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Laws now in Force for repairing and widening tlid f

Road^ Ponexp of several A' ts of Parliament, for repairing the Higways in that Part of Great Bi'itiiinxmMedEnglhnd-,

Rp»ds from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading-, and from and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to t|v;foidBri<lge to Hailey Bridge, in the County of Berks: lime,-to the House.

Atod: the same was received;- and read 1 lie FiritTime, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ReJblvecL, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing, resolvo nielf into the said Committee.

The

"Ways

and

Meant.

Supply.

Half-Pay

Lift.

Widows

of

Half-Pay

OHicers.

Reduced Horle Guards.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

3 Geo. III. n° — \2° Martii. 545

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Cyder and Perry, made for Sale within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1761; di-stinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dick infan took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Addressto His Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Ollieers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Ellirnate of the Pay thereof, for the Year 1763.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduc'd Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of 1 lalf-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1763. And also,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Ollieers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1763.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Ellirnate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved- the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 29.

Sabbati, 12° die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III. Regis, 1763. Prayers.

MR. Thomas Townshend junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor the better Paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in the Town of Go/port, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford; and for making a Compensation for Common of Pasture, and Tithes arising the rein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. MortonMr. Gray, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir Halter Blacked, Mr Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Sundys, Sir Mr. Bacon, Mr. Deluca I. Mr. Begat, Sir Roger gate, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Waiter Bagot,

Mr Jenkinson, Sir Francis- Mr.

Owen, Sir John Philipps, Mr. »S Lord Grey, Mr.

Tozcn/hend, Sir Jar r it Smith, Mr. hard Charles

Spencer, Mr. Fulei/, Lord Strange, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp Prvclor, Mr. Sir Edmund

Thomas, Mr . Dowdeswell, Do Mr. Ward, Lord

Burgherjh, Mr. Gloccr, Mr. Darner, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Coven trig Mr. Luttrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Southampton,

Warwick, and Northampton: Atul they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geo lie Second, for repair-

ing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Nezccajtlc under Lytic, in the County of

Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road from Ciijfebank to Snape Mar/h,in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford; was read a Second Time: Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Tozcn/hend junior. Lord George Mr. Fuller,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. RidlMr. Gray, Mr.

Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Saudi/s, Sir Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Walter BlaekeMr. Bcjl, Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Mil Lord Cavendish,

Mr. Shiffher, Sir Francis FiuMr. Merrick

Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Balter, Mr. Mr.

Morton, Mr. Dozedeficell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ward, Mr. Parker, Mr. Delaval, Lord Mi*.

Sir lYalter IVagslaffBagot, Mr. Sir Edward

Bayntun, Mr. Glover; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o\i Derby, Stafford, Chejlev,

Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Dickinson, M r. Dinner, M r. Fuller, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blaeket, Mr. iffner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Tozcnjhendjunior, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Ann-

Jtead Parker, Mr. BV Mr SunnyMr. Gray, Mr.

6 Y

Gofyort

Stieet*.

Mertot1

Iiiclufure.

Derbv,

*c.

Road.

Mak?ns> of Bre.ui; ScoiUnj.

546 i2° Martii. . 1703.

Pitt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Bailer,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Morton, Sir Newdigate, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr. Gascoi/ne, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Robert Mr. John Parker, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Montagu, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir

Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr Mr.

Edmon/on, Mr. Pye, Sir George Savile, Mr. j Mr. Clive, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Touchet, Sir

Edward Bayntun, Mr. Barrozv, S\tGeorge Warren, Mr. Norris, Lord Strange, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Maiobey, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Dyson, Lord Grey, Mr. Glover, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Luttrell, Lord Charles SpencerMr Sir

Mordaunt, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir William Meredith, Sir Roger Mqftyn, Lord , Sir Edmund Isham,

Lord Macduff', Lord George Cavendish: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Elrftions; A Bill to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at prevei ting Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities Vote* for anf* boroughs, was read a Second Time.

Cniei. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Rebuilding Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Wareham. Order, a Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding own, &Ck ||ie Town Qf Wareham, in the County of Dorset, and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Discovery *Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom of the the Petition of John Ilarrijbn, of the Parish of Saint Longitude. George the Martyr, was referred: That the Committee

- had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as followeth:

An Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the u Longitude at Sea," was read: And,

Mr. William Harr if on, Son of Mr. John Harrison, produced toyour Committee a Paper, intituled, " Some " Account of Mr. Harrifos Inventions for determining the Longitude at Sea, and for correcting the Charts of the Coasts;" being a Copy of the Opinion of many great and eminent Astronomers, that the Machine, invented by the Petitioner, will be of great and excellent Use for determining the Longitude at Sea, and for correcting the Charts of the Coasts; which Paper is hereunto annexed, N° 1. And,

Doctor John Bavis being examined, said, That the first Time he saw Mr. s Clock was at Mr.

Graham's, the latter End of the Year 1735, and that Mr. Graham told him, that he had kept it in extreme Heat and Cold, and with a great Swing, and that it always went very well by his Regulator.

Mr. William Harrison being examined, said, That in the Year 1726 his Father fiuithed a Pendulum Clock for the Land, the Performanc e of which greatly ex-

ceeded his Father's Expectation; and that about two Difcdvefy Years after he begun a Machine for the Use of the Sea, of the and has employed himself in that Way ever since, and Longitudes has now completed a Watch, or Instrument, of due Perfection, for discovering the Longitude at Sea.

Being a iked, To what Perfection it is now brought?

He said. To a greater Perfection than required by the Act of Parliament: That the Witness went to Jamaica with this Instrument, by Order of the Commissioners of Longitude; and he produced to your Committee a Letter, sent to his Father by Mr. Stephens, (Secretary to the said Commissioners) acquainting him, that he might cause his Son to proceed to try the Experiment, and also sent a Paper of Instructions, relating to the Method of keeping the Watch, and for making Observations of equal Altitudes at Poand Jamaica, and directing him to return by the first Ship that iliould fail for England-, which Letter and Paper are hereunto annexed, N° 2 and 3.

Mr. William Harrison also produced Four other Papers, containing the Observations made at PortJ'mouth and Jamaica, pursuant to the said Instructions; which Papers are likewise hereunto annexed, N*4,5,6, and 7;

And,

Mr. James Short being examined, said, That he had seen the said Papers of Observations of equal Altitudes, made at PortJ'mouth and Jamaica, and afterwards at PortJ'mouth again:

That, from a Calculation made of those Observations, he finds, That Mr. Harrison's Watch came greatly within the nearest Limit of the Act of Parliament, of the 1 ath of Queen Anne, in the Voyage to Jamaica, the Error amounting only to Five Seconds of Time, bei ng eq u al to a little more than One G eographical M ile:

That the Longitude between Portsmouth and Port Royal in Jamaica was determined by the Transit of Mercury in 1743; all which appears by the Calculation hereunto annexed: N*8.

And being aiked. If he was fully satisfied this Calculation was right?

He said. It was.

And he further said. That he found the whole Error of the Watch, from its leaving Portsmouth, in November, till its Return thither in April following, amounted only to One Minute and Fifty-four Seconds and a Half of Time, which is equal to Twenty Minutes and Thirty-seven Seconds and a Half of a Degree, which is nearly equal to 18 Geographical Miles in the Latitude of Portsmouth.

And the Witness likewise said, That by Observations of Two Eclipses of the Moon, recorded in the Philosophical Transactions, the Difference of Longitude between Port Royal and Portsmouth comes out nearly the same as that determined by the above mentioned Transit of Mercury:

That the Longitude of Places is determined with more Certainty by Transits of Mercury over the Sun, than by the Eclipses of Jupiter's first Sattelite; the utmost Limit of Error observed in the Observations of the Transit of Mercury amounting only to 3® Seconds of Time; whereas the Limit of Error in the Eclipses of Jupiter's first Sattelite (which is the belt for determining Longitude) amounts Sometimes to 3 Minutes Seconds of Time, as appears from corresponding Observations made at Greenwich by Mr. Flamstead, and Mr. Mar aid i at Paris, from the Year 1677 to the Year 1701, recorded in the Memoirs of the Royal Academy of Sciences: This is likewise confirmed by like Observations made at the Cape of Good Hope, by Monsieur

L'Abbede la Caille, and at Paris by Monsieur Maraldi, in 1751, in which Observations the Limit of Error amounts to 1 Minutes 45 Seconds.

He further said, That the Rojral Astronomers at Greenwich and Paris have not been able to settle the Difference of the respective Longitudes of those Places, by Means of the Eclipses of Jupiter 's Sattelites, not-

withstanding

3 Geo. III. t2° Mariit. £47

withfijanding those Tvtfo Observatories are upwards of 80 Years (landing; the French making it 9 Minutes and ioSeconds in the Book called "Connoiffanedeftemps" and the English in Doctor Hawley's Tables setting it down at 9 Minutes 20 Seconds.

George Lewis Scott Esquire being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Short; and said, That the Theory proceeded upon by him is accurate and just: And,

Mr. William Harrison produced to your Committee a Letter from Captain Digges giving an Account of the Utility of the Watch, in finding the Hland of Porto Santo, (one of the Madeiras); which Letter is hereunto annexed, N® 9: And also a Certificate from Governor Lyttelton, Captain Digges, and Mr. Seward, certifying the due Care taken of the Watch, in Obedience to the Inllructions of the Board of Longitude; which Certificate is hereunto annexed, N° 10.

Mr. Robert Bishop, a Pilot, sent by the Government to the Fleet in the West Indiessaid, That he failed in the Deptford Man of War with Mr. William Harrison, on the 29th of November 1761; and that on the 9th of December following the y made the Hland of Porto Santo, by the Assistance of Mr. Harrs Watch, which did Ilonourto him, it being much juster than the Ship’s Reckoning; and said, that there were the like Errors in the Ship’s Reckoning in the Voyage from the Madeiras to the Hland of Defeada, which the Watch like-wife corrected; and that they made that Hland a great deal better than they could have done without the Help of the Watch.

Mr. William Harrison being again examined, said, That they took their Departure (in the Deptford) from the Lizard on the 9th of November 1761, and that on making the Hland of Porto Santo, the Error in the Ship’s Reckoning was about a Degree and a Half to the Eastward, but that the Watch was found to be quite right: That on making the Hland of Defeada, the Ship’s Reckoning, and that kept by the Watch, differed about Two Degrees and a Half; and that the Watch was then also found to be right; and that in the Run from Defeada to Hispaniola, the Ship’s Reckoning differed from that of the Watch about a Degree, when the Watch was likewise found to be right; that they were then in Sight of Jamaica, and arrived there on the 19th of January 1762, and afterwards found the

Longitude by the Watch differed from that which was settled by the Transit of Mercury no more than Five Secoqds of Time, which is equal to a Geographical Mile and fth of a Mile.

He further said, That, pursuant to his Inllructions, he failed in the Merlin Sloop on the 28th of January 1762, this being the first Vessel that failed from thence, and that they did not meet with any other Ship till the 23d of March, when the Essex Man of War (poke to them in the Channel before they saw the Land; that the Essex had seen ScillyLights the Evening before, and could not be much out in her Reckoning; that Capt. Scomberg, of the Essex, came on board the Merlin, and compared the Reckonings of both Ships, which very nearly agreed, and that Three Days after the Merlin came to Spithead: That in the Voyage from Jamaica the Officers of the Ship, in a great measure, gave up their own Reckonings, and trusted to the Watch for the Correction of them; that the Weather was very tempestuous during the Passage, and that the Watch was placed in the After-part of the Ship, the Captain thinking that to be the dryefl, but by that Postion it received very violent Shooks, by means of which its Motion was a little retarded, and occasioned it to vary more in coming Home than in going; for in the Voyage Home it loll One Minute 49 Seconds, being about 16 Geographical Miles, whereas in going it loft only Five Seconds, being about One Mile and One Fifth, as was above mentioned.

V01,. 29.

Being afleed. Whether he had marie the Observations at going out at Jamaica and coming home?

He laid. That those Observations were made by other Persons mentioned in the aforesaid Instructions.

The Directions of the last Board of Longitude, dated, the 26th of February 1763, recommending the Petitioner’s Application to Parliament, was also produced to your Committee; and is hereunto annexed. No. 11.

APPENDIX, NT.

Some Account of Mr. Hars Inventions for de-

termining the Longitude at Sea, and for correcting the Charts of the Coasts;

If Clocks or Watches could be made to keep Time exactly on Ship-board, it is allowed on, by all Hands, they would be the bell Means for determining the Longitude at Sea.

In this the famous Monsieur was so fully

satisfied, that he spent much Time, and thought upon the Improvement of Pendulum Watches for that Purpose, and proceeded so far as to prevent that Irregularity in their Motion which the Agitation of the Ship would otherwise occasion, and accordingly his Watches were found very useful in quick Voyages to correct the Ship’s Reckoning; but being Hill subject to several small Irregularities, which in Time would amount to a considerable Error, they could not lately be trusted 111 veiy long Voyages.

It is well known that the Variation of Heat and Cold, of Moillureand Dryness; of the Friction of Bodies in Motion, and of the Fluidity of Oil, are the Causes of very considerable Irregularities in the Motion of the bell Clocks at Land: Mr. Harrison at first was led, by mere Curiosity, into a Consideration of these Causes; and after various Expedients, happily contrived to remove some, and balance others against one another, he has, in Effect, removed them all, and made a Pendulum Clock that keeps Time so exactly with the Heavens, as not to err above One Second in a Month for Ten Years together; an Invention not only admirable in itself, but of very great Use towards the Improvement of Afironomy and Navigation.

After this M r. Harrison, living near a Sea Port Town, was induced to consider how to alter the Construction of his Clock, so as it might not be subject to any of the said Irregularities even on Ship-board, and did accordingly conllrucl a Machine for keeping Time, which, upon Trial, answered his Expectation; for being put on board of a Ship, after a Voyage to Lisbon and back again, it corrected the Reckoning at the Mouth of the Channel about a Degree and a Half, as appears by Certificate from the Mailer of the Ship.

The Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for providing a Public Reward for such Person, or Per-: fons, as shall difeaver the Longitude at Sea, having seen and approved this Machine, were pleased to en- courage Mr. Harrison to make another of the fama Kind, but with several Improvements.

This second Machine was finished about Two Years ago, and a Journal of its Motion compared with that of the Clock above mentioned, has been kept ever since, with little Interruptions, and at sundry Times the Machine has been very much heated by Fire, and suffered to cool again, and has been agitated for many Hours together, with greater Violence than what it could receive even from the Motion of a Ship in a Storm: And the result of all these Experiments is this, that (as far as it can be determined without making a Voyage at Sea) the Motion of the Machine is sufficiently regu- lar and exact for finding the Longitude of a Ship within the neared Limits proposed by Parliament, and probably much nearer.

But, as all Inventions are capable Improvement, Mr. Harrison, by the Knowledge he acquired from Experience

Discoverjf

of tkc Longitude.

T)ifeovery of the Longitude.

548 - 12° Martl

perience of these Two Machines, has been enabled to contrive a Third, still upon the same Principles, but of aConftruclion something different; and has already made Part of this Machine, which, when finished, will have the following Advantages above the former: That being of a smaller Size, it will be more commodious; that being ofa plainer and simpler Construction, it will be less subject to any Disorder, will be easier adjusted, and will serve as a better Model for Workmen to make others by, so that Ships may be furnished with the like Machines at a cheaper Rate.

We therefore, whose Names are underwritten, are of Opinion, That these Machines, even in their present Degree of Exactness, will be of great and excellent Use, as well for determining the Longitude at Sea, as for correcting the Charts of the Coasts; and, as every Step towards further Exactness and Security, in a Matter of such Importance to the Public, is greatly to be valued, we do hereby recommend Mr. Harrison to the Favour of the Commissioners appointed by the said A6i, as a Person highly deserving of such further Encouragement and Assistance as they shall juge proper and sufficient to finish his Third Machine.

M. Polices, Pr. R.S.

Bob1. Smith, D.D. Aftr. Prof. Camb.

Ja. Bradleij, A M. Aftr. Prof. Oxon.

J. Colfon, A.M. Lucas. Math. Camb.

Geo. Graham,

Edm. Halley,

H m Jones,

Macclesfield,

Jam1. Jarifiy C.has. Cavendijhy A. De Moivrty In°. Hadley,

A Copy,

Ju°. Ibbetson, 5 March, 1763.

APPENDIX, N* II.

Sir, Adralty. Office, 14 Oclr. 1761.

I am commanded, by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to fend you the inclosed Copy of the Resolutions of the Commissioners of Longitude, so far as relates to the Watch construCled by you; and to acquaint you, that you may cause your Son to proceed, as is therein mentioned; and that, upon his Arrival at Portsmonthy he mult apply to Commissioner Hughes, who will cause the Three additional Locks and Keys for the Watch same to be provided, and the Locks properly fixed.

I am,

Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Php. Stephens.

Mr. Harrison, — Town.

APPENDIX, N#. III.

That the Watch be sent, in Charge of Mr. Harrison's Son, to Portsmouth; and that he proceeds with it from thence, in the Deptford, to Jamaica:

That, in Addition to the Ix>ck now upon the same of the Watch, and of which Mr. Harrison's Son is to keep the Key, there be Three other Locks, of different Wards, affixed to the same; the Key of One of which should be in the Possession of Governor Lytieltony (who is going in the Deptford, to Jatnaica) the Key of another in the Possession of the Captain of the Deptford j and the Key of the Third to be kept by the First Lieutenant of that Ship:

That Mr. Robertson, Master of the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, should be appointed to find the true Time at that Place, and to see the Watch set to that Time, and fend exact Information of the same to the 'Lords of the Admiralty:

That Observations of equal Altitudes should be taken by the said Mr. Robertson; that the Times of taking them should be marked down, agreeable to the Times shewn by the Watch, then sealed up, and sent to the Lords of the Admiralty; all these Matters to be done by Mr. Robertson, before Commissioner Hughes, the Captain of the Deptford, and Mr. Harrison s Son, and they to attest the sealed Accounts, which Mr. Robertson is to send to the Lords of the Admiralty.

That Mr. John Robifon, a Person recommended by Admiral Knozvles as well skilled in Mathematics, and particularly Astronomy, be sent in the Deptford to Jamaicay who is to find the true Time immediately upon the Ship’s Arrival there, and note the same down, before Governor Lyttelton, the Captain and First Lieutenant of the Deptford, and Mr. HarriJ'on's Son, who are to attest the fame; and also to note down the Time given by the Watch immediately upon the Ship’s Arrival, before the same Persons, and to be attested by them; both which Times, so attested, are to be sealed up, and sent to the Lords of the Admiralty:

And Rear Admiral Holmes is to be directed, when the Observations are made as aforesaid, to order Mr. Harrison and Mr. Robijbn a Passage home in the lirft Ship that fails for England, repeating the Observations for finding the true Time, Sic. in the same Manner, before the Ship comes away.

appendix,

0

12* Martii.

3 Geo. III.

549

Hqtt'i.

with it

1 the same Son is i, different of which

% (W|,l,

f another 'h am| iutenaat

cademy ie true to that to the

taken

taking

limes

o the

done

the

and

im

by

mil

dv

1»,

II-

0

e

APPENDIX, N° IV

HonWe Sir,

I herewith fend the Times shewn by Mr. Harrifori's Watch, when the Sun had equal Altitudes, as observed by myself, in the Presence of Commissioner Hughes, Capt. Digges, and MeflVs. Harrison% the Observations are signed and sealed up as directed, which you will be pleased to communicate to the Right Honblc the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. I am,

Honble Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Royal Academy,* J. Robert/on.

Portsmhy Novr. 3d, 1761.

John Clevin nd, Esq.

The Times shewn by Mr. Harrison's Watch when the Sun had equal Altitudes, as observed at the Royal Academy at Portsmouth,

By J. Robert/on.

1761. Od. 28th

MORNING.

AFTERNOON.

O Preceding Limb. Following Limb. G Preceding Limb. Following Limb.

h. m. s. h. m. s. h. m. s. h. m. s.

8 54 58 8 59 52 doubtful 2 27 491 CO 57*

3 5S 00 Clouds 2 30 59 2 36 04

Clouds Clouds 2 34 06 Cloudy

Od. 29th Cloudy

30th D*

31st D'

Nov. ift 8 31 57 8 36 17 1

8 34 27 8 39 08 i 5 Cloudy

8 37 x7 8 42 03* J

Nov. 2d q 07 18 9 12 43 Clouds 2 19 84

9 10 34. Clouds 2 16 59 2 22 *84

9 *3 / 54 9 19 3<J 2 20 20f 2 25 44*

R. Hughes, Dudley Digges, W.

A Copy.

In° Ibbetson

5th March 1763.

O Alt. about 12®

O Ah. about x i°

1 Q Alt. about 1 > Armosphere 1 j Sun, in the M

5° Thick under the

Morning.

IF. Hurt if on.

APPENDIX, N* V.

HonbIe Sir,

Mr. Ilarrifon having continued here a longer Time than he expected, after the Observations which I transmitted on the 3d Instant, was delirous of other Comparisons of his Watch with the Mean Time at Portsmouth\ therefore I made the Observations herewith inclosed, which are signed anil sealed up as ordered: I have also to add, that, in Consequence of the Result arising from the Observations made Y'eftcrday, (which I esteem as the most perfect Set made since the 27th of October) Mr. Harr if on did this Day set his Watch Three Minute# ilower, in Order that it should directly shew the Mean Time at Portsmouth, he expecting Tomorrow to take his Departure from this Place: These Particulars you will be pleased to communicate-to their Lordships. I am,

Honb,c Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

J. Robcrtfdn.

Royal Academy,

Povtfmo. Novr. 7, 1761.

To the HonbW J. Clevland, Esq,

Vol. 2*).

6Z

The

Discovery

of the Longitude*

12° Mdrtii.

Discovery

o! the Longitutfc

55°

A. 1763.

The Times shewn by Mr. Harrison's \V&tch when the Sun had equal Altitudes, as observed at the Royal Academy at Por tfmouthy by

J. Robertfoiu

November 5U1 1761.

MORNING. AFTERNOON.

Preceding Limb. h. m. s. Following Limb, h. m. s. Preceding Limb. Following Lithb*

9 25 32i 9 3i 34t Clouds Clouds

9 29 u 9 35 20* Clouds Clouds h. Kl. s.

9 32 54 9 39 >4. Clouds a 7 ilk

November 6th 1761.

h. m. s. h. m. 9.

9 25 OO *0- 9 3*- 54

9 *9 3°, 9 35 4i

9 33 9 39 34

JR. Hughes,

A Copy.

Jn9. Ibbetson,

5th March 1763.

h. m. s. h. m. $.

1 53 35i doubtful Clouds

Clouds 2 3 44

2 1 21J 27 24i

Dudley Diggesy Will". Harrison.

APPENDIX, N* VI.

Sir, Jamaica, 21st Fe&ry. 1762.

I have the Honour to acquaint you, That I arrived here on the 20th of last Month, in His Majesty’s Ship the Deptford, and transmit to you a Certificate of the true Time observed at Kingston before the Departure of Mr. Harrison and his Watch for England: As I was not able to assist at the Observations, on Account of many Affairs which immediately after my Arrival required my Presence at Spanish Town> I appointed Captain Wheelocky of His Majesty’s Ship the Pembroke, to a6fc in my stead, which I hope their Lordships will approve of: I have also, in Consequence of your Letter to me of the 14th of October, signed a Certificate, in Conjunction with Captain Digges and Lieutenant Seward, setting forth, That One or more of us were always present, during the Voyage from England, at the Winding of Mr. Harrison’s Watch which Certificate will be transmitted to their Lordships by Captain Digges. I am, #*c.

Philip St evensy Esqr.

W. II. Lyttelton.

MORNING.

Preceding Limb, h. m. s.

2 20 42f

2 22 28

2> 24 l6

Following Limb.

h. m. s.

2 23 38i

£ 25 25e

2' n 14

January 26th.

EVENING.

Preceding Limb. Following Limb,

h. m. s. h. m. s.

— — — 8 27I

7 59 17 8 02 14

— 8 04, 02

January

12° Martii

3 Geo. III.

55*

January 27. MORNING. EVENING. DiTcdvehr of the Longitude.

Preceding Limb, h. m. s. x 48 18 1 49 57 51 86£ Following Limb. Preceding Limb. Following Limb* h. m. s. 1 51 2* 1 52 42 Cloudy I 54 22

A Copy. In° Ibbetson, 5th March 1763. Ar. Forest, John Wheelock, (for Governor Lyttelton) Dudley Digges, John Seward, Will". Harrison.

APPENDIX, N* VII.

Extract of a Letter from Richard Hughes, Esquire, Commissioner of His Majesty’s Navy at Portsmouth, to Mr. Clevland, Secretary of the Admiralty, dated the 3d of April 1762.

Inclosed I fend, for their Lordship’s Information, the Observations of equal Altitudes of the Sun, compared with Mr. Harriforts Watch (on his Return from the West Indies) taken at the Royal Academy Yesterday: I should with great Pleasure have attended those Observations; but, as I have lately been seized with a violent Cold, which has terminated in the Gout, I could not be personally there; for which Reason I directed Mr, Cofzvay, Master Attendant, to be present in my Head, which I hope their Lord ships will approve of.

Observations of equal Altitudes of the Sun, compared with Mr. Harrison's Watch, taken at the Royal Aca* demy in Portsmouth Dock-yard, in the Presence of Mr. Thomas Cofwdy.

1762, April 2.

h.

8

MORNING.

Preceding, m. s.

53 5°f 56 21 i

5* 54i

Following.

8 57 58

9 — 32i

— 3 7

AFTERNOON.

Preceding. Following,

h. in s. h. m. s.

- — ~ 54 34*

2 52 55» " 57 5*

J. Robertson,

71to. Coficay, Master Attendant, for Rd. Hughes* Esquire* W. Harrijbn.

A Copy.

In°. Ibbetson, 5th March 1763.

Vol. 25

APpeKDiX,

Discovery of the Longitude.

552 120 . 17 63.

APPENDIX, N* VIII.

A Calculation, shewing the Result of an Experiment made with Mr. Ilarrifon's Time-keeper, In Consequence of the Instructions and Directions of the Commissioners of the Longitude, in a Voyage from PorlJmouth to Port Royal in Jamaica, in order to determine by that Time-keeper the Difference of Longitude between these Two Places; and to find how much the Longitude found by the rime-keeper differs from the Longitude formerly determined by Astronomical Observations.

The Difference of Longitude between Greenwich and Kingston in Jamaica, determined by the Transit of Mercury over the Sun, the 25th of October 1743, O. S. (the Effect of the Parallaxes = 54" being included) is found to

be, as recorded in the Philosophical Transactions.....5b. 6'. 52' \V

Difference of Longitude between Greenwich and Portsmouth *- - - - . - - o 4'. 1 iMt

Therefore the Difference of Longitude between Portsmouth and Kingston is - - - 5b. 2. 41" W

Port Royal is 10" of Time to the West of Kingston..... o 1 o' W

Therefore the Difference of Longitude between Portsmouth and Port Royal is - 5b. 2'. 5,1 W

The Time-keeper was found, by equal Altitudes, taken on the 28th October 1761, to be 3' 21" 1 after than Mean Time at Portsmouth.

The Time-keeper was found, by equal Altitudes, taken on the 6th of November 1761, to be i 57" faster than Mean Time at Portsmouth.

Therefore, by these Observations, the Time-keeper is found to be going at the Rate of losing 2. "66 in One Day.

On the 7th of November 1761, the Time-keeper was set back 3' of Time, at the Desire, 2nd in the Presence, of Commissioner Hughes and others, pursuant to the Orders of the Commissioners of the Longitude, and certified accordingly, as well as the above Observations of equal Altitudes.

Therefore the Time-keeper is flower than Mean Time at Portsmouth, on the 6th of November, by 3".

On the Arrival of the Time-keeper at Port Royal equal Altitudes were taken, on the 26th of Junuary 1762, and the Time-keeper shewed mean Noon to beat -r ----- - 4b. 59' 7, "5

But 3" are to be added to this Time, for the Reason given above: The Difference of Longitude therefore, between Portsmouth and Port Royal, as shewn by the Timekeeper, is-----.....-~4h. 59' I0> "5

But the Difference of Longitude found by Observation, as above, is - 5I1. 2' 51"

Therefore the Difference between the Time-keeper and the Observation is - - 3'. 40"

Which Difference is to be diminished by 3' 35", 4 being the Number of Seconds loft by the Time-keeper from the 6th of November 1761 to the 26th of January 1762, in 81

Days as mentioned above.....- 3' 35

So that the Time-keeper shewed the Difference of Longitude between Portsmouth and Port Royal less than the Longitude found by Astronomical Observations - 3,

Losing 3", 3 a Day gives 4 7" more. 3", 4 a Day gives 55" more. 4" i a Day gives 2" 3 2" more.

28th 061. to Nov. 5.iPortfn. to Jamaica 3 and back again.

APPENDIX, N* IX.

Dear Sir,

I have just Time to acquaint you in your Son’s Letter, which is he so good as to inclose this, the great Perfection of your Watch in making the Island upon a Meredian; and, according 'to our Log,. we are One Degree 27 Minutes to the Eastward; this I made by a French Map, which lays down the Longitude of Tame-reef; thence 1 think your Watch must be right. Adieu.

Sir,

I am your humble Servi,

D. Digges.

Dec?. the 18th.

APPENDIX, N°X.

Jamaica, January/ 27th 1762. This certifies. That Mr. IIarriJ'onys Watch Box has not been opened, during the Voyage from England to

this Place, except in the Presence of One or more of us. Witness our Hands,

W. II. Lyttelton, Dudley Digges,

John Seioard.

Sir, pray let me know liovv'your Watch went when you got to- England.'

The Packet tails often for this Place.

D.D.

APPENDIX, N° XI.

Afc a Meeting of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, Sc.which was held at the Admiralty Office on

Saturday the 26th of February 1763.

A Memorial from Mr John Harrifan was read Setting forth, That, being fully fati,-Tied of the Sufficiency

of

GoOglV

Discovery of the Longitude.

3 Geo. III. . 120 Martii. 553

of his lall improved Time-keeper, for finding the Longitude at Sea, to much greater' Exactness than the neared Limit required by the Act of the 12th of Queen Anne\ and considerfng his advanced Time of Life (being 70 Years of Age) the Weakness of his Sight, and the infirm Slate of his Health, and being willing that the said Invention should be secured to the Public, he is ready to disclose and make known the Principles npott which his {‘aid Time-keeper is constructed, in such Manner as shall enable other Workmen to execute the fame, upon the present Advance of such a Sum of Money, as to the honourable House of Commons shall seem meet.

Provided, that when he shall have brought legal Evidence of the Sufficiency of such Time-keeper, for finding the Longitude at Sea, within the Limits required by the said Act of the 12th of Queen Anne; that then, and in such Case, the Remainder of the Reward appointed by the said Act, for the Discovery of the said Longitude, shall be paid to him his Executors, or Assigns; and also provided, that after the said Invention shall have been so made public, no other Person shall be allowed to claim the Reward for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, by Means of any Time keeper, until Judgment shall have pafl'ed upon the Merits of his Time-keeper; And therefore begging the Commiflkmers Recommendation to the House of Commons for that Purpose.

The Board took the same into Consideration, and being of Opinion that it is of very great Consequence, that the said Invention should be secured to the Public, unanitaously agreed to recommend it to the said John Harrison to make such Application to Parliament accordingly.

A Copy.

In°. Ibbefjbn,

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the said Report.

The House, according to Order, resolveYl itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the general Laws now in Force, for repairing and widening the I lighways in that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson ‘took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leavelo fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of ilie whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read \

The Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Half-Pay to the Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces already disbanded, and such as are to be disbanded, for 244 Days, from the 25th of April 1763, to the 24th of December following; both inclusive.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

High* ay general Laws; England.

Army;

Mutiny and Desertion.

Estimate; Half-Pay Officers.

AN ESTl MAT E of the Charge of Half-Pay to the Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces already disbanded, and such as are to be disbanded; for 244 Days, from the 25th of April 1763, to the 24th of December following.

For 244 Days Half-Pay of the Officers already disbanded, and to be disbanded, from the 25 th of April 1763, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive

£ *>, d.

88,704 3 4

War-Office,

March 12th, 1763.

W. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morm ing. Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 23.

7 A

554

14° Martii.

A. 1763.

Luna?, 14® die Martii; Anno 3* Georgii tItMI Regis, 1763.

pRAlf BR S.

Lord

Colerane'

Will.

\/f R. Fuller presented to the House* according to *s iVX Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry, late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trirfit for Henrietta Ha fa Peregrina Hare± and her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to Rose Duplqjfis, and also to a certain Sum payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Buffet, and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

new making Barrels.

Law* Mr. Alderman Hkkinfm presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more eflfeSual, ao A ft made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Ilenn/ the Eighth, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels: And the same was received) and read the First 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Hanover

Square

Burial

Ground.

A Bill to enable the Pariflnoners of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Doivdef-mll, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jackfpn, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jan'it Smith, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Wright, Mr. Foster, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Town* Jhend, Lord Midletan, Mr. Heicett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, Sir Anthony A hdy, M r. Methuen, Mr Chester, Mr. Fazukerley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Burrell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bridgman, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bull, General A'Courl, Mv. Plumptre, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Stanley, Lord ThomondfMw Rigby, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Buller, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Rushout, Mr. OJbal-deston, Mr. Nor they. Sir Roger Neivdig ate, Mr. P turner. Lord Verney, Mr Montagu, Mr. Wiibo'aham Bootle, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Eduxn'd Bayotim, Lord Orzodt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stourbridge

Roads.

WclJingore

‘Inclosurt.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and fender more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the last Sdfton of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stmr'bridge to " Colly Gate in Cradiey; and from Pedmore to Holly " Hall; and from Colly Gate to Halefoicen; and from il the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to RednalGreen,

" in the Parish of King's Norton-, and from Carter's Lane,

4£ to the Bell Inn at North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green; and from Carter s Lane to the Bell Inn at North-, field,: And the same was received; and read. the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of We/~ Ungore, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That l9t

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true) and that the Parties concerned had given their Con font to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Forrtjler, whose Property in the said Fields amounts to no more than 17 s. per Annum; and who had wrote a Letter, which was produced to the Committee, signifying his Consent); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a, SecondTime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for taking do\vn the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding the said Church in a more convenient Place, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Best, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mills, Mr. Cnjl, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Mr< Ward, Mr. Alderman IIarley, Sir George Warren, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynaston. Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Shi finer, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Bolton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

ReJhlved, T\\?it the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wiljbn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Holt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. P turner, Mr. Webb, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bolinfon. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Heicett, Mr. LaJ-celles, Mr. Bunbiny, Lord Parker, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Verney, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp ProClor, Mr. Houblon, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Edmonjton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Northampton, Oxford, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Canterbury

Church.

Simpson.

Inclosur

The House proceeded to take iotoConsideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing JelmD'Orvill and Michael

Wiegand.

D'Orviil

and Wirgand^k Nau T

Amendments were read; and are as

And the said

followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. After " Livonia," insert John Vollralit " Kettlcr, Son of Chr by

" Franke Magdalen his Wife, born at Leer, in

" Ecjt Friesland; Cornelius Gerhard Kettlcr,

"®f Christian Riidvlph Kettle, by Franke " Magdalen his Wife, born at Leer in East " Friesland-, and James Son of James

" Shedell, by Urfulahis Wife, bora in the City of Augsburg, in Germany"

1. ao Leave out the First " and, " and, after " Wiegand,"insert " John VollrahtKettler, Cor-

" nelius GerhardKettler, and James ShedeU."

1- 34-

'7«J.

as

*}?the

J’0fn$tr, ' nvore better, '.Vi"ghij ‘'tough -feunto;

' House-

K

envards

a the once

lv one;

*» were

ts, be

Saint Cisoi*

Idine W read

Accounts;

irc(

Sir

uf

Ir.

r.

d

JVIeflage

from the King.

Sepia

locie.n

Ways

and

Means.

3 Geo. III. 140 Martii. 555

I.34. Leave out " and, " and, after" Wkgand* i n fert " John VollraJitKett ler, Comelins&crh a rd " Kettler, and James Shedell."

1. 29. Leave out " and."

1. 4a After " IViegand," insert " John VolU u raht Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Kettler, and " James Shedell."

In the Title of the Bill leave out u and, " and, after Wiegandadd " John Voliraht Kettler, Cor-" nelius Gerhard Kettler, and James Shedell."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commi sho ners of the Custom s, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the quantities of Rice imported into England, for Seven Years last pall; distinguishing each Year, And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Rice exported from England, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries where to exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour, with which His faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves in Defence of His Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into Consideration, and to enable His Majesty to give them a proper Comperifation, for the Expences incurred by the respective Provinces, in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops, raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour, and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces ilia.ll justly appear to merit.

G. R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Alderman Die kin fan, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead be laid upon all Cyder and Perry, made within this Kingdom, over and above all other Duties now payable for Cyder or Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

VOL, 23.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committees That a Duty of Two Pounds per Ton be laid upon all Cydev and Perry imported into this Kingdom;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion bf this Cpmtajttee;. That the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry be charged;, together with the Duties Upon Wines granted hi this Session of Parliament, with the Payment of the Annuities mentioned in a Resolution of this House of the 8th Day of this Instant March.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read Secbnd^Time;

A Motion was made4, and the Question being put* That the said Resolution be recommitted;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth*

Tellers for the C Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, 1

Yeas, 1 Mr. Foley: . J 81

Tellers for the \ Sir Edward Bayntun, 1 0

Noes, I Mr. Martin. 4

So it passed in the Negative*

Then the said Resolution was. Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instru&ien to the Gentlemen (who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the First, Second, and Fifth, of the Resolutions, which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee of the whole House) to whom it was referred to ednfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which, with an Amendment to one of them, were agreed to by the House; That they do prepare the said Bill or Bills, pursuant also to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of the separate Article belonging to the Convention between his late Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel, concluded and signed at London, April 1, 1760, and Translation, (which were presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February 1761) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Protocol, <c March 3d. 1761," and Translation, (which were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of March 1761) be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the several Accounts and Estimate, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by Hte Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of mairu taining and supporting the Civil Establiflupent of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Wav4

and

Means.

Supply*

556

14° — 150 Martii.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Beftrrion.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid and Charges incurred by Supporting and maintaining the Settlement of -His Majesty V Coldny of 'Nova Scotia, from the iftof January 1760, to the 31st of December following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty *s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1762, to the 24th Of June 1763, be referred to rile said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 5th of April 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 10th of October 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne and {he Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickifi/on reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

.Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. T/rojnas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1763.

And the same was

ning the 25th Day of March 1763 received.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Roote> Secretary to the Society of the Free British Fiftiery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Distnirfetnents by the Society of the Free British Fiftiery, from 31st December 1761, to 31st December 1762.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Arcm

Brit

Filin

15

Georgii

die Marl'd \

III,ii Regis, 1763.

York

Building Cunpan)

Right to Trade from Service in the Army, &c.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the 22d Year of his late Majesty King GVorgetheSecond, toexerciseTrades: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Dickiifon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money, granted in this Session of Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part ,0/ Great Britain catted England, for One Year, begin-

Martisy

Anno 3*

Prayers.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Themes Water in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings; the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives; William Lock Esqu i re; liisG race Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners; SivAndrezv Chadwick Knight; and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk; all Real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marijchall,

Panmure, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the ,fai<J Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet and Alexander Garden Esquire; and alleging, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Property and Interest of the said Company, and their Creditors, will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in Favour of the Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for lighting the Streets, and other Places, and Newcastle maintaining a regular and nightly Watch, within the uponTyac. Town and County of the Town of Ncivcaflc upon Tyne; ^itch! and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Parker,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Houblon,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Butler, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bur-teli. Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Bed,

3 Geo. III. 15 M557

Bejl, Mr. Lutt.rdl, Mr. Matobty^ Mr. H'lljbn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke. Mr. bacon, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barrow, Mv.Gray, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Butler, Mr. Shiftier, Mr, Ashburnham, Mr. Town/hendI, Mr. #3/0^, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Milles, Mr. Knightand all the Members who serve far the Counties of 2Vnr-th umber land, York, Durham, Lancaster, Cumberland, and Westmorelandi And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Whitechapel A Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Pari fit of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, c, in the County of Midd/cjex; for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch, within the said Parish; and to enable the Parirtiioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church; was read a Second Time,.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Harlexf, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Paterson, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Admiral Cotes. Mr. Kijnaston, Sir John Gib* bans, Mr. Hezcelt, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Lutirelly Mr. Pennant, Lord Tilney, Mr. Townjkend, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Dowdejioell, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Witbraham Bootle, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Forrcjier, Sr William. Meredith, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Roys ton, Mr. Montaguy Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ashbumham, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Boone, Mr. Chester, Mr. Byde, Mr. jy&mpjster, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Coventry, G eneraJ Stanzoix, M r. Lowndes, L©rd Grey, Mr Wedder-burn, Sir George SavHe, Mr. Gore, Lord Malpas; and adi the Members who serve for the Counties of Middle-Jex, Essex, and Hertford; and for the City of London: And tiiey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clod, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nnmiy A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Reload* pair, several Roads leading to and from Nunny, in the County of So met fit, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte> Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chejla%, Mr. Shifner, Sir Roger Nezvdigale, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Witbraham Bootle, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ptyce, Mr. Dowdeficell, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Lord Tilney, Mr. Harley, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Lord Roijston, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Burgoyne, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bidler, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wil-foiiy Mr. Archer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Nor they. Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Byde, Mr Cujt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ijowtides, Mr. Hcivett, Mr. Ward, Mr. I eng, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gajcoyne, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Gore, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Demp-Jler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

High gate Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom to the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Barnet Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from High* oa gate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet

Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chare*, and also Canewood Lane, leading from Hfghgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from Ijmdon, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn at Hadley aforesaid; was re committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had

\Vol. 29.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Montagu and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Making Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Brtad* Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Scotland’ George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Evenwood for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in Inclosure. the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Evenwood and Chapelry of Saint Helen's, Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators, therein named, to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners, therein mentioned, to let out, divide, and allot, the said Moor or Common, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Draycot for di viding and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Inclosure. Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycot, in the Parish of Wilne, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greetham for dividing and tnelosing the Open and Common lndoiure. Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland, , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to Cambridge whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and to

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cam- Ely

bridge to Ely-, and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone t hrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session Militia of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Eay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain clothmfr called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1769, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

7B A Bill

55S i 5* Mart'ri. 1 7° 3*

Maldcnhtjd A Rill to continue the Term, and enlarge the to Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and 0a from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks', was read a Secdnd Time.

, Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vanr fill art, Mr. Bye, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ilewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Barrow, Mr.'Chester, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Waller, Mr. Milles, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lufedits, Mr. Byde, Mr, Cooke, Mr. Buller, Sir Roger 'Neicdigate, Mr. Foley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ridley, Colonel Hot ham, Mr. Toimjhend, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Jennings, Mr. Dowdcfwell, Mr. Butlerh Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fairfax\ Mr. Webb, Mr.: Upton, Lord Royston, Mr. Edmonsion, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Sir William Baker, Mr. Loxother, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Coventry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Persons A Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Solhaving femd diers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in in the the Marines, since the zid Year of His late Majesty »av exercise George the Second, to exercise Trades, was read Trades, a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Masbrough Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Indoiure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in or near the Village or Hamlet of Majbrough, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York: And the same was received'; hnd read the First

Time.

A Motion was made; and the Questicm being put, that the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j jj’ j 24-

Tellers for the Noes, j ^Fonereau. } Il6i

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported frorri the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1762 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of March 1763, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

tf

\V»!

An

Aftnyi

Mutiny

and

Ddenioo.

Account;

Surpluses.

2-Y

*r

- S ~ ~ 3' 8

U> HE ? |g|.

iF*

=> ££.

£au —

S»

U*>‘

g

i#

«o

O

to

A* ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1762 has been disposed of; distinguished Huder the several Heads; until the 15thDay of March 1763, and the O

Parts remaining unsatisfied j with the Deficiency thereupon.

K

SERVICES.

For the Wagas and Wear and'Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 70,000 Men, including 19,061 Marine*, from the First of January 1762 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1762 -

For completing the Chapel for the Use of the Sick and Wounded Seamen, in Hajler Hospital, near Gqsport, %c.

For completing the Works of the Hospital far Sick and Wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth -

~ Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1762 - - - _ -

Towards the

Towards paying ostand discharging the Debt of the Mavy For the Charge of Transport Service, between ift Uftober 1760 and the 30th September 1761, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time ——

the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces of 9,370 Men, from the 25th December 1761 to the 24th December ~ :k "

I For Ordnance, Sea Service -

For - D° - Land Sendee ——

J For defraying the extraordinary Expence in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament in 1761 -

For defraying the Charge of 67,676 Men for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1762 For defraying the Charge o 1762, both Days inclusive

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the Year 1762 - For defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America, for the Year 1762 For the Pay of the General, and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1762 - For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argyleshire, and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the 25th of December 1761,. to the 24th of December 1762 For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1762 - . ——

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1762 For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1762 - -

For the reduced Officers of Hfc Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1762 - - - - , - -

For Out Petitioner* of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account, for the Year 1762 -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the 24th of November 1761, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying IP of his Majesty’s Land Rrrces and other Services incurred, from the 24th of November 176*1, to the 24th of December fol- lowing, and not provided for ——

For defraying the Charge of 39,773 Men of the Troops of Hanover, IVolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckeburgg, together with that of General and Staff'Officers, aduaHy employed against the common Enemy, in Concert with the King of Prujfid, from the 25 December 1761, to the 24 December 1762 - v ——

For defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse* and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff'Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HtJJe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761, to the 24th of December 1762, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty - -

s. d, 3,458,000 — 272,226 9

1.000 *-----

6.000 —

200,000-----

1,000,000 —

835,025 3 8

181,000 — — 343,754 17 299,161 4 4

1,629,320 18 1

163,7*1 12 6

873,780 18 7

23,284 — 6

72,896 H 2

443,952 10 10

60,706 4 1

2,952 13 4

1,838-----

34,383 -----.

13,749 10 5

i,353>66* 4

958,384 — _ I®

465,638 16 2j 268,360 l_8

Sums granted.

#. d.

Sums paid.

£ - d.

5,772,25* u 9

824,916 2 3

5,688,012-12 6|

24,916 2 3

Rerarnru to be paid.

Cn

Ox

Ox

VO

SSLCS^UBL ' *2

K

J

g-

CQ

r-+

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

0O_

7T

F»r dtrrarinjr the Charge of an additional Corps of 1,576 Horse, and 8,808 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hoinital and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery. the Troops of the Landgrave of Htfe in the Pay of (Jrtai Britisht Tor I)a\ s. from the lftof January 1763, to the 31st December following, both Days indufive, WirftlUt to Treaty Towards assisting His Majesty I l or (Itfr.i) ing the Charge of !, lor 365 Days, from the 35 th c

For betraying the C h m gr of 5 — — o — << . v . . _ . — -

jyfi n uhd Companies of Foot, of 145 Men each, with a Corps of Artillnv, for 365 Days from the 35th of December 17 6j to the 34th

of Decemlnr 1761 - - - - " " " T

Towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread waggons, Train of Artillery, and or Provisions, Wood, btraw, Arc. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of His Majesty \ Combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand.

*47.07* 50,000

68,008

*5.5t>4

1,000,000

> enable Tlis Majesty to give a proper Compc nfation to the respective Provinces in North America for their Expences in Levying, Clothing ami pay of the Troops raped l>v them -

wards the Improving, Widening, and Enlarging the Pafluge over and through London Bridge....

.mpany, towards enabling them to defray the Expences of a Military Force in their Settlements -supporting the Civil Kstablishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Stotiu, for the Year 1763 - -

Charges of the Civil Kllablishment of the Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame.

Towards the Improvi To the lutjl India C01 For maintaining and I For defraying the Charge!

from 34th of June 1761, to the 34th of June 1763 -

For maintaining and supporting the Fort at Annuvmboo, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of jjflrlca Towards enabling the Covcrnoix and (Guardians of the llospital for exposed and defected youngChildren, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said llospital on or before the t^th of March 1760, from the 31H Day of December 1761, exclusive,

to the;}ill Day of December 1763, inclusive . ....

Towards enabling the Trulle-s of the liritish MvJ'cum to carry on the Execution of the Trull renofed in them by Parliament Towards octf pacing the Squares, Streets, Lams, and Alleys, of the City uud Liberty of W^fiminj/er, the Pan flies of St. Mary-fabone, St. Giles in the F elds, -

Towards do fray ing the Charge of the Pnv of the Militia, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the Militia now unem-

bodied, for One Year, from 35th March 17(13 Towards enabling the Commislmm rs, appointed l»y an Ad 33* Georgii 3di, for repairing the Roads from Dean barn Bridge, A*c. to Comhi/l, in the County of Dm/uim, and for building u Bridge over the Tweed, near Col({J/rcam, to build the said Bridge, and to defray such otbei Expences as may be found necelThry in relation thereto

To enable llis Mujeiiy so defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 176a, ami so dflm tho Kingdom 1 Portugal, ami t<» take all Ibch Measures as may be necessary to disappoint and defeat any Enterprises or Dfligns r>l His hnenres ggainO His Majesty or llis Allies, ami as the Exigency of Affairs may require - . -

J <* malvt good to His IM ijeiiy's Civil Lilt the like Smn paid thereout to Jeremiah Dy/bn Eiqu ire, towards the Expsncs of printing Journals,

Sv. pur (mint to an Address....

so enable l li* Maj» llv to pay M and dischgMT 'he pnm ioal Sum of/*, 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out towards discharging the lient of me navy, ami towards Naval Services for tho Year 176J, and charged on the Aids to be grunted for the Service of the Year,

T<

me ne To in a K

17th, by an \»'i of the last Session oi Parliament, together with Interest for the said Bills, uud the nocelTiiry Charges attending the MU III and p \ ing Off the lame. ....

f *-< M t. iiy w dill harge the Prim ignl Sun. of One Million, raised in Purfnance of an Act made in the lad Hellion of Partial cut, ami charged upon the hrll Aid* or Supplies to he grunted lor the Service of the Year 17.il, together with Intcrell, and the rellary ( haigtvs attending the 1.bung ami paying off the same # mykogood the Deflciejicy of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1761 - - . - .

r« replace to the Sinking l uo.l the like Sum |>»id tboreout, to uu.kc good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuitiea granted Anno 1758, mi the 5th of July 17M -..... i _ r Jm 0

To rtplaee to Is the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities* granted Act 3.3 '*corgu 3*', on the 5th ot July 176 1. ..... 0 1

,0 ake^good^the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment o*f Atmuitie's grantedAfi

7»<57.«os tg aj 7»®$7»*°5 *3 «l

>33433 > *433433 8

15,000 — HfiOO — —

«0,000 — — 00,000 — —

5*684 I 10 5,664 1 10

4»°57 *0 — 4,057 10 —

13,000 — — 13.000 — —

41,751 10 — 41,750 10 —

a,000 — — 0,000 — —

5,000 — — 5,000 — —

*0,000 — —

4«oooo — — 4,000 — —

1,000,000 — — 1,000,000 — —

*#500 1,500 t —

L54°>3*7 5 $i *.540.3*7 5 si

1,001,639 7 — J 1,000,639 7 — 4

11 *.613 5 5 i *.6*3^ 5 5i

5*»393 16 9i 5*>393 *6 9i

10,540 — — 10.54° —

103,906 — — 103,906 — —

tn

S'

cn

30,000 — —

H

u

Uo

6-

C*

g

eg'

r-+'

n'

CD

a

a

a

0

A0

OQ

FT

O

r

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted Armo 1760, at Lady Day 1761

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted Anno 1760, at Michaelmas 1762 - - - - 7

ForDifcount, after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, allowed* for prompt Payment to the Contributors of 12 Millions for the

Service of the Year 1762 ....

To the Bank of England, in Reward for receiving, paying, and accounting, for the said Twelve Millions -

4^539

18,625,046 11 9i

10 88,746 — 10

ni >37.981 6 ni

7 46.539 2 7

— 9.669 10 —

92 18,520,807 10 7i

M

o

2.000. 000 -

750.000 -

12.000. 000 -

1,500,000 -

115.000

20,000 -

80,000

70,000

73.67s

Ways and Means towards the said Services;

— By +jh. per Lib. on Land.

d.

— By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1762.

1,000,217 2 H'

1,000,000 — ' — (

18,617,895 2 H.

7>*5» 9

18,625,046 11 9i

— - By Annuities transferable at the Bank of England.

— By Exchequer Bills for the Navy Debt and Naval Services

charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

— Out of the Arrears of his late Majesty’s Civil List Revenues,

pursuant to an Act 2® Georgii 2*.

— Remaining uniflued of /. 100,000, granted in the Year

1758 for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Amo 1758, and for defraying Expences, upon Account of the Militia Anno 1757.

— Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1760,

and remaining uniflued.

— Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1761,

and remaining uniflued.

— Surplus on the 5th of January 1762, of the Duties on Malt, granted per Act 33° Georgii 2di for Payment of Annuities 1760.

The Charge upon the Produce of the Sinking Fund, as Part of Ways and Means for the Year 1762 ——

Whereof hath been applied out of the Produce of the said Fund to the 5th of January 1763, for the Public Service ——

Remains to be taken out of the Produce of the Sinking Fund on the 5th of April 1763

1,009,217 2 912,129 10

d.

n

7i

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1762

Memorandum

104,239 1 2j

Presented the ,5th Day of M 1763, by

W. Speer.

<4*

o

W

o

97,087 12 if

7*151 9 if

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

£ s. d.

For the late Marine Regiments ----- - 16,506 5 2J

African Company’s Creditors - -- - 900 12 10

Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15*496 19*. i|d.....- - - - 570 17 yl

Mi(ford Haven, granted Anno 1758 ----- 10,000 — ___

Milford Haven, Residue of£. 10,000 granted Anno 1759 *#164 2 4

£ 30*141 17 iif

c-n

si

Os

5<Si

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the IIou!e>

Renting Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for

Frauds more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties;

1«|lMa2uS upon" Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of Frefli Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr. Oswald, Sir John Turner, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Settlements Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to

Land Tax ®r(^cr» a to obviate the Difficulties that arise by

Assessments. Persons gaining Settlements in Pari (lies and Places, in respeCfc of their being assessed to the Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lawton A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ai,<* Inhabitants, retiding in or near Handley Greeni Shelton, Road? and Places adjacent, in the County of Staffordl, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the' House, and read; Alleging, that the Petitioners observeby the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Laivton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads; and setting forth, that the Road from Burslem to the present Turnpike Road leading from Nezccastle aforesaid to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, and which communicates therewith at a Place called ClffBank, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent., in o the County of Stafford aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and in several Plates very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Methods appointed by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road from Burslem to Cliff Bank aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. B idler, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Byde, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Shffner, Lord Gray, Mr, Toicnjhcnd, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitzoorth, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Lancaster, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Accounts *, Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac-

Militia count of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Pay and Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the lad Bullion of Par-Cothing. Jiamentj upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Cloth-' ing of the Part of the said Militia then unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th March 1762.

Account 5 Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Dune* on House an Account of the Monies that remained in the Beer, &c. Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1763, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act 1 Georgii 3, for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, to that Time.

Account 5 Ordered, That there be laid before the House an Ac-Malt count of the Amount of the Duties on Malt arising DfccCS' within the Counties of Worcester, Hertford, Gloucester, ll

A. 1763.

Monmouth, Devon, Somevfet, and Cornwall, from 5th Day of July 1754,10 the 5th Day of July 1761; distinguishing each -County, and each Year.

The House, according to Order, resolveditself into a Difcc Committee of the whole House, toconlider of the Re- oft port which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Ilarrism, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Harris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Harris reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intoa Highwtj Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re- general port winch was made from the Committee who were^sp1' t-3*9* pointed to coiiiider the general Laws now in Force for n* 0 repairing and widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Court- Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty. to enable His Majesty to complete the Payment of Two hundred and Twenty thou-saud Pounds, as a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgraveof Hejfe Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum. not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the HalfSubfidiesofTonage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1762, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pcn-fions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 31 ft George the Second, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England in respect of-Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, "1 hat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

150 Martii.

Marti.

'"selfinto,

T of the Re.

10m

"clitbev ill pleat

morrow

?reap. b cefor «of Opi-

ID-

i-S

fe

r

3 Geo. III. 15°- — 1

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty six thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1762, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer arid pay the several Annuities of ^.3 per Centum, andjf. 1 is. 6rf. per Centum on £. 11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted to I lis Majesty by an Act iHGeorge the Third, for the Service of the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand and Fifty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towardsenabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintainance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1763, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia,. in the Year 1760, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Seventy-four Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1762 to the 24th of June 1763.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near Handley Green, Shelton, rind Places adjacent in the County of Stafford, whose names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, to continue, and render more effec- Highgate tual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road to from Ilighgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enr JieldChace; and also CarieivoodLane, leading from High-gate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn, in Hadley aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Tli^t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An A6fc to continue, and reudermore, effectual several A6is of Parliament for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to net Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to Ilampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Block house, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for inclosing and dividing the Com- Wellingore mon Fields and Pasture Ground in the Manor and Pa- Inclosure. rish of Wellingore, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 5. To leave out from "may" to <che " now " in I. 39.

1. ult. After " Money " to insert u not ex-" ceeding £. 3 per Acre."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was ameuded at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Pasture Ground in the Manor and Parish of Wellingore in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry thq Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tawtoa

to

Burden*

Road.

Mercuriiy 16* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of Tunstall, Bur-Jlem, Cowbridge, Handley Green, and Shelton, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several of the Petitioners and others have petitioned this House for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull in Lawton, in the County of Cliefter, to Cliff Bank, in the County of Stafford; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe by the Votes that a Petition has been presented, praying, that, instead thereof, the several Roads leading from the Red Bull aforesaid, to the Towns of Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, might be repaired; and that Leave has been given for bringing in a Bill for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are satisfied the same will be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore, praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Vol. 29.

A Petition of John Goodman and Nicholas Lueqs Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, Lammas Grounds, and Pastures, in the Parish of Simpson in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Lammas Grounds, and Pastures, in the Parish of Simpson aforesaid; and alleging, that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Four Fifth Parts, and upwards, of the said Fields, Grounds 5 and Pastures, so intended to be inclosed, and of several Rights and Privileges incident thereto; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be greatly detrimental to the respe&i ve Rights and Propert ies of the Petitioners, in such new intended Inclosure, and tend to the Ruin of many of them: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered,

Simpson

Indoluro.

Lord

Colerane*!

Will.

Law* canceling n^w making Barrels.

Hanover

Square

Burial

Ground.

Stourbridge

Roads.

We.Tmgore

'Inclosurt.

554 I4°

Luna, 140 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1763. PraVbrs.

MR. Fuller pteiented to the fjoufe* Recording to Order, a Rid to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry, late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta Ho fa Peregrina Hare^ and her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to Rose Duplqfis, and also to a certain Sum payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Basset, and to the Limitations and Pnovifioas therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Martii. A. 1763.

the Committeehad examined fbe Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except Forrtjkr,

whose Property in the said Fields amounts to no more than 17 s. per Annum \ and who had wrote a Letter, which was produced to the Committee, signifying his Consent); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a, Second Time, one by ones and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Dick it f on presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Hennj the Eighth, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

t

A Bill to enable the.Pariiluoners of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square,\n the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parifji, was read a Second Time.

Rqjhlxed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdes mil, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Wright, Mr. Falter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Tozvn~ Jhend, Lord Midleton, Mr. Hemett, Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr Methuen, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fazukerley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Burrell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bridgman, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bidl, General A'Court, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Whichcof, Mr. Stanley, Lord Thomond, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Sutler, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Rushout, Mr. OJball deston, Mr. Nor they. Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. P turner. Lord Verticy, HtMoptagu, Mr. Wilbo'aham Bootle, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Edward Bayutim, Lord 6bnwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Mid dlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and fender more effectual, so much of an Act passed ia»the last Session of Parliament* intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road: from the Market House in Stourbridge to " Colly Gate in Cradiey; and from Pedmore to Holly il Hall; and from Colly Gate to Halejbweu; and from " the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to RednalGreen, " in the parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane, Ai to the Bell Inn at Nortlifield, in the Counties of Wor~ " cefier, Stafford, and Salop as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green; and from Carter s Lane to the Bell Inn at North-Mid,: A^d the feme was received; and read the Firi> Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wel-lingore, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That

*9

A Bill for taking do\vn the Parish Church of Saint AndrexO, in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding u the said Church in a more convenient Place, was'-read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bcfi,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Mills, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Townshend, Mr, Ward, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir George Warren, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Chester, Mr. Kynaston. Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Morgan, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Sh iff her,

Sir Jai'rit Smith, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Bolton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

WilbrahamBootle, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent,

Sussex, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Simpson a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common Meadows, Inclosur^ Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilfbn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waljh, Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Piyce, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Holt, Sir Jai'rit Smith,

Mr. P turner, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sh iff tier, Mr. Vane,

Mr. Robinson, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Lqf celles, Mr. Bunbury, Lord Parker, Mr. Mazvbey, Lord Verness, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Proffor,

Mr. Houblon, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Anthony Abdy, 'M.v.EdmonJton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Northampton,

Oxford, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the D*OrvH* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, and An Act for Naturalizing John D'Orvill and Michael Wif£an

Wiegand.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L After " Livoniainfert " John Vollraht " Kettler, Son of Christian RudolphKettier, by <c Fravke Magdalen his Wife, born at Leer, in " EafiFriezland; Cornelius Gerhard Kettler,

" Son of Christian Rydolph Kettle, by Franke Magdalen his Wife, born at Leer in Eafi u Friezland; and James Shcdell, Son of James " Shedell, by Uifula his Wife, born in the City of Augsburg, in Germany.'9 1. 20.^ Leave out the First " and, " and, after " Wiegand," insert " John Vollraht Kettler, Cor-" nelius Gerhard Kettler, and James Shedell

1* 34*

3 Geo. III. 140 Martii. 555

1. 34.Leaveout"and,"and after"Wiegand* mfert" JohtiVollraht Ket tier , CornelinsGerhard I u Kettler, and James Skedell"

J 1. 29. Leave out " and."

1. 4a After " Wiegandinfert " John VolU " raht Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Kettler, and " James Shedell"

In the Title of the Bill leave out " and, " and, aftef Wiegand," add " John VoUraht Kettler, Cor-ct nelius Gerhard Kettler, and James She dell."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mawheij do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commi (honors of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Accounts 5 An Account of the quantities of Rice imported in-Rice* to England, for Seven Years last past; distinguitiling each Year, And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Rice exported from England, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries where to exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

I The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session*

Mefage Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the kgTiJ*16 House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) 5 and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour, with which His faithful Subjects in North America have exerted themselves in Defence of His Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into Consideration, and to enable His Majesty to give them a proper Com pen fat ion, for the Expences incurred by the respective Provinces, in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops, raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour, and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall justly appear to merit.

G. R.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That His Majesty’s most gracious Meftage be referred to the Considera-| tion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom

it is referred to conLider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

'Ways Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-

and ported from the Committee of the whole House, to

cans. whom it was referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee haddirecled him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead be laid upon all Cyder and Perry, made within this Kingdom, over and above all other Duties now payable for Cyder or Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Vol. 23.

Refohxd, That is the Opinion of this Cotnmitteeo; That a Duty of Two Pounds per Ton be laid upon all Cyder and Perry imported into this Kingdom;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion bf this CpnitojUee;. That the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry be charged;, together with the Duties Upon Wines granted in this Session of Parliament, with the Payment of the Annuities mentioned in a Resolution of this House of the 8th Day of this instant March.

The JFirft Resolution of the Committee being read k. SecbncfTime;

A Motion was made and the Question being put* That the said Resolution be recommitted;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth*

Tellers for the \ Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, 7 -Y'eas, Mr. Foley: j

Tellers for the f Sir Edtvard Bayntun^ 1 Q

Noes, (Mr. Martin. J!3 4

So it passed in the Negative*

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instru6bon to the Gentlemen (who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the First, Second, and Fifth, of the Resolutions, which upon Tuesday last were reported from the Committee of the whole House) to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which, with an Amendment to one of them, were agreed to by the House; That they do prepare the said Bill or Bills, pursuant also to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of the separate Article belonging to the Convention between his late Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajel, concluded and signed at London, April j, 1760, and Translation, (which were presented to the House upon the 24th Day of February 1761) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, u Protocol, M March 3d. 1761," and Translation, (which were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of March 1761) be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the several Accounts and Estimate, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by Hte Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of main^ taining and supporting the Civil Establiflnpent of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Way*

and

Means.

Supply*

i4° — 15° Martii. 1763*

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid and Charges -incurred by Supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His MajestyV Colony of Nova Scotia, from the iftof January 1760, to the 31st of December following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish* ment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1762, to the 24th Of June 1763, be referred to rile said Committee. - . -Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the 5th of April 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, dated the iothof October 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the A6fcs of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen A?ine and {he Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fird, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which . they had directed him to report, when dhe House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Army; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mu liny whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and

*nd. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army

Deftrnon- and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tfromas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Right Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-from Service cor(^llS to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Main the riners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Army, ice. Service, or in the Marines, since the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exerciseT rades: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Rifolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Mr. Alderman Dick i/fun presented to the House, ac-Pay and cording to Order, a Bill for applying the Money, granted Clothing. jD this Session of Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One YeaV, begin-

ning the 25th Day of March 1763 And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Roote> Secretary to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Difbtirfements by the Acctnrts; Society of the Free British Fishery, from 3 ift December 1761, to 31st December 1762* Fnltry.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\V Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 15* die M

Anno 3* Georgii III.a Regis., 1763.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Un- York dertakers for raising the Themes Water in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; ComPan> Taking Notice of the Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings-> the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives; William Lock Esqui re; his'G race Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners; Sir Andrew Chadwick Knight; and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk; all Real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorisi ng and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marifchall,

Panmure, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the fai<J Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet and Alexander Garden Esquire; and alleging, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Property and Interest of the said Company, and their Creditors, will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Couiifel, upon their said Petition, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in Favour of the Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thuifday Morning next.

A Bill for lighting the Streets, and other Places, and Newcastle maintaining a regular and nightly Watch, within the Tyne Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Parker,

Mr. Whichcoty Mr. Sandys9 Mr. Waller, Mr. Houblon,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Butter y Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bur-Telly Lord BurgHerJhy Mr. Pennant, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Befiy

3 Geo. III. 15* Martiu 557

heft, Mr. Lrcttrett, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. H'llfon, \Ir. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. LaJcedes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gray, Mr Ridley, Mr. Butler, Mr. Skiff tier, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Zft/dV, Mr. IIewe/1, Mr. Milles, Mr. Knight; and all the Members who serve far the Counties of Northumberland, York, Durham, Lancaftev, Cumberland, and Westmorclandi And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Whitechapel A Bill for maintaining, regulating, and emplojdng, Sl^t5> the Poor within the Pari 111 of Saint Mary, Whitecnapel, c, in the County of M iddJcfex; for clean ling and lighting

the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch, within the said Parish; and to enable the Parilliioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Hartexf, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust, Mr. Patcrfon, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Gib-hons., Mr. Hezcett, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. LutlrelU Mr Pennant, Lord Tilney, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Patiner, Mr. Forrcfter, Sir Witltam Meredith, Mr. Maxe bey. Lord Royston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowther, Mr, Ashburnham, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Boone, Mr. ChesterrM.r. Byde, Mr. Dtmpjster, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Coven In/, G encraJ Stanzoix, M r. Lowndes, Lord Grey, Mr Wedder-bum, Sir George Savile, Mr. Gore, Lord Malpas\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middtc-Jex, Eft ex. and Hertford; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nunny A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Reload* pair, several Roads leading to and from Nunny, in the County of So met Jet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chestei', Mr. Shiffher, Sir Roger N^ewdigale, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Piyce, Mr. Dozvdejlcell, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Lord Tilney, Mr. IIarlet/, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Lord Royston, Mr. Hair is. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Burgoyne, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Buller, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wil-Jbn, Mr. Archer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Nor they. Sir Walter Blackett, Mr; Byde, Mr Cust, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. IIexcelt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ijong, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Gore, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Demp-Jler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoou, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Highgate Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom to the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Bamet Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from High oa gate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford', and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Cane wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from Ijmdon, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn at Hadley aforesaid; was re committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had \Vol. 29.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion Severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the Honfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Making Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Bread;

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ScoliMd' George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Hour, or Brew); so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering thethe said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Even wood for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in Inclosure. the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for flividing and inctofing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of E+enwood and Chapelry of Saint Helen's, Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators, therein named, to make their Awards, and for certain Commissioners, therein mentioned, to set out, divide, and allot, the said Moor or Common, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Draycot for dividing and inctofing the Common Fields, Common inclosure, Meadow s, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor of Draycot, in the Parish of Wilne, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greetham for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Indoime. Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland, , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to Cambridge whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and to

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cam- Ely

bridge lo Ely\ and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place cal J cd Stret/iam Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session Militia of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and 1"d

Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain ot *n£* called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1769, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

7 B A Bill

558

15* Martii.

A. 1763*

to

Henley

Koud.

Maidenhood A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Pom ers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Hoads from Maidenhead Bridge to Heading', and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-fill art, Mr. Pye, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ilewett, Sir George Sank, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Chester, Mr. BeJU Mr. Waller, Mr. Milles, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Iai/cvIUs, Mr. Byde, Mr* Cooke, Mr. Butler, Sir Roger Xavdigalc, Mr. Foley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ridley, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Afordaunt, Mr Jennings, Mr.

J)ozciltJ'uyell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitworth, M Sir ft alter Blackett,. Mr. Mr. Loumdes, Mr.

Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Webb, Mr.;

Upton, Lord Royston, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Sir William Baker, Mr. Lord Robert

Bertie, Mr. Coventry, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Personi A Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Sol-having (erred diers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in in che the Marines, since the 22d Y«ar of His late Majesty »av exercise King George the Second, to exercise Trades, was read Trades.* Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Masbroueh Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in or near the Village or Hamlet of yiajbrough.,in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York: And the famfc was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, that the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Nocs, J So it passed in the Negative.

reait.

1

24.

n6;

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertioiij and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1762 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of March 1763, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

Afmyj

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Account;

Surpluses.

A*

oo

Ajf ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1762 has beendisposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the 15 th Day of March 1763, and the

*3 Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

o

O

1*

<0

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 70,000 Men, including 19,061 Marines, from the

F i ri't o f Janu at'y 1762....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 176a -

For completing the Chapel for the Lie of the Sick and Wounded Seamen, in Hafler Hospital, near Gqsport, fyc. - For completing the Works of the Hospital fer Sick and Wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’a Ships, for the Year 1762 - -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy - - - . -

For the Charge of Transport Service, between lft October 1760 and the 30th September 1761, including the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces within the said Time -

D

(a

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

og

FT

c

£. s. d.

3,458,000-----

272,226 9 1

1.000 *-----

6.000 — — 200,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For - D° - Land Service ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expence in the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament in 1761 -

/^;or defraying the Charge of 67,676 Men for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1762 ——

For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces of 9,370 Men, from the 25th December 1761 to the 24th December 1762, both Days intlufive -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, and the East Indies, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the Year 1762 - For defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America, for the Year 1762 For the Pay of the General, and General StalF Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals for His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1762 -

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of the Fencible Men of Argylejliire, and of Lord Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders in North Britain, from the 25th of December 1761* to the 24th of December 1762 For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1762 ——

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Ilorfe Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1762 -

ForPensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1762 For the reduced Officers offfo Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1762 - -

For Out Pensioner* of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account, for the Year 176*2 - -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, to the24th of November 1761, and not provided for by Parliament - -

For defray ing D° of his Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services incurred, from the 24th of November 176*1, to the 24th of December following, and not provided for ——

For detraying the Charge of 39,773 Men of the Troops of Hanover, Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and Count of Buckcburgg, together with that of General and Staff Officers, aduaHy employed against the common Enemy, inConcert with the King of PruJ/iu, from the 25 December 1761, to the 24 December 1762 - v ——

For defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse,. and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the OfficVrs of the* Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJ'e CaJJ'cl, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761, to the 24th of December 1762, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same Time, pursuant to Treaty - - - . - . - -

1 835.025 3 8

1 182,000

I 343>754 17 11

I 299,161 4 4

I 1,629,3^0 18 1

1 163.7*1 12 6'

I 873,780 18 7

1 23,184 — 6

I . 72,896 H 2

1 443.952 10 10

1 60,706 4 1

*.952 13 4

1 1.838 —

34.383 — —

[ *3.749 10 5

1 1.353.66a 4 1

I 958,384 — 10

1; 465.638 16 af

268,36© 8 _8

Sums granted.

Sums paid.

£- * 4-

5.772,25* »* 9

>04,916 % 3

£' *. 4.

fUmatai t* be pail.

£ * 4+.

5,681,01*. 11 6}

24,916 3

4*39' 1 »f

Cn

r

Cn

Ul

Vo

<n

0\

O

O

o

Far defraying the Charge ef an additional Corps of 1,576 Horse, and 8,808 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of^ the Hospita), and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of HtfcCaJH/tu the Pay of Great Britain, for 365 Days, from the lft of January 1762, to the 31st December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty

Towards abiding His Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hejje Cajjel, pursuant to Treaty - -

For defray ing the Charge of* 1,444 Cavalry, and 2,330 Infantry, the T roops of the Feigning Duke of Bnnyieick, in the Pay of Great Britain for 365 Days, from the 25th of December 1761 to the 24th of December 1762, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty For defraying the Charge of 5 Battalions, serving with His Majesty’s Army in Germany, each Battalion confiding of One Troop of ioi Men, and Companies of Foot, of 135 Men each, with a Corps of Artillery, for 365 Days from the 25th of December 1761 to the 24th of December 1762

Towards defraying the Charges of Forage, Bread, Bread Waggons, Train of Artillery, and of Provisioits, Wood, Straw, flrc. and other extraordinary Expences and Contingencies of His Majesty’s Combined Army, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand -

To enable TIis Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America for their Expences in Levying, Cloth* ing and Pay of the Troops rai fed by them

Towards the Improving, Widening, and Enlarging the Passage over and through London Bridge....

To the East India Company, towards enabling them to defray the Expences of a Military Force in their Settlements -

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1762 - -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of the Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame; from 24th of June 1761, to the 24 th of June 1762 -

For maintaining and supporting the Fort at Annaviuboo, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa

Tow ards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the ^>th of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1761, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1762, inclusive ——

Towards enabling the Trustees of the liritish Mxtfeum to carry on the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament Towards new paving the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Panfliesof St. Mary-le-bone, St. Giles in the Fields, $c.

Towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the Militia now unem-bodied, for One Year, from 25th March 1762 ——

Towards enabling the Commissioners, appointed by an Art 33* Georgii 2di, for repairing the Roads from Dcanbtnm Bridge, &c. to Comhill, in the County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream, to build the said Bridge, and to defray such other Expciices as may be found necessary in relation thereto ——

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1762, and to afliit the Kingdom of Portugal, and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint and defeat any Enterprizes or Deligus of llis Enemies against His Majesty or His Allies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require -

To make good to His Majesty’s Civil Lilt the like Sum paid thereout to Stremiuh Dyjbn Esquire, towards the Expence of printing Journals;

»Sv. pursuant to an Address....

To enable I Its Majesty to pay off and discharge the principal Sum of/*, i ,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out towards discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1761, and charged on the Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1762, by an Act of the hit Session of Parliament, together with Interest for the said Bills, and the necessary Charges attending the i fTuing and paying off the fame. ——

To enable His Majesty to discharge the Principal Sum of One Million, raised in Pursuance of an Art made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Y’ear 1702, together with Interest, and the necessary Charges attending the railing and paying off the same - - - - . - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the S< rvice of the Year 1761 - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Amio 1758, on the 5th of July 1761 - - - - - ’ - - ’ -

To replace to I#* the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted per Art 33° (rcorgii 2di, on the 5th of July 1761-To replace to D° the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted per Art i* Georgii 3'5*, on the said 5th of July 1761 - - - - . ....

147.071 5

50,000 — —

68,00s 9

*5.5 °4 6 8

1,000,000 — —

7,657.*°* »*

1J3.SS3 9

15.000 — —

10.000 —

5 .<*♦ 1 10

4.057 10 "*

13.000 -

41,75* 10 —

4.000 — —

5.000 -

40,000 — —

4.000 -

1.000,000 — —

1400-----

‘.540,317 5 sl

1,002,639 7 112.613 5 6i

52,393 9l

10,540 — —

103,906 — —

7,657,205 »5

1,335433 6 t$fioo —

20.000 —

5,6*+ 1 10

4»°57

13.000 — —

41,752

4.000 —

5.000 —

4,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

1,500 —

‘,540,317 5

1,004,639 7 —

112,613 5 5;

52,393 I® 9i 10,540 — — 103,906 — —

40,000 — —

150 Martii. A.yfii,

O

r*

N>

VO

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted Amo 1760, at Lady Day 1762

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted Anno 1760, at Michaelmas 1762 - - - ’ e 7 ‘

For I)i(count, after the Rate of £.3 per Cod, per Annum, allowed for prompt Payment to the Contributors of 12 Millions for the

Service of the Year 1762 - -....

To the Bank of England, in Reward for receiving, paying, and accounting, for the said Twelve Millions -

8,746 10 88,746 — 10

137,981 6 ni 137,981 6 ii*

46,539 2 7 46,539 2 7

9,669 IO — 9,669 10

18,625,046 11 9 18,520,807 10 7*

104,239 1

a

w

o

O

£. s. 2,000,000 —

750.000 -12,000,000 —

1,500,000 —

115.000 -20,000 -

80.000

70.000 73.678

1,009,217

1,000,000

d.

Ways and Means towards the said Services,-

By 4jh. per Lib. on Land.

— By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1762.

— By Annuities transferable at the Bank of England.

— By Exchequer Bills for the Navy Debt and Naval Services

charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

— Out of the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues,

pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii 2^.

— Remaining uniflued of /. 100,000, granted in the Year

1758 for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Amo 1758, and for defraying Expences, upon Account of the Militia Anno 1757.

— Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1760,

and remaining uniflued.

— Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1761,

and remaining uniflued,

— Surplus on the 5th of January 1762, of the Duties on Malt,

granted per Act 33° Georgii 3d4 for Payment of Annuities 1760.

f Out of the Sinking Fund.

— Charged on next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

18,617,895 2 Si

7*15* 9 i{ Deficiency of Grants.

The Charge upon the Produce of the Sinking Fund, as Part of Ways and Means for the Year 1762 ..... -

Whereof hath been applied out of the produce of the said Fund to the 5th of January 1763, for the Public Service -

Remains to be taken out of the Produce of the Sinking Fund on the 5th of April 1763

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1762

£. I. d.

1,009,217 2 8|

912,129 IO

-v 97»°%7 7»i5i 9

liUMTiimaw

1 i

Memorandum: The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money

For the late Marine Regiments - -

African Company's Creditors -

Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496 195, ljd.

Mi(ford Haven, granted Anno 1758 ——

Mifford Haven, Residue of£. 10,000 granted Anno 1759 *

is provided, are as follow; viz.

£. s. d.

16,506 5 2$

- - 9OO 12 IO

570 17 7i

- 10,000 — —

- - - *.164 2 4

£. 30,141 i7 n|

18,625,046 11 gi

Prefen ted the 15th Day of March 1763, by

W. Speer.

1

3.

o

Cr»

0\

1

1

56*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fr*»enting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for in^makln* more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties. tnJ^ upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of Frefli Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr. Ofwatd, Sir John TurnerMr. Martin, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Settlements Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Land Tax ^r^cr» a to obviate the Difficulties that aril'e by Assessments. Rerf008 gaining Settlements in Parishes and Places, in respect of their being assessed to the Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Befoli'ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Monmouth, Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall, from 5th Day of July 1754, to the 5th Day of 1761; distinguishing each County, and each Year.

The House, according to Order, resolveditself into a Discoror Committee of the whole House, toconlider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the longitude. Petition of John Ilarrism, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Harris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Harris reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

15" Martii

Lawton

and

Burslem

Road.

o

Accounts; Militia Pay and Cothing.

Account; Duties on Beer, &c.

Account; Malt Ditties, iec.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near Handley Green, Shelton, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the’ House, and read; Alleging, that the Petitioners observeby the Votes, That. Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester, to

and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of and

other Roads; and felting forth, that the Road from Burslem to the present Turnpike Road leading from Newcastle aforesaid to Uttoxeler, in the County of Stafford, and which communicates therewith at a Place called Cliff Bank, in the Parish of upon Trent, in the County of Stafford aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and in several Plates very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Methods appointed by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road from Burslem to Cliff Bank aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sandys. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Buller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Byde, Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Lord

Gray, Mr. Townjhtnd, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Dmodefivell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Lancaster, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Mil itia then unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th 1762.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1763, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act 1 Georgii 3, for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, to that Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before the House an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt arising within the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, Gloucester,

‘7

The House, according to Order, resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Re-}>ort winch was made from the Committee who wereap-pointed to consider the general Laws now in Force for repairing and widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain caller! England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty. to enable His Majesty to complete the Payment of Two hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, as a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hesse Coffel, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the IlalfSubfidiesofTonage an'd Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts made in the Sixth Y'ear of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sinn paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of 1762, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 31 ft George the Second, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England in respect of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Highwiy

general

Law*;

England

Supply-

Lawton

to

Burdens

Road.

3 Geo. III. 15* — 1 6* 563

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty six thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1762, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale. to answer arid pay the several Annuities of £.3 per Centum, and 1 6 per Centum

on £. 11,400,000, Part of Twelve Millions borrowed

towards the Supply granted to I lis Majesty by an Act ift George the Third, for the Service of the Year 1761.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand and Fifty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towardsenabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintainance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1763, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1760, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Seventy-four Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Thirty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1762 to the 24th of June 1763.

The said RefoJutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1763.

Praters.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of

Jlem, Cowbridge, HandGreen, and Shelton, in

the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several of the Petitioners and others have petitioned this House for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the lied Bull in Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Cliff Bank, in the County of Stafford; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe by the Votes that a Petition has been presented, praying, that, instead thereof, the several Roads leading from the Red Bull aforesaid, to the Towns of Burjletn and Newcastle under Lyne, might be repaired; and that Leave has been given for bringing in a Bill for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are satisfied the same will be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Vol. 29,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near Handle yGreen, Shelton, and Places adja-

cent in the County of Stafford, whose names are there-unto subscribed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, to continue, and render more effec- Highpte tual, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from IIighgate Gafehouse, in the County of to pr

Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the

Road from the Bear Dm in Hadley, to the in fetdChace; and also CaneieoodL.ane, leading from High-gate to Hatnpjlead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn, in Hadley aforesaid; was read the Third Time.

Rejoiced, Tliijt the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and render more, effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barr net Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also CanewoodLane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley afore*, said.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, for inclosing and dividing the Com- Welfiogore mon Fields and Pasture Ground in the MauorandPa- Inclosure. rilli of Wellingore, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. L 5. To leave out from " may" to "be " now " in 1. 39.

1. ult. After " Money" to insert " no* ex-"ceeding £. 3 per Acre."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was ameuded at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Pasture Ground in the Manor and Parish of Wellingore in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. IVhichcot do carry th^ Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Goodman and Nicholas Lucqs Gen- Simofon tlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto fob- Inclosuro. feribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields, Lammas Grounds, and Pastures, in the Parish of SimpJ'on in the County of Bucks, wag presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Lammas Grounds, and Pastures, in the Parish of SimpJ'on aforesaid; and alleging, that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Four Fifth Parts, and upwards, of the said Fields, Grounds; and Pastures, so intended to be inclosed, and of several Rights and Privileges incident thereto; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be greatly detrimental to the respective Rights and Properties of the Petitioners, in such new intended inclosure, and tend to the Ruin of many of them: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Connfel again!! the said Bill; and that the same may not pass; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Hiall seem meet.

Ordered,

564 16* Martii. 1763.

Orderei, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, waysfrom Whitechapel to rF<w<£frrd;and foren-

<mtil the Report be received from the Committee, to listening’ and watching Part of the saul Road from whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Whitechapel Church to Stratford; and for repairing and Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common Mea- widening the Road through the Parishes of and

down, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the L in the Counties of r was Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, is com- rea<l a Second Titnc. mitted: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their That the Bill he committed to

Counsel against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if Mr. Harrow, Mr. Mr. Sandy.;, Mr. Glover, Mr. they think fit. Shiftier, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Sir Eduard Turner, Mr. Mr.

Amy An ingrossed Bid, for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Mr. , Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mutiny tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Sir William Beauchamp M r. Sir Ra-

'Quarters, was read the Third Time. f,ert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Mr. Alder-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title man Harley, Mr. Upton, Mr. Thomas cnjhend, Mr.

be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and Deiacat, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Cooke, Mr. Hume, Sir

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the BUI to Edward Hawke, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Lowther, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ner-> Sir Thomas , Mr. Milles, Sir Anthony

Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Mr. Hany wood, Mr. teuton Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Holt, Mr. Wynne, Mr Abraham Hume, Sir Edward

Inclosarc. the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Sir

Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within Sir William Maynard, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. the Manor and Parish of Pirlott, in the County of liar- Charles Gore, Mr. Bolton,. Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir after, was committed. That the Committee had exa- Alexander Grant, Mr. Reynolds, Lord OrwclL, Mr. Herne, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and (bund the same Cord Burghcrfh, Mr. Burton John Morgan, Mr. to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Parker, Sir Edmund Isham, their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Mr. Harley, Lord Panmure, Mr. Lord Frederick mittee, except John Baylis, and John Darling, whose Mr. Grant, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr.

Property in the said Common Fields and Meadows cou- Cord George Cavendish, Sir Wyndham Knatchbull fist of about 28 Acres; and who, being applied to, re- ham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of fused to sign the Bill; and also except certain Feoffees, Suffolk, Norfolk, Hertford, and Cam-

in respect of Three Roods and 33 Perches of the said: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

Meadows; and that the whole Quantity of Lands, in the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who the said Common Fields and Meadows intended to be come the Committee are to have Voices, inclosed, confilt of upwards of 506 Acres, (exclusive of the Commons and Waste Grounds, which amount to

about 308 Acres); and that no Person appeared before Bill to obviate the Difficulties that arise by Persons Settfana* the Committee tooppose the Bill; and that the Com- S*minS Settlements in Parishes and Places, in respect <J* mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several the Jr being aflfcfled to the Land Tax, was readaSe-Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him CO!^ Time

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the nefoked. That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the °Ohe whole House.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Resolved, That this Ilonfe will, Tomorrow Morning,

Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question ref°^’ej a Committee oi the whole House,

Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the uP°n t*,e ^ai"

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Sir presented to the House, according Election*;

ingrossed. to Order, a Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional P*t;v<<*ias

Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as Gotport A Bill for the better Paving of the Streets, and for relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity c.ua» Street*. preventingNuifancesand otherAnnoyancesinthe Town or Rent Charge: And the same was received; and read of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, was read a the First Time.

Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Townshendjunior, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Coventry yMr.

Rabt) Vane, Sir James Douglas, Mr. Houblon, Sir Charles The House being informed, That Mr. from Accwmo;

Saunders, Mr. Sandys, Col. Montgomery, Mr. Bagot, Sir the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called MiiuU

John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Jones, Mr. Drax, Mr. Henni-jn . and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant ker, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Milles, Sir Roger Newdigate, to their Orders, u<Ktl, lfr

Mr. Molyneux, Lord Grey, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Midle- An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt ton, Mr. Tucker, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Qf the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session Vane, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Brake Delavel, Mr. of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Shiffner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Buller, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Har- Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of ley, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Penton, Sir George Colebrooke, Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Mr. Major, Sir Christopher Treife, Mr. Montagu, Clothing of the Part of the said Militia unembodied,

Mr. Qiifloto, Mr. Northey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of' March 1762:

.Townfield, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Walffng-And also,

.ham, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Dodd, Sir Wyndham Knatch- An Account of the Monies that remained in the Ex-bull Wyndham;and all the Members who serve for the chequer on the 5th Day of January 1763, of the addi-Counties of Southampton, Berks, Stijex, and Witts: And tional Duties upon Beer and Ale, ellabliliicd by an Act they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 1 3, for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761

in the Speaker’s Chamber. after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances there-

upon to that Time.

Whitechapel A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Mr. Wilford also, from the Exchequer, presented to Road*. of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the High- the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An

i 69 Martii.

565

3 Geo. III.

An Account of all Slims of Money that have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, puriiumt to the Ad-dreires of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the I aft Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1 762.

THE Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia unembodied, for Ope Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762, amount to the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

Edw. Wilford,

Exchequer, the 16th Day o 1763.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1763, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act imo Georgii 3'", for paying Annuities granted 1761, after satis/ying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time.

THE Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1763, of the several Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act \m* Georgii3'", for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfying all Charges

and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time, amount to the Sum of Forty-seven thousand and One hundred and Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence.

Edw. Wilford.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of March 1763.

Vol. 29.

7B

To

Titnev

Canal.

Discovery of the Longitude.

16° Marlii. . 1763.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this

House, and which have not been made good by this House.

To Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of Re-printing the First Fourteen Volumes of the Journals of this House, with the Indexes thereto -To the several Judges and Justices of England, and Wales, there was ordered £. s. d.

' to be issued the Sum of - - 3,549 6 9

But, by the Death of some of them, there was not so much wanting by the Sum of ----- 139 — io|

£. s. d. 3,000-----

So that there has been no more issued than the Sum of

Exchequer,

the 16th Day of March 1763.

- 3,410 5 10*

£. 6,410 5 10$

Eiko. Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigation from the River Humber, by a Canal or Cut, at or near T Haven, to the River

Ludd, in the Parish of Alvinin the County of

Lincoln; and for continuing the said Navigation, in or near the said River, from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That. Mr. Gray do make the Report, which was ordered to he received this Day from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John of the Parish of

Saint George the Martyr, was referred.

Mr. Gray accordingly reported from the said Committee of the whole House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Instrument invented by Mr. John HarriJ'on for keeping true Time at Sea, in various Climates, has been found, by Trial already made, to be of great Utility for discovering the Longitude.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be of great Service to the Public, if the Principles and Mauner of making the said Instrument were to be now disclosed and made known, on giving to the said John Harrison Part of the Reward ordered to be paid, by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, to the First Discoverer of a proper Method for finding the Longitude, with Security for the Residue, on further Trial and consequent Approbation.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Harr if on, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the wdiole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Westminster an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, Paving. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George; I hat Part

of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holbonrn, which lies in the County of Middlesex; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancajlerwhich lies in the county of ; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Commit- Making tee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act made in the 3ill Year of the Reign of His CK"" late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who Dial! adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

3 Geo. III. i 6° Martii.567

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, granting Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1763.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1763.

Per Dienu For the Year 1763.

8,743 Out-Pensioners, (landing at Chriaft upon the Books of the £ d- £. s. d.

Hospital, at ^d. per Diem each, for 365 Days ... 182 2 11 66,483. 4 7

575 Out-Pensioners, admitted since Christmas last, or returned from Garrison, at 5 d.per Diem each, calculated from the respective Periods of their being placed on the Books of the Hospital 11 19 7 3,921 7 6

103 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each - 5 3 — 1,879 15 —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - - -: 1 3 3 424 6 3

9>452 200 8 9 72,708 13 4

From which deduct, The Sum of Twenty-one thousand Pounds, which, by Ellimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1763 21,000

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital, for the Year 1763 ----- 51,708 13 4

War Office, 16th March 1763.

TV. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House. delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame

were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Preventing Mr. Dvfon presented to the House, according to Or- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Frauds der, a Bill for more effectually securing the Payment of That, for the future, the Highways be amended by Af-

'onVTalt8 ^ie ^ut, es upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the Ob- fefl’ments, and not by the Six Days Labour.

taining of Allowances, and the mixing of fresh Corn or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt: And the That Provision be made for paying out of the said Aflame was received; and read the First Time. fefiments a proportionable Part,-instead of the Work

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. to be performed on Turnpike Roads.

The said Resolulions being severally rerd a Stcond Highway Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, gtnenl ported from the Committee of the whole House, to agreed to by the House.

EiMa^d w*10m ,fc ,s referred to consider of the Report which . Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the

n*an ' was made from the Committee who were appointed to said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman consider of the general I^avvs now in Force for repairing Dickinson, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. By dr, Mr. , Mr.

and widening the Highways in that Part of Gi eat Britain Mr. dwhnomhiey, Lord Mr. Gray,

called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, M r. Sir Tynte, and Sir

from Time to Time, to the House; the Resolutions ll'anvick Bampfjlde, do prepare, and bring in, the which the Committee had directed him to report to the fame.'

Vol. 29. . Ordered,

Estimate: Chelsea Hospital.

Perth

forfeited

Estate*

Accounts;

Rice.

Wnys

and

Means.

Supply.

568

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Application of the Money appropriated by Two Acts of Parliament made in the 321! and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for discharging the Debts claimed and sustained upon the Estate of Perth, forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of John Drummond.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Rice, imported into England for Seven Years last pall; distinguishing each Year; and also the Account of the Quantities of Rice, exported from England for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year; and the Countries where to exported; be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Merchants in Em don. Planters of South Carolina, and Owners of Ships, trading to His Majesty’s said Province of America, is referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

llcjbkcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Oi Tier of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- -

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1762, has been dispose ! of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of March 1763, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, '1 hat the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Anno 17G1,

" "I he Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa-, distinguishing every " Article of Expence, under its proper Title;" be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Pay thereof, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Halfpay to the Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, already disbanded, and such as are to be disbanded, for 244 Days, from the 25th of April 1763, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Ilorfe, reduced; and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards; for the Year 1763; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which

*7

A. 17*55.

they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

iiefohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoufC, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Militia; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forap- Pajrand plying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britai called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March

17 63.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speakertefumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Right to whole House, upon the Bill to enable such Officers, Ma- Tradesfro* riners, and Soldiers, as have been in the I^and or Sea £7^ Service, or in the Marines, since the 2 ad Year of his late Aray, Sc. Majesty Ring George the Second, to exercise Trades.

Mr. Speaker lefi the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Did,'cinfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That Jtkey had gone tnroiigh the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to' report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order made this Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Paya»d Bill for applying the Money granted'in this Session of Clotting. Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the 23th Day of March 1763, was committed, after the Ploufe tliould have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, being read;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the said Committee of the whole House, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more convenient appointing the Time and Place, or Times and Places, for training and exercising the Militia, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

16° Martii.

3 Geo. III. 16V-

Jtefolved, That this House will immediately fefoltre itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

The I louse accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aldennau Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be . received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 17* die Martii; Anno 3* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763.

TP R A Y E R s.

Lade’i O 1R Jarrit Smirk reported from the Committee, to Eftaie whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of John Lade the younger, and his Wife, situate at

ham, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill iU at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the Hoilfe, Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business, after Two of the Clock.

Mr. Lntlrell reported from the Committee, to whom B^iu'k *he Petition of the Governor and Company of Under-Company. takers, for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsde-Iivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is asfoHo'.veii:;

In Support of ! he Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent of she Petitioners produced an Office Copy duly attelied, of an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King and Queen Mary,

fot\ incorporating the Proprietors of the Water-works in York Buildings-, and for encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Water-works; and an Act of the Fourth Year of King George the First, for velting the forfeited Estatesin Great Brihimind Ireland, in Trullees, to be sold for the Use of the Public, £s?c. which were read; and by an Act of Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, for empowering the survivingCom-htiHioners and Truliees lor forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of t he late Lord Widdrington's F.stato, in the County of &c. and by

several Deeds of Conveyance, also produced to your Committee, it appeared, that in consequence of the said A«‘:t of the Fourth Year of King George the First, the said Governor and Company did make various Purciiafes of such forfeited Estates, particularly those of the late Lord Widdringtonin Northumberland, and of Pmanure, Southejk, ami in Scotland, and be-

VOL. 2(J.

,r

170 M&rtii. 569

ing duly seised of the Three forxher, and Piirchafers of the hitter; by Mitmte of Sole, and Declaration of Trust, produced to yoiir Committee, they afterwards lett the same Estates, situated in Scotland, on Leases:

That in pursuance of the Powers granted by dU Act mhde in the Sixth Year of his said late Majesty King . George the First, for better explaining the Nature of Conveyances to lie made to the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates by the Commissioners and Trustees -afling in Scotland, and for cnabling such Corporationsas should purchase any of the said Estates; and by virtue of the Powers granted by another Act made in the Seventh Year of his mid late Majesty King the First, for

continuing the Duties on Malt, (Sc. and to enable the said Undertakers, for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, to fell Annuities by Way of Lottery, the said Governor and Company did grant Annuities accordingly, to the Amount of 10*453 11 f. Sterlings determinable on Lives; and by an Indenture dated the 13th October 1727, a Trust was created over all the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, on Behalf of the Annuitants then subsisting, and Infeoffinent passed on that Trust Deed, whereby the said Annuitants became the pirft preferable Creditors upon the said Estatesin

Scotland, and have for many Years been in the foie Perception of the Rents thereof:

That by a Decree of the Court of Session in

dated the 19th of February 1732,11 appeared that the said Governor and Company had borrowed several Sums of Money of Sir John Meres, deceased, for which an heritable Bond was given on the 20th of May, in thte same Year, for £. 10,433 11 s- 2^- with Interest, to commence from the Date thereof, and One-fifth Part more than the Capital, as a Penalty in same of not punctual Payment; and by virtue thereof, the said Sir John Meres was afterwards seised of the said Estates ih Scotland, whereby his Debt became the next in Preference to the Annuitants, ,.nd was so determined to be by the Court of Session on the 13th of February 1734, in a Suit between the Trustees for the said Annuitants, and the said Sir John Meres; which Decree never having been appealed from, has long since been conclusive and final; and by an Assignment of this Debt, dated the 30th of March 1756, it appeared that the same had been assigned by the Representatives of the said Sir John Meres, to William Lock Esquire, deceased; and by him to William Lock, of Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlefer, Esquire, in whom the same is now veiled:

That by an Agreement and Sub Lease, dated the 31st July 1730, between the said Governor and Company, and the late Duke of Norfolk and others his Partners, Lessees of the Lead Mines of Strontian in Scotland, the said Governor and Company, in Consideration of an Assignment and Sub Lease, obliged themselves not only to relieve the Duke and Partners of the Lord’s Dish, and all Covenants in the original Lease; but also to pay a yearly Rent of £. 3,600 to his said Grace and Partners, during the Remainder of the Term of the original Lease, which was for Thirty. Years, commencing the 25th of March 1724, and for which annual Sum, it appeared his Grace and Partners were afterwards duly seised in the said Company’s Estates in Scotland:

That by Bond and Disposition, dated the 25th of October 1732, the said Governor and Company granted Security to Sir William Billers, John Lazvton, and Nicholas Paxton, therein named, for £. 100,000 Sterling, intended to be borrowed by the said Company; and upon which Seifen and Infeoffinent of the said Company’s Scotch Estates wore taken, and several Sums of Money were borrowed on the Faith thereof, amounting nearly to the said £. 100,000; but the Infeoffinent of these Trustees, upon thislatterDeed, beingpriorin Point of Time to that of the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, a Dii’putearole between them who should have the Pre-

7 E fetence

York

Building!

Company,

57°

17* Mart it.

f! A. 1763,

York

Building!

Company.

ference next after the said Annuitants and Sir John and Purposes r And, by an Order of the Court of Meres; and the Court of Session, by a Decree prof- Session, dated the 22 July 1757, Upon the Application

pounced in January 1739, preferred the said Duke of of the said William larch and Duke of Norfolk and Part* Norfolk and Partners after the said Annuitants and Sir ners, with Cortfent of the Annuitants, it appeared, John Meres; which Decree was affirmed by the House that the Factor on the said Estates was authorised to pay of Lords the Fiitl of May following, whereby the Cre- over to Mr. Lock, and to the Duke of Norfolk and ditors under the Deed of the 18th of January 1731. Partners, the yearly' Rent reserved on the Leafemade recited in the said Bond and Disposition of25th of October to Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden: And, "

William Ward Esquire further informed your Com-’ these Kents

1 732, can be confidt-red only as (landing next to the said Duke of Norfolk and Partners, or in the Fourth Class of the Company’s Creditors.

That, by an Extra# of Records of Abbreviate* of Adjudications in the Court of Session in and

by the Certificate of Mr. Francis Accountant to the said Court, dated the 23d 1763, it appeared, That the said Governor and Company had contracted a great Number of other Debts, for which Adjudications of the Company’s said Estates in Scotland had been obtained; which, together with 1 titered, amounted to the Sum of /. 375,170 15?-. 3 Steeling, and which, together with thoir other Debts before mentioned, amount to more than the Value of the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, as also appeared by an attested Rental of the said Estates, and several Depoiilions, as to the Value thereof:

That by a Decree of the Court of Chancery, made

mittee, That he had ever since paid these Kents to Nlr.Lockand the Duke of Norfolk accordingly,

Solomon Da Costa Esquire, said, That most of the Debts of the said Company were Contracted in England, and where, as he believed, most of the said Creditors, or their Representatlves, now relidc.

Mr. Stephen Monteage, Secretary to the said Company, informed your Committee. That the Governor and Court of Assistants of the said Company did, at chaelamas 1759, undertake the Management of their Affairs, without -any Pay, Allowance, or Reward, though heretofore it wasusual to pay such Governor and Assistants a Sidary, or Stipend, for their Attendance about the Affairs of the said Company; and the said Governor and Court of Assistants, lave such of them as are since dead, or have resigned, have, ever since, with the greatest Care, Attention, and Diligence, la-

the 24th of October 1740,11 was ordered, amongst other boured to bring the same into fomo Order; and, for things,-That Mr. Burroughs, One of the Mailers of M' " '" ’ " ’ n ’

the said Court, iliould take an Account of what was -due to the different Species of Creditors therein mentioned; and that the said Estates, formerly belonging to Lord Widdrington, in the County of Northumberland, ftiouid be fold, and the Money to arise by Sale thereof

that Purpose, had caused several Advertisemcr.ts to be published in the London Gazette, and (he Edinburgh Evening Courant, for the Creditors of the said Company to come in, and make their Claims, and produced several of the said Papers, in which such Advfertifenients were inserted; notwithstanding which, and the diligent

disposed of in the Manner therein mentioned; and by Inquiries they had made, they had not been able to an authentic Copy of an Account from the Books of come at a thorough Knowledge of the Affaire of the the Accountant General of the said Court of Chan eery, said Company.

it appeared, that the Money which arose by Sale of the - Solomon Da Costa Esquire further said, That he had said Estate in Northumberland, was applied accordingly, been informed by Mr. Pembroke, late Governor of the and disposed of in the Manner directed by the said said Company, that he could not come at many Books Decree, except the Sum of £. 460.19*. 6 d.which by and Papers of the said Company, by reason that iome the said Accountant General’s Certificate, bearing date were loft by Fire, and many others had been (lolen by the 9th of /ifarch 1763, appeared to be remaining in a Clerk of the said Company: And,

the Bank of England: Fheo,

William Ward Esquire,- Agent and Cashier to the Annuitants, informed your Committee, That the Annuities, which-priginally amounted to /. 10,453; are now, by the Deaths of Nominees, reduced to about

J hat by Minutes of Agreement, entered into and subscribed in the Year 1756, between the said Governor and Company, the Trustees for the Annuitants, the said William Ia>ck deceal'etl, the Agents for his said Grace the Duke of Norfolk and Partners, and the Trustees for the said Bond Creditors, under the Deed of Trull in 1731, produced to your Committee, it appeared that the Duke of Norfolk and Partners having, in 1736, brought an Action of Ranking and Sale in the Court of Session against the said Gov ernor and Company and their Creditors, it was agreed, that Application should be. made to the said Court of Session for Sale of l'uch Parts of the said Company’s Estates in Scotland, as were then Jett to Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden, at /. 4000 a Year, and that the Money raised by Sale thereof ftiouid be applied, in the first Place, to pay what remained due on the said Mr. Lock's Debt, and then the Sum of/.82,000, ftiouid be paid to the

Mr. Stephen M°kteage further said, That several of the Books now remaining are imperfect, many having l’ome Leaves torn out, others almost all torn out: And,

1 Mr. John Roberts said, That he had made diligent Search for many Papers which formerly belonged to the Company but had not been able to come at the Knowledge where they, or any of them, now are.

Ordered, That if>eave be given to bring in a Bill, for taking; Hating, and determining the several Claims ami Demands of the Creditors of the Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in;

which remain iinadj lifted and unsettled; and also for Hating and determining the Accounts and Demands depending between the said Corporation, their Creditors and Debtors respectively: And that Mr.

Mr. Carteret Webb, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Forrester, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near Handley Green, Shelton, and Places adjacent in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of -

said Duke of Norfolk and his Partners for their Debt; bridge. Green, and Shelton, in the County of

which Sum of/. 82,000, and Interest for the fame, from, the 251I1 of June 1755, after the Rate of/. 4 per Cent, his laid Grace and Partners agreed to accept, in full of their Demand on the said Company, and that the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, ftiouid be paid to the Trustees named in the said Deed of Trail of the 18th January 1731, to be applied in Discharge of what remained due to the Creditors under that peed; and that till the said Estates iliould be fold.

Lawtof

a I'd

Burilrt*

Ro»T

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he rei.d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Joseph Metier said. That the Road described

the growing Rents iliould be applied to the same Uses in the said Petition, which leads from Burslem and joins

Cambridge

to

Ely

Road.

3 Geo. III.

i 7® Martii.

the Turnpike Road which leads from Newe a jilt to Ul-toxeUr, at a Place called Cliff Bank, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, is in a ruinous Condition^ and in many Places narrow; and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law*

In Support of the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition,

Mr. Josiah Wedgewood said, That he knows the Road

originally prayed for; and, as the Bill now Hands, it will be much better for the Country in general than as it was at first proposed: And he added. That he was of Opinion, that in same Provision should be made in the Bill, now depending in the House, to repair the

S 71

severally put thereupon, agreed tb by the tioufe; and the Bill was ameuded at the Table accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the TitJ.e be. An Act for repairing, widening, turnings and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge tp Ely, and from thenee to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or ne^r a Place called SlrelhumFerry, in the County of Lam-,

bridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Ro do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Savilt reported from the Committee, t<J

Rond from Lawton to Cliff Bank, as was once intended, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common it'would not befo beneficial to the Inhabitants of Shelton, Fields, Path ires, and Common Grounds, in the Cha-Haniley Green, and Clff Bank, because a Gate must be peliy and Ix>rdship of in in the

placed near Cliff Bank, otherwise the Purpose of the Bill County of York, was committed. That the Commit-would be defeated by the Deficiency of the Tolls; that tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found at present a Bill is depending to enable the Utloxeter the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hgd Trull to bring a Branch from Cliff Bank to Snajie given their Consent, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Marjti, and then there is but about a Mile and a Quar- the Committee, (except Thomas Bigland, who i» softer left, which will not be made a Turnpike Road, but sessed of a Close of about Nine Acres of old Lnclonire,

Marflfcet

Indoiufi.

ft is the bell Part of the Road, and therefore may be repaired by Statute Labour: And he further said, That there arc Plenty of Materials at hand; and that if the Road from Lawton was to be carried to Cliff Bank, as

and John Spink and Samuel Atkinson, who are Lessees of One Oxgang and an Half, under the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of Saint John's College in Cambridge, who were all applied to, and refused to sign the Bill, but said

it was originally proposed, the People of Newcastle they had no Obje6lion to the Bill) and that the whole

would oppose it.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w’hom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester, to and

Lands, within the said ChapeIry, conlillof240xgangs, and upwards of 150 Acres of old Inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments-thereunto; which.

York Streets, 4c.

Newcastle under Lt/ne, in the County of Stafford, and they had directed him to report to the House; and he Other Roads therein to be mentioned, is committed. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Ordered, That Mr. Tftwett do make the Report from Where the Amendments were once read throughout the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Clean- and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the;

Bradfords ice. Smalt Debts.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill, for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery York Buildings, the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives, of fmnii Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, William Lock Esquire, his Grace Edward Duke of Melksham, and IVhorlfdoion, in the County of Wilts, Knight, and the

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk, all real Creditors of the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; said Governor and Company, and for authorising and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to made several Amendments thereunto; which they had a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of MariJ'diall, Pan-

ting and Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty oL SkaintPeter, within the said City; and,

for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same; was committed.

Sir Bobert Long reported from the Committee, to

York

Building

Company.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliverer! the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon , agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

mure Soulhe/k, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were Itafed to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet and Alexander Garden Esquire, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

refer, Mr. Mr. Ridley, Sir Jarrit Smithi Mn

An ingossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, Bagot, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Wimington, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town o Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham: and for Tynte, Mr. Bef, Mr. Gray, hlr. /Jewett, Mr* building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Webb, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir

Place called *SVn?//w»i Ferry, in the County of Cdmir/dgc, George Savilt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Upton, Mr. Ross, Mr, was read the Third Time. Craufurd, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Mr. Philip

The Amendments following were severally proofed Carteret Webb, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman

to be made to the Bill;

Pr

10.

I. 14. To leave out " Landbeach Bar, and iufert* St ret ham Ferry" instead thereof.

I. 24.7 To leave out " Landbeach Bar," and ztf. 3 iufert " Strclham Ferry" instead thereof.

And the said Amendfnents were, upon the Question, Vol. 29.

Dickivfbn, Sir George Colebrook, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Dowdeftcell, Lord Royfion Mr. G rant, Lord Luxborough, M r. Wilkes, Sir Roger Moffyn, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Glover, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

572

*7

Martii.

A 176$.

"&A Mr. //rueft reported from the Committee, to whom dred Ten Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be StreetSfSce.^ gj|| the better Cleansing and Enlightening the granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Streets, I a ties, and public Ways, of the City of York, Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentle-anrlthe Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, men of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regi-within the said City; and for keeping the same in Re- ment of Horse reduced, and to the Superannuated pair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Dray- the Year 1763.

men, within the same; was committed; That the That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be and found the same to be true; and that the Committee granted to His Majesty, to be paid as a Reward to had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amend- John Harrison, upon a proper Discovery, to be made by ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re- him for the Use of the Public, of the Principles upon port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Supply.

which his Instrument formeasuring Time at Sea is con-firuded; and that the said Sum be applied, for the Purpose aforesaid, out of any Money unapplied to the Dfe of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy.

'fire said Resolution being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions, and also upon the Resolutions which were.Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John , of the Parish of

Saint George the Martyr, was referred, and were then agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gray, Sir Roger Nervdigate, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Wilbraham,

ford Harry Rowlett, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Dickhifvn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which Ire read »n his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as olloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-three thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to Mis Majesty, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to give a proper

Compensation to the respetHve Provinces in North Ame-

rica, for the Expences incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing, and Pay of the Troops raised by the fame, according as the active Vigour1 and fixenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces fluff! be thought, by in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, His Majesty, to merit. through Llandovery, to I.lydiardy Gtoyn, in the Parish

Resolverd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of; and /i om thence by Cledfulch, and

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hun- over Duless Bridge, to Town of Llandib-vazor-, and dred fifty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny From the said Town, along the Poll Road, by Rhicyra-Farthfng, be granted to His Majesty, to make good dar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and the Deficiency of the Crauts lor the Service of the Year Village of Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The "Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteen Mile Stone,

Carnunln

Roadt.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort :t and the

of Kijfig, at the Borders of the County of;

without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for repairing and w idening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnftaple, in

other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of the County of Devon, w ithout any Amendment: And

Africa.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred Forty-two Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, for thcPaving of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establimment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716,'for the Year 1763.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three' thousand Three hundred Fifty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1763.

Refulved, That, it is the Opinion *of this Committee, That, a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-eight thousand Sown hundred Four Poutids Three Shillings and Four

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of rire Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces already disbanded, and Inch as are to be disbanded, for the Year 1763.

Refulved, That it-is the Opinion of this Cofnmittee, Pumps there 1 without any Amendment. That a Sura, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hun

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Lawton, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing and allotting the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of AJlley, in the County Palatineof Lancaster, without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scrop-ton, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the Public Wells and

Br,mS:pk

Road>.

Lowton

Inclosure

A (Hey Inclolnrt

Scroptoo

Inclosure.

Coventry

Street!.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Pill

3 Geo. III.

17° Martii-.

513

lentham

Jutiofure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing fever a I Common deeerminingDifferencestduchiitgtTmifosand Btiildings

Field? and Grounds within the Parish of G lent ham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill he committed to Mr. Which-

cot, Mr. Samiys, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Jack/on, Mr. Mr. /, Mr.

burnt down or demolished by Reason of the late dreadful Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill I e committed to Mr. John PHt, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr.

Col. Montgomery, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Campbell, Kir. Saridys, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hamer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whate-

ly,.Mr. Nugent, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. John Pitt, Fane, Sir Roger Mr. Stanley, Mr. Legge,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Ilarboid, Sir George Savile, Mr. Brand, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Mr. Burrell, Sir Robert Ij>ng, Mr. Rushout, Sir Roger Blackett, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Amy and, Jlloffyn, Mr. Norris, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Jennings, Sir George Savile, Mr. Irwin,

Gascoyne, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Warren, Mr. Fuller,

Ix>rd hathororgh, Mr. StSir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Boone, Lord Strange, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Howard, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Bailer, Col. Nugent, Mr. Bagot, Lord Tilney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Long, Mr. Burrell, Si Mr. Ttrumjhend, Mr. Dowdrfwell, Mr. Harbord, Doctor Hay, Mr. Nugent, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr. Vavfittart,

Mr. Cooke, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Delaval, Sir William Beauchamp Procfor, Mr. Code ton, Sir Charles Mor daunt.

preventing Frau«J> in

ruaking

tot Molt.

Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.; and all

A Bill for more effectually securing the Payment of the Members who serve for the Counties of;

the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the Obtaining of Allowances, and the Mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill beconimitted to a Committee of the whole Ilonfe.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wilts, Southampton, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable fuel) Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since thf 2zd Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades, wascom-

Rient to Tr.ideJ front Service in (be Aron, fcc.

5»pply Bill; Curie, on Wines.

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the FirflTime.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " Tomorrow," and inserting " Monday" iuftcad thereof.

And the Questiou being put. That "To-morrow" Hand Part of the Questiou;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

11

Mr.

Mr.

FA Hof,

Mackay Ross I Yard,

188.

84.

Oreenwich

Hospitd.

Tellers for the Noes: j Mr‘ .,

I Mr. Alderman Harley.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;*

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second lime Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to itnpovver the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to provide for fuel) Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided lor within the said Hospital, and to enable them to rend ve such Peafions as shall be granted them by the said Cotmnifiiooers or Governors in the mo/teafy and con-

report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clriufe was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige Officers and others to swear to their legal Settlement.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroired.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of (he Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once reUd throughout; and then aSecortdTime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Wene agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Aiheuditients, be ingrossed.

Militia; Pay and

Clothing.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into venient Maiiner, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to pre

Rebuilding Wrreham Town; &c.

attending the fame: And the same was received; and read the FirflTime.

Refolted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill fortlie better and more easy rebuilding the Town of Wortham, in the County of , and for Vol. 23.

vent oceafional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ridley took the Chair of the Committee.

Kir. Speaker resumed the Chair.

2 F Mr,

EIe£Hon§; preventing fraud a lent Votes for Cities.

574 I7°~l8°

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Settlemeots The House, according to Order, resolved itself into _ ty a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to A/TefTments. °^v,ate d*e difficulties that arise by Persons gaining Settlements in I’ariffies and Places, in respect of their being assessed to the Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they 1 had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

SUrannn'^’ The House refolred itself into a Committee of the certsdt? uboIc House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to Annuities, satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

.Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the Ildufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii. A. 17 6%.

the Manor and Parish of Pi, in the County of

Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate Of John Lade the younger, and Hejicr his Wife, situate at Barham, in the dounty of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir JarritSmith do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, La»< an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King COTCerni"f Henri! the Eighth, concernining new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladhroke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Webb, Mr. KynaflonMr. Walter, Mr. Bacon, Sir William BeaudiampProctor, Mr. Bader, Mr.

Dempfler, Mr. Be ft. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Shi finer,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Staunton, Sir Bah cr, Mr.

Howard, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fuller, Sir 6'/v», Mr. Hume, Sir Royer Neiedigate, Mr. Tufi'nell, Sir Ellis Cunlifie, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Glover, Mr. Tomfield,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Ward; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Effi’.t, and Kent And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being moved, in pursuartce of the Order Pri*«t made Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the Bufiatk. House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Da}', after Two of the Clock.

Viever it, 18° die;

Anno 30 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1763.

Pray i- us.

j A HI LL to enable His Ma jell v to grant certain Estates

i-.V^rane’s JL~\. deviled by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane

Vv >N* in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trull for Henrietta Rosa Percyrina IIare, and her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to and

also to a certain Sum payable to Henry and

Anne the Wife of William Bqfiet; and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, ivfolvc itself into a Committee of the Whole lloule, upon the said Bill.

Pirton An ingrafted Bill for dividing -and inclosing several Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within

Mr. Grosvenor reported from the Committee, lo Hatlcin

whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, Mountain and opening a Communication from the House of ^oa<)'

7 'hom as Hughes, Esquire, adjoining to Hal kin Mountain, to Farm-, and across the old Post Road in to a House at Haiti yMoch, in in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

A Petition of Robert Knight, Esquire, One of the Devisees in Remainder, named in the Will of Henry CoitqitA late Baroil of Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, de- "l!!-ceased, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates devised by the Will of the Gift Lord Colerane, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta RoJ'a

Per eg rind

Stourbridge

Hoads,

£2e&iong; preventing fraudulent Votes for Cities.

3 Geo. III. i8° Martii. 575

Pertgrina Hare, arte] her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to RofeDnple/fis, and also to a certain Sinn

payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William My//it; and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned; and alleging, 'I'hat the said Lord Cu’erane, by his said Will, deviled his Estate in tl:e Cotinty of Middlesex, in case RoJ'a Peregrin a lime,

therein named, should die before the should be married, 6r attain her Age of Twenty-one Years, to his Niece 'Lydia Knight, tince deceased, who was the Wife of the Petitioner, and One of the Coheirs of the said Lord Coleraine, and to the Petitioner, for their joint Lives, and tire Lift: of the Survivor of them, with Remainder to the said IlenniKnight, their Son, inTail, with divers Remainders over; and that the Petitioner has been at a greatExpenee and Trouble in discovering and proving that the said Rose Dupleffis, and Henrietta

grinaHare, were Aliens born, whereby the said Estates escheated to the Crown: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision for the Petitioner in the said Bill, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, so much of art Act passed in the last; Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the k‘ Road from the Market. House in Stourbridge to Colly kf same in Cradley\and from to Hotly Hall-,

" and from Colly Cate to; and from the

" Tiimpike Road ofi Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, " in the Parish of King’s Norton; and from Carter's " Lane to the Bell Inn at in the Counties

" of Worecjfer, Stafford, and Salop as relates to the

Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter’s Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynajthn, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Buller, Sir Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Butler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pen-

ton, Mr. Cornel call, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. DoxMr. Sir

John Gibbons, Mr. Alderman Huiiey, Sir Edward ningtnn, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Hume, Sir EllisCuntiffe, Mr. , Sir

Edward lliyr.tun, Mr. BurreSir Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Upton, Mr. TownSir Roger Mr. Maxvbey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sir Charles

Mor daunt, Mr. lieu Jett, Mr. Mr. Holt, Mr. i'hctwyrd, Mr. 1btfhout, 'Wr.Mr. Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Shifjher, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Wynne. Lord MiJletov, Mr. Sir Armine house. Sir Robert Ladbroke:and all the Members who

lerve for the Counties of Wore Salop, and

Glouerfter; and for the Principality of And

the}' are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ridley, according to Order*, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament fof Cities and Boroughs, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. "

Vol. 29.

M f.Gtayprefvnlod to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for the Encouragement of'John to pub-

ii!li and make known his Invention of a Machine or Watch, for the Difeovi ry of Longitude at Sea: And the same was received; and r«.*u3 the First Time.

Resolved,'I'hat the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Mr. Earle prefeuted to the House, pursuant to tlieif Order,

A particular Account of the Expenditure of the Money laid out tipon the Fort at Annamubod, finee the same has been under the t)ircftion of the Board of Ordnance; distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongli the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Elfefts of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminsterwith Filli, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protest and encourage Fishermen; and to consider of proper Methods for the further supplying the said Cities of London and Westminster with Eifli at moderate Rates; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Cities of London and Westminster have, ft nee the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protest and encourage Fishermen, been better, and in a much larger Degree, than before the passing the said Act, supplied with Sea Fish by Land Carriage; and that the late exorbitant Price of many Sorts of Sea Fish hath thereby been considerably reduced; and the Cities of Iwndon ana Westminster have been* supplied with many Sorts of Sea Fish, not thentofore usually brought there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the good Elfefts which the said Act hath produced, have been owing to the laudable and indefatigable Prosecution of the Plan or Scheme concerted by John Blake, Esquire, for the better supplying the Cities of Iwndon and Westminster with Sea Fill), by Land Carriage; and which hath in Part been executed by him, notwithstanding the many Difficulties he met with in such the Execution thereof.

Resolved, I'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee," That some A Alliance ought to be allowed or granted to the said John Blake, to encourage and enable him further, and efl'eftually, to carry into Execution the said Plan or Scheme, concerted by him, for the better flip-plying the Cities of London and Westminster with Sea Fish, at moderate Rates.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was, propefed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " thentofore."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Cities of Iwndon and Westminster have, finee the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protest and encourage

Filliermeo,

Discovery of the Longitucic.

Account; Fort at Aniurniabet.

Supplying the Fish Markets.

57 6

18° Martii.

A. 1763.

Fishermen, been better, and in a much larger Degree Union and Co 11 cord among the Princes, uhofe Di«ri than before the puffing the said A ft, supplied with Sea lions had spread I roubles in the I*our Parts of the Filfi by bind Carriage; and that the late exorbitant World, and toinfpire them with thclndination to cause Price of man v Sorts of'Sea Fish hath thereby beet) con- the Comforts of Peace to succeed to the Alisfortuncsof fiderably reduced, and the Cities of London and West- a long and bloody War, which, having ariftn betw een minflerhave been suppfied with many Sorts of Sea Fish, and 7 (hiring the Reign of the Molt

1 supplied with many Sort not usually brought there.

The Second Kefohition of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by flic House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Serene and Moll Potent Prince, George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great of Glorious

Memory, continued under the Reign of the Molt Serene and Molt Potent Prince, George the Third, His Successor, and, in its Progress, communicated itself. to Spain ani\Portugal: C’onfequently, the Moll Serene and Mod Potent Prince George the Third, by the^ Grace of that the further Consideration of the said Report be God, King of Great Britain, France, and I reland, Duke

7 iff of General and Field Oidceri.

of and Arch Treasurer, and

Elector, of the Holy Empire; the Molt Serene

and Most Potent Prince, lauds, the Fifteenth, by the Grace of God, Molt Christian King; and the Molt Serene and Mod Potent Prince, the Third, by

Bepdved, That an humble Addrefij be presented to the Grace of God, King, of Spain and of the Indies (

adjourned till this Day Two Months It pad's! in the Negative.

Then tliesaid Resolution was, upon thcQuedion put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ionic.

His Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this Hojufc, a List of the General and Field Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and also of the Commission Officefs belonging to each separate Regiment; as they, flood on the

after having laid the Foundations of Peace in she.Preliminaries, signed at Fontainebleautlie Third of November

lad; and the Mod Serene ond Most Potent Prince, Don JoJ'eph the First, by the Grace of God, King of Portugal and of the Algarves, after having acceded thereto;

Fird Day of January 1763; as also the Dates of their determined to coinpleat, without Delay, this great and

several Coimniftions.

Ordered, Tl; it the said Address be presented to Flis Majesty by du b Members of this House as are-of Flis Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.'

Prace

with

France

and

Sjaiu.

important Work.. For this Purpose, the High Con tracing Parties have named and appointed their respective Amuafladors Extraordinary and Ministers Pkpipotent iaiy, viz.'. His Sacred Majesty the King of (Treat the Mod Iliuftrious and Most Excellent Lord Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the John Duke and Earl of , Marquis of Taxijlock,

House, by His Majesty’s Command, Sic. Flis Minider of State, Lieutenant General of Flis

A Copy of the Definitive Treaty, and Three fepa- Armies, Keeper of His Privy Seal, Knight, of the mod

rate Articles, between His Majesty, the Mod Christian Noble Order of the Garter, and His Ambalfaflor Fix-King, and the Catholic King, signed at Paris the 10th traordinary and Minider Plenipotentiary to His Mod February 1763; with the full Powers of the respective Christian Majesty; Flis.Snered Majesty the Most Clnif-Ministers; and Translation: And also, tian King, the Mod Illustrious and Most Excellent

Copy of the Declaration of his Molt Christian Ma- Lord CcJ'ar Gabriel de , Duke of Peer

jesty’s Plenipotentiary, with Regard to the Debts due to of Knight of his Orders, lieutenant General

the Canadians, dated Paris, February 10th 1763; and of his Armies, and of the Province of Bril any, Coun-Trandation: And also, , cillor in all his Councils* and Miuifler and Secretary

Copy of the Declaration of 11 is Majesty’s Ambassador of State, and of his Command* and Finances; 11 is Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, with Regard to the Sacred Majesty the Catholic King, the Mod Illustrious Limits of Bengal, in the Eaji Indies, dated Paris, and Most Excellent Lord, Don Jerome,

February 10th 1763; and Translation: And also, Knight of the -Mod Christian King’s Orders, Gen-

Copy of the Definitive Treaty, and Three separate tleman of his-Catholic Majesty’s Red Chamber in

Articles, lietweou His Majesty, the Catholic King, and the Mod Christian King, signed at the 10th

bruary 1763; with the full Powers of the respective Ministers; and Translation: And also,

' Copy of the Most Faithful King’s Acccdion to the Definitive Treaty, and Three separate Articles, ligiied at Paris, the totli February 1763; with the full Powers of the respective Ministers; and Translation: And also, Copy of the Declaration of his Most Fai/hluJ Majesty’s Ambassador and Minider Plenipotentiary, with Regard to alternating with Great Britain and France-, dated Paris, Februaryiotli 1763; and Translation. . Together with a Lid of the said Papers.

And the said Lift-was read.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Trau/lations are as fnlloweth; viz.

: r ' 1

Translation of the Definitive Treaty, and Three separate Articles, between His Majesty, the Aloft Christian King, and, the Catholic King, signed at Paris, the ' 1 oth February 1 70 j, with the full Powers of the respective Ministers.

In the Name of the MoftHoly and Undivided Trinity,

- Father, Son, and Holy Glioft. So be it.

Be it known to all those to whom it Audi, or may, in any Manner, belong.

Employment, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Mod Christian Majesty; Flis Sacred Majesty the Molt Faithful King, the Aloft Iliuftrious and Most Excellent. Lord, Martin d&Meliv and Knight Pro-

sessed of the Order of Christ, of his Aloft Faithful Majesty’s Council, and his Ambassador, ami Minider Plenipotentiary, to his Mod Christian Majesty.

Who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, in.good Form, Copies whereof are transcribed at the End of the present Treaty of Peace, have agreed upon, the Articles, the Tenor of which is as follows.

Article I.

There shall be a Christian, universal, and perpetual Peace, as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and con ft ant Fritudship shall be re-established between their Britannic, Aloft Christian, Catholic, and Most Faithful Majesties, and between their Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, Countries, Subjects* and V afi’als, of what Quality or Condition soever they, be, without Exception of Places, or of Persons: So that the I Iigh Contracting Parties shall give the greateu' Attention to maintain between themfel ves and their said Dominions and Subjects, this reciprocal Friepdship and Coijespondence, without permitting, on either Side, any Kind of Floftilities, by Sea or by Land, to be committed, from henceforth, For any Cause, or under any

Pretence whatsoever, and every Thing shall be care-It has pleated the"Most High to diflufe the Spirit of fully avoided, which might, hereafter, prejudice the

Unioii

3 Geo. III. iW.Marlii.

577

Uniop happily re-established, applying themselves, on the contrary, on every Occasion, to procure for each other whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interests, and Advantages, without giving any Affill-ance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who would cause any Prejudice to either of the High Contracting Parties: There shall be a general Oblivion of every Thing that may have been done or committed before, or fmce, the Commencement of the War, which is just ended.

Article II.

The Treaties of Westphalia of 1648; those of Madrid ‘between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain of 166 7 and 1670} the Treaties of Peace of of 1678

and 1679 j of Ryswick of 1697; those of Peace and of Commerce of Utrecht of 1713; that of Baden of 1714; the Treaty Of the Triple Alliance of the Hague of 1717; that of the Quadruple Alliance of Ijyndon of 1718; the Treaty of Peace of Vienna of 1738; the Definitive Treaty of Aix la Chapelle of 1748; and that of Madrid, between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain, of 1750; as well as the Treaties between the Crowns of Spain and Portugal, of the 13th February) 1668; of the 6th February) 1715; and of the 12th February 1761; and that of the nth April 1713, ‘between France and Portugal, with the Guaranties of Great Britain-, serve as a Bafts and Foundation to the Peace, and to the presentTreaty: And for this Purpose, they are all renewed and confirmed in the best Form, as well as all the Treaties in general, which subsisted between the High Con trading Parties before the War, as if they were inserted here Word for Word, so that they are to be e.xaCily observed, for the future, in their whole Tenor,'and religiously executed on all Sides, in all their Points.which shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty, notwithstanding all that may have been flrpul.ited to the contrary by any of the High ContFading Parties: And all the said Parties declare. That they will not suffer any Privilege, Favour, or Indulgence, to fnbfift Contrary to the Treaties above confirmed, except what shall have been agreed and stipulated by the present Treaty.

Article III.

All the Prisoners made, on all Sides, as well by t-and, as by Sea, and the Hostages carried away, or given during the War, and to this Day, shall be restored, without Ransom, Six Weeks, at latest, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratification of the present Treaty, each Crown respectively paying the Advances, which shall have been made for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the attested Receipts and Estimates, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall be furnished on one Side and the other: And Securities shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners shall have contracted in the Countries, where they have been detained, until their intire Liberty. And all the Ships of War and Merchant Vessels, which shall have been taken, flnee the Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Cessation of Hostilities by Sea, shall be likewise restored bona with all their Crews, and Cargoes: And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty.

Article IV.

His Most Christian Majesty renounces all the Preten-fions which he has heretofore formed, or might form, to Nova Scotia, or Acadia, in all its Parts, and guaranties the whole of it, and with all its Dependencies, to the King of Great Britain: Moreover, his Most Christian Majesty cedes, and guaranties to His said Britannic Majesty, in full Right, Canada, with all itsDependeneies, as

well as the Island of Cape Breton, and all the other Islands, and C.oafts, in the Gulph and River St. Laurence, and, in general, every thing that depends on the Vox.. 29.

said Countries, Lands, Islands, and Coasts, with the Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights acquired-by Treaty or atherwife, which (lie Most Christian King, and the Crown of France, have'had, till now, over the said Countries, Islands, Lands, Places, Coasts, and their-Inhabitants, so that the Molt Christian King cedes and makes over the whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most ample Manner and Form, without Rellri&ion, and without any Liberty to depart from the said Cession and Guaranty, under any Pretence, or to disturb Great Britain in the Possessions above mentioned. His Britannic Majesty, on His Side, agrees to grant the Liberty of thcCathqlic Religion to the Inhabitants of Canada: He will, consequently, give the most precise and most effectual Orders, that His new Roman Catholic Subjects may profess the Worth ip of their Religion, according to the Rites of the RomtjhChurch, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit. His Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the French Inhabitants, or others who had

been Subjects of the Most Christian King in,

may Retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they Until think proper, and may fell their Estates, provided it be to Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, and bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: The Term limited for this Emigration shall be fixed to tile Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article V.

The Subjects of France shall have the Liberty of Fishing and Drying, on a Part of the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland, such as it is specified in the Xlllth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht; whidh Article is renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, (except what relates to the Island of Cape Breton, as well as to the other Islands and Coasts, in the Moutli and in the Gulph of St. Laurence:) And His Britannic Majesty consents to leave to the Subjects of the Most Christian King the Liberty of fishing in the Gulph of St. Laurence, on Condition that the Subjects of France do not exercise the said Fishery, but at the Distance of Three Leagues.from all the Coasts belonging to Great Britain, as well those of the Continent, as those of the Islands situated in the said Gulph of St. Laurence. And as to what relates to the Fishery on the Coasts of the Islands of Cape Breton out of the said Gulph, the Subr jests of the Most Christian King shall not be permitted to exercise the said Fishery, but at the Distance of Fifteen Leagues from the Coasts of the Island of Cape Breton-, and the Fishery on the Coasts of Scotia or Acadia, and every where else out of the said Gulph, shall remain on the Foot of former Treaties.

Article VI.

The King of Great Britain cedes the Islands of St. Peter and Miquelon, in full Right, to his Most Christian Majesty, to serve as a Shelter to the French Fishermen: And his said Most Christian Majesty engages not to fortify the said Islands; to erect no Buildings upon them, but merely for the Convenience of the Fishery; and to keep upon them a Guard of Fifty Men only for the Police.

Article VII.

In order to re-establish Peace on solid and durable Foundations, and to remove for ever all Subject of Dispute with regard to the Limits of the British and French Territories on the Continent of It is

agreed, that, for the future, the Confines between the Dominions of His Britannic Majesty, and those of hi* Most Christian Majesty, in that Part of the World, shall be fixed irrevocably by a Line drawn along the Middle of the River MtJJijfippi, from its Source to the River Iberville, and from thence, by a Line drawn along the Middle of this River, and the Lakes Maurepas

7 G and

Peace

with

France

And

Spain.

18* Martii.

A. 17 3

Peace

with

France

and

Spain.

the Mobile, and every Thing winch He pofl’estes, or

ought to possess, on the left Side of the River Miffijippi, except the Town of New Orleans, and the Itland in which it is situated, which shall remain to provided that the Navigation of the River MiJi/Jippi shall

Senegal, with the Podvr, and Galam; with all the Rights and Dependencies of the said River Senegal.

Article XI.

In the East Indies, Great Britain shall red ore to France,

be equally free, as well to the Subjects of Great Britain, in the Condition they are now in, the different Factories, as to those of France, in its whole Breadth and Length, which that Crown possessed, as well on the Coast of Co*

from its Source to the Sea, and expressly that Part which is between the said Idand of Ar«t> Orleans, and the Right Bank of that River, as well as the Passage both in and out of its Mouth: It is further stipulated, that the Vessels belonging to the Subjects of either Nation, shall not be flopped, visited, or subjected to the Pay-

romandel, and Orix a, as on that of Malabar, as also in Bengal, at the Beginning of the Year x 749. And his Most Christian Majesty renounces all Pretentions to the Acqufitions which he had made on the Coast of Coromandel and Orixa, since the said Beginning of the Year 1749. His Most Christian Majesty shall restore, on his

nient of any Duty whatsoever. The Stipulations, in- Side, all that he may have conquered from Great Bri ferted in the IVth Article, in Favour of the Inhabitants in the Raft Indies, during the present War; and

of Canada, shall also take place, with regard to the In- will expressly catife Natl aland in thelfland

habitants of the Countries ceded by this Article. of Sumatra, to be restored; he engages further, not tq.

Article VIII. erect Fortifications, or to keep Troops in any Part of

The King of Great Britain shall restore to France the the Dominions of the Subah of Bengal. And in order Islands of Guadeloupe, of Marie Galante, of Dcjirade, of to preserve future Peace on the Coast of Coromandel and Martinico, and of Belleijle-, and the 1'ortrelTes of these Orixa, the and French shall acknowledge Mit-

Islands shall be restored in the same Condition they were hornet Ally Khan for the lawful Nabob of the

the lawful Subah the and

both Parties shall renounce all Demands and Pretenfiof s of Satisfaction, with which they might charge each other, or their Indian Allies, for the Depredations, or Pillage, committed, on the one Side, or on the other, during the War.

Article XII.

The Island of Minorca shall be restored to Mis /to-

rn

when they were conquered by the British Arms;

provided that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Islands, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, or in the other Places restored to France by the present Treaty, shall have Liberty to fell their Lands and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bring away their Efleds, as well as their Persons, on

board Vessels, which they shall be permitted to send to tank Majesty, as well as Fort St. Philip, in the fame

the said Islands, and other Places restored as above, and which shall serve for this Use only, without being rc-strained on Account of their Religion, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Crimiual Prosecutions: And for this Purposts the Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His Britannic Ma-

Condition they were in, when conquered by the Arms of the Most Christian King; and with the Artillery which was there, when the said Island and the said Fort were taken.

Article XIII.

The Town and Port of DunHiaII bo put into the

jesty’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the State fixed by the Iaft Treaty of Ait la Chapelle, and by

Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; but, as the Liberty, granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to bring away their Persons and their Effects, in Vessels of their Nation, may be liable to Abuses, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has

former Treaties. The Cunette shall bedestroyed immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, as well as the Forts and Batteries which defend the Entrance on the Side of the Sea; and Pavilions shall be made, at the same Time, for the Whole-

been expressly agreed between His Britannic Majesty fomeness of the Ai^, and for the Health of the Inhabi-

and his Most Christian Majesty, that the the Number of F.ngUJh Vessels, which shall have Ix'ave to go to the said Islands and Places restored to be limited, as

well as the Number of Tons of each one; that they shall go in Ballad-, shall set Sail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only, all the Efi’ects, belonging to the English, being to be embarked at the same Time. It has

tnnts, by some other Means, to the Satisfaction of the King of Great Britain.

Article XIV.

France shall restore all the Countries belonging to the Electorate of Hanover, to the I-andgrave of HeJ/e, to the Duke of Brun/icick, and to the Count of La Lip/>e

Buckebourg, which are, or shall be occupied by his Moll

been further agreed, that his Most Christian Majesty Christian Majesty’s Arms: The Fortresses of these dif-shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said ferent Countries lbal] be restored in the same Condition Vessels; that, for the greater Security, it shall be al- they were in, when conquered by the French Arms; lowed to place Two French Clerks, or Guards, in each and the Pieces of Artillery, which shall have been car-

of the said Vessels, which shall be visited in the Landing Places, and Ports of the said Islands, and Places, re-llorcd to France, and that the Merchandize, which shall be found therein, shall be confiscated.

Article IX.

The Molt Christian King cedes and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty, in full Right, the Islands of Grenada, and of the Grenadines, with the fanicStipulations in Fa-

ried elsewhere, shall be replaced by the same Number, of the same Bore, Weight, and Metal.

Article XV.

In case the Stipulations, contained in the XHIth Article of the Preliminaries, should not be compleated at the Time of the Signature of the present Treaty, as well with regard to the Evacuations to be made by the Armies of France of the Fortresses of Cleves, Wefel,

your of the Inhabitants of this Colony, inserted in the and of all the Countries belonging to the King

1 Vth Article for those of Canada: And the Petition of of Prussia, as with regard to the Evacuations to be made the Islands, called Neutral, is agreed and fixed, so that by the British and French Armies of the Countries which those of St.I lucent, Dominica, and Tobago, shall remain they occupy in , Lower Saxony, on the Lower

in full Right to Great Britain, and that of St. Lucia the Upper Rhine, and in all the Empire, and to

shall he delivered to France, to enjoy the same likewise the Retreat of the Troops into the Dominions of their in full Right; and the High Contracting Parties gua- respectiveSovereigns;Their Brt7a«/c,andMoflChristiau ranty the Partition so stipulated. Majesties promiseto proceed, bona, side, withjail the Dif-

Article X. patch the same will permit of, to the said Evacuations,

His BritannicMajcfLy shall restore to France the Island the intire Completion whereof they stipulate before the

15th

U(

h

(]*s.

one:.

ft

loij

-hi;

«:ie

(?f-

Vn-

i>

<&i

iifni

Hit

II ii|

ft;

at;

;W)

‘sr,

Jr

ll

W

3 Geo. III. i8° Martiu 579

15th of March next, or sooner ifit can be done; and Their Britannic and Most Christian Majesties further engage, and promise to each other, not to furnish any Succours, of any Kind, to their respective Allies, who shall continue engaged in the War in Germany.

Article XVI.

The Decision of the Prizes made, in Time of Peace, by the Subjects of Great Britainon the , shall be referred to the Courts of Justice of the Admiralty of Great Britain, conformably to the Rules established among all Nations, so that the Validity of the said Prizes, between the British ami Spanish Nations, shall be decided and judged, according to the Law of Nations, and according to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation, who shall have made the Capture.

Article XVII.

His Britannic Majesty shall cause to be demolished all the Fortifications which His Subjects shall have erected in the Bay of Honduras, and other Places of the Territory of Spain in that Part of the World, Four Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty: And his Catholic Majesty shall not permit His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, or their Workmen, to be disturbed, or molested, under any Pretence whatsoever, in the said Places, in their Occupation of cutting, loading, and carrying away Logwood: And for this Purpose, they may build without Hindrance, and occupy without Interruption, tireIloufes and Magazines which are necessary for them, for their Families, and for their Effects: And his Catholic Majesty assures to them, by this Article, the full Enjoyment of those Advantages, and Powers, on the Spanish Coasts and Territories, as above stipulated, immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

Article XVIII.

His Catholic Majesty desists, as well for himself, as for his Successors, from all Pretension, which he may have formed, in favour of the and other

his Subjects, to the Right of Fishing in the Neighbourhood of the Island of Newfoundland.

Article XIX.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to Spain all the Territory which he has conquered in the 1/land of Cuba, with the Fortress of the Havana, and this Fortress, as well as all the other Fortrefies of the said Island, shall be restored in the same Condition they were in when conquered by His Britannic Majesty’s Arms; provided, that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Island, restored to Spain by the present Treaty, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, shall have Liberty to fell their Lands, and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bring away their Effects, as well ajs their Persons, on board Vessels which they shall be permitted to send to the said Island restored as above, and which shall serve for that Use only, without being restrained on account of their Religion, or under any other Pretence whatsover, except That of Debts, or Criminal Prosecutions: And for this Purpose, the Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His Britannic Ma-jefiy’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty: But as the Liberty, granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to bring away their Persons, and their Effects, in Vessels of their Nation, may be liable to Abuses, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has been expressly agreed, between His Britannic Majesty and his Catholic Majesty, That the Number of Vessels, which shall have Leave to go to the said Iftitnd restored to-Spain, shall be limited, as well as the Number of Tons of each one; that they shall go in Ballast; shall let Sail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only; all the Eft efts belonging to the being to be embarked at the same Time: It has been further agreed, That his Catholic Majesty shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said Vessels^ that, for the greater Security, it shall be allowed to placeTwo Vox. 29.

Spanish Clerks, or Guards, in each of the fr.id Vessels, which shall be visited in the Landing-places, and Ports of the said Island restored to Spain, and that the Merchandizes, which shall be found therein, shall beeonfifeated.

Article XX.

In consequence of the Restitution stipulated in the preceding Article, his Catholic Majesty cedes and guaranties, in full Right, to His Britatinic Majesty, Florida, with Fort St. Augustin, and the Bay of as well

as all that Spain possesses on the Continent of North America, to the East, or to the South East, of the River Mississippi. And, in general, every thing that depends on the said Countries, and Lands, with the Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights, acquired by Treaties or otherwise, which the Catholic King, and the Crown of Spain, have had, till now, over the said Countries, Lands, Places, and their Inhabitants; so that the Catholic King cedes and makesover the Whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most ample Manner and Form. His Britannic Majesty agrees, on His Side, to grant to the Inhabitants of the Countries, above ceded, the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He will consequently give the most express and the most effectual Orders, that His new Roman Catholic Subjects may profess the Wor/liip

of their Religion, according to the Rites of the Romijk Church, as far as the Law's of Great Britain permit: His Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the Spanish Inhabitants, or others who had been Subjects of the Catholic King in the said Countries, may retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they think proper; and may fell their Estates, provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: The Term, limited for this Emigration, being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty. It is moreover stipulated, that his Catholic Majesty shall have Power to cause all the Effects, that may belong to him, to be brought away, whether it be Artillery, or other Things.

Article XXI.

The French and Spanish Troops shall evacuate all the

Territories, Lands, Towns, Places, and Castles, of his Most Faithful Majesty, in Europe, without any Re* serve, which shall have been conquered by the Armies of France and Spain, and shall restore them in the same Condition they wrere in when conquered, with the same Artillery, and Ammunition, which was found there i And with regard to the Portuguese Colonies in America, Africa, or in the East Indies, if any Change shall have happened there, all Things shall be restored on the same Footing the y were in, and conformably to the preceding Treaties which subsisted between the Courts of,

Spain, and Portugal, before the present War.

Article XXII.

All the Papers, Letters, Documents, and Archives, which were found in the Countries, Territories, Towns, and Places, that are restored, and those belonging to the Countries ceded,/hall be, respectively and bona fide, delivered, or furnished at the same Time, if possible, that Possession is taken, or, at latest, Four Months after tire Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, ip whatever Places the said Papers or Documents may be found.

Article XXIII.

All the Countries and Territories, which may have been conquered, in whatsoever Part of the World, by the Arms of Their Britannic and Most Faithful Majesties, as well as by those of their Most Christian and Catholic Majesties, which are not included in the present Treaty, either under the Title of Ce/fions, or under the Title of Restitutions, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation

Article

Peace

with

France

and

Spain.

Peace

with

France

and

jSpain.

580 18 0 Mar ti176:3.

Article XXIV.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Restitutions, and the Evacuations, to be made by each of the High Coat rafting Parties ;it is agreed, that the British and French Troops shall eompleat, before the 15 th of March next, all that shall remain to be executed oi' the XIIth and Xlllth Articles of the Preliminaries, signed the 3d of November last, with Regard to the Evacuation to be made in the Empire, or elsewhere. The Island of BellciJle shall be evacuated Six Weeks after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the prefect Treaty, or sooner if it oati be done. . Deg-

rade, Marie Galante, Martinico, and St. Lucia, Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. Great Britain #lall likewise, at the End of Three Months after the Exohange of the Ratifications, of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be <lone, enter into the Possessiou of the River and Port of the Mobile, and of all that is to form the Unfits of the Territory of Great,

of. the Side of the River Mississippi, as they are specified in the Vllth Article. The liland of shall be evacuated by Great Britain, Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and tlje.Mand of Minorca, by France, at the same Epoch, or fopner if it can be done: And, according to the Conditions of the Vlth Article, France shall likewise enter into Possession of the Islands of St. Peter, and of quelon, at the End of Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty. The Factories in the East Indies shall be restored Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. The Fortressesof the Havana, with all that has been conquered in the liland of shall be restored Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done: Aiifl,pX. the same Time, Great Britain shall enter intpPpfleflion of the Country ceded by according to the XXfh Article. AH the Places and Countries of His Molt Faithful Majesty, in shall be

restored immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and the Colo-

nies, which may have been conquered, shall be.rellored in the Space of Three Months in the Indies, and of Six Monllis in the East Indies, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. All the Fortrefies, the Rcftjtution whereof is ftipqlated above, shall he restored, with the Artillery and Ammunition which were found there at the r, Tinie of the Cqnquest. In Consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the High, Con-t rafting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships that shall carry them, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article XXV.

IRs Britannic Majesty, as Elector of Brunfivic Lvnen-bourg, as well for llimself, as for His Ileirs and Successors, and all the Dominions and Possessions of His said Majesty in Germany, are included and guarantied by. the present Treaty of Peace.

Article XXVI.

Their Sacred Britannic, MollChristian, and Catholic, Most.Faithful Majesties, promise to observe, sincerely and bona fide, all the Articles contained and settled in the present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects; And the said High Contracting Parties, generally and reciprocally, guaranty to each other all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Article XXVII,

' The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, expedited in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Paris, between the High Contrafting Parties, in the Space of a-Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the.Signature of the present Treaty.

.In Witness whereof, we the underwritten} Their Alphafladors Extraordinary, and Miniftecs Plenipo* tentiary, have signed yvfth our Hand, in Their Name> and in Virtue of our Full Po.wers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused thp Seal of our A rips to be pyt thereto.

Doi>e at Paw, the goth of February 1.763.

BEDFORD, C. P. S. CHOISEUL, El Marq* <Je (L.S, Due de Prof in, GRIM ALDI*

(L.S.)'

Separate Articles.

I.

Some of the Titles made life of by the Contrafting Parties, either in the Full Powers, and other Acts, during the Course of the Negotiation, or in the Preamide of |hq present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged; it l\as been agreed, that no Prejudice.fli fil ever result therefrom to any of the, laid.Contrafting Parties, and that the Titles, taken or omitted, on either Side, on oecaiion of the laid Negotiation, and of (he present Treaty, shall not be cited, or quoted as.a Precedent.

II.

It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made nle of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, shall not become an Example, which may be alleged, or made a Precedent of, or prejudice, in any Manner, any of the Contrafting i owers; and that they shall conform themselves, for the future, to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regaid to, and on the Part of Powers, who are itfed, and have a Right, to give and receive Copjos of like Treaties in another Language -than French-, the present Treaty having still the same Force and Eflcft, as if the aforesaid Cullqm had been therein observed.

m.

Though the King of Portugal has not signed the present Definitive Treaty, Their Britannic, MollChristian, and Catholic Majesties, acknowledge, nevertheless, that his Moll Faithful Majesty is formally included therein as a Contrafting Party, and as if he had expressly signed the said Treaty: Consequently, Their Britannic, Mod Christian, and Catholic Majesties, respectively and conjointly, promise to his Moll Faithful Majesty, in the moll exprest and moll binding Manner, the Execution of all and every the Clauses, contained in the sted Treaty, on his Act of Accession.

The present Separate Articles shall have the same Force as if they were inserted in the Treaty.

In Witness whereof, yve the underwritten Ambafla-dors Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary of Their Britannic, Moll Christian, and Catholic Majesties, have ligned the present Separate Articles, and have caused the Seal 01 our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris the 10th of February, 1763.

BEDFORD, C. P. S. CHOISEUL, El Marq1 de (L.S.) ' Due de PrajGRIMALDI.

(L.

GEORGE R.

George the Third} by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brnnswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, fife. To all and singular to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Whereas, in order perfect the Peace between Us and Our good Brother the Moll Faithful King, on the one Part, and Our good Brothers the Moll Christian and Catholic Kings, on the other, which, has been happily begun by the Preliminary Articles already signed at Fontainebleau the 3d. of this Month, and to bring the feme to the desired 'End; We

have'

Geo. Ilf.

18 "Jrfartii

have thought proper to invert some fit Person, with full Authority, on Our Part; Know ye, that We, having most intire Confidence in the Fidelity, Judgment, Skill, and Ability in managing Affairs of the greatest Confe-qnenco, of Our Right iVully and Right Intirely Beloved Cousin and Councillor, Duke and Farl of Bedford, Marquiss of 7 mry/Zoo-/-, Baron Baron Ru/Jcl of Thornhaugh, and Baron of Streafham, Lieutenant General of Our Forces, Keeper of Onr Privy Seal, Lieutenant and Custos Rotulormn of the Counties of Bedford and Deiwn, Knight of Our Most Noble Order of the Garter, and Our Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Our good Brother the Moll Christian King, have nominated, made, cou-stituted, and appointed, as by these Presents, We do nominate, make, constitute, and appoint him, Our true, certain, and undoubted Minister, Commissary, Deputy, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary, giving to Him all and all Manner of Power, Faculty, and Authority, as well asOnr general and special Command (yet so that the General do not derogate from the Special, or on the contrary) for Us and in Our Name, to meet and confer, as well singly and separately, as jointly and in a Body, with the Atnbafiadors, Coinn.iflaries, Dejmties, and Plenipotentiaries of the Princes whom it may concern, verted with sufficient Power and Authority for that Purpose, and with them to agree upon, treat, consult, and conclude concerning the re-establishing, as Toon as may be, a firm and lading Peace, and sincere FriendfJtip and Concord; and whatever flta.ll be agreed and concluded, for Us and in Our Name, to sign, and to make a Treaty or Treaties, on what shall have been so agreed and concluded, and to traulacf every thing else that may belong to the happy Completion of the aforesaid Work, in as ample Manner and Form, and with the same Force and Effect, as We Ourselves, if we were present, could do and perform; engaging and promising, on our Royal Word, that We will approve, ratify, and accept, in the heft Manner, whatever f hall happen to be trap failed and concluded by Our said Plenipotentiary, and that We will never fuller any Person to infringe or act contrary to the fame, either in the Whole or in Part. In Witness and Confirmation whereof, We have caused Our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with Our Royal Hand. Given at Our Palace of St.James's the 12th Day of November 1761,

in the Third Year of Our Reign.

LEWIS, by the Grace of God, King of France and NavaiSc, To all who shall fee these Presents, Gi eeting. Whereas file Preliminaries, signed at Fontainebleau the 3d of November of the lall Year, laid the Foundation of the Peace re-established between Us and Our Mod Dear and Moll Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Spain, on the One Part, and Our Mod Dear and Most Beloved good Brother the King of Great Britain, and Our Most Dear and Most Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Portugal, ou the other. We have had nothing more at Heart, since that happy Epoch, than to consolidate and strengthen, in the most lading Manner, so salutary and so important a Work, by a solemn and Definitive Treaty between Us and the said Powers. For these Causes, and other good Considerations, Us thereunto moving, We trusting intirely in the Capacity and Experience, Zeal and Fidelity for Our. Service, of Our Most Dear and Well-beloved Cousin, Cafar GabrieldeChofeul, Duke of PrajlinPeer

of France, Knight of Our Orders, Lieutenant General of Our Forces and of the Province of Coun-

cillor in all Our Councils, Minister and Secretary of State, and of Our Commands and Finances, We have named, appointed, and deputed Him, and by tiiefe Presents, signed with Our Hand, do name, appoint, and depute Him, Our Minister Plenipotentiary, giving VoL. 29.

Him full and absolute Power to a# in that Qualify; pMce and to confer, negotiate, treat, and agree, jointly with with the Minister Plenipotentiary of Our Most Dear and Franc# Most Beloved good Brother the King of Great the Minister Plenipotentiary of Onr Molt Dear and Most Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Spain, and the Minister Plenipotentiary of Our Moil Dear and Most Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Portugal, verted with Full Powers, in good Form, to agree, conclude, and sign, such Articles, Conditions, Conventions, Declarations, Definitive Treaty, Accefiions, and other Acts whntfoCver, that He thall judge proper for fectiring and strengthening the great Work of Peace, the Whole with the same Latitude and Authority that We Ourselves might do, if We were there in Person, even though there should be something which might require a more special Order than w hat is contained in these Presents, promising, on the Faith and Word of a King, to approve, keep firm and liable for ever, to fulfil and execute-punctually, all that Oursaid Cousin, the Duke of Prajlin, shall have stipulated, pre-mifed, and signed in virtue of the present fid! Power, without ever acting contrary thereto, or permitting any thing contrary thereto, for any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever, as also to cause onr Letters of Ratification to be expedited in good Form, mid to cause them to be delivered, in Order to be exchanged within the Time that shall be agreed upon. For such is Our Pleasure. In Witness whereof. We have caused Our Seal to be put to these Presents. Given at the 7th

Day of the Month of February, in the Year of Grace 1763, and of Our Reign the Forty Eighth. Signed Lewis, and ou the Fold, By the King,-The Duke of Choiseul.Sealed with the Great Seal of Yellow Wax.

DON CARLOS, by the Grace of God, King of Cajlille, of Ison, of Arragon, of the T100 Sicilies, of Jerusalem, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of,

of Galicia, of Majorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, Of Cordova, of CorJica, of Murcia, of Jean, of the of Algecira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary , of the

East and West Indies, Jfiands and Continent, of the Ocean, Arch-Duke of AuJiria, Duke of Burgundy, of Brabant and Milan, Count of llapjbourg, of Flanders, of Tirol and Barcelona-, Lord of B if cay and of &e.

Whereas Preliminaries of a solid and bailing Peace between this Crown, and that of France on the One Part, and that of England and Portugal on the other, were concluded and signed in the Royal ilefidence of Fontainebleau, the 3d of November of the present Year, and the respective Ratifications thereof exchanged on the 22d of the same Month, by Ministers authorized for that Purpose, wherein it is promised, that a Definitive Treaty should be forthwith entered upon, having established and regulated the chief Points upon which it is to turn: And whereas in the same Manner as I granted to You, D on Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis do Grimaldi,

Knight of the Order of the Holy Ghost, Gentleman of My Bedchamber with Employment, and My Ambassador Extraordinary to the Moll Christian King, My Full Power to treat, adjust, and lign the before-mentioned Preliminaries, it is necessary to grant the same to You, or to some other, to treat, adjust, and sign the promised Definitive Treaty of Peace as aforesaid: Therefore, as You the said Don Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis de Grimaldi, are at the convenient Place, and as I have every Day fresh Motives, from your approved Fidelity and Zeal, Capacity and Prudence, to entrust to You this, and other I ike Concerns of my Crown, I hove appointed You My Minister Plenipotentiary, and granted to You My Full Power, to the End that, in my Name, arid representing My Person, You may treat, regulate, settle and sign the said Definitive Treaty of Peace between My Crow n, and That gf France on the one Part,

7 H lliut

Peace

with

France

«nd

Spain.

18° Mart'ti. A. 1763.

That of England, and Tint of Portugal on the other,

with the Ministers who lluill be equally and specially authorized by their respective Sovereigns for the same Purpose; acknowledging, as I do from this Time acknowledge, as accepted and ratified, whatever you shall so treat, conclude and figti; promising on My Royal Word, that I will observe and fulfill the fame, will cause it to be observed and fulfilled, as if it had been treated, concluded and signed by Myself. In Witness whereof, I have caused these Presents to he dispatched, ligned by My Hand, sealed with My Privy Seal, and countersigned by My underwittten Councillor of State, and First Secretary for the Department of State and War. Bucn retiro, the Tenth of December, 1762.

(Signed) I THE KING.

(And lower) Richard trail.

Translation of the Declaration of His Most Christian Majesty’s Plenipotentiary, with regard to the Debts due to the Canadians, dated Paris, February 10th, -»763-

DECLARATION.

The King of Great Britain having desired, that the Payment of the Letters of Exchange and Bills, which had been delivered to the Canadians for the Necessaries furnished to the French Troops, should be secured, His Most Christian Majesty, intirely disposed to render to every one that Justice which is legally due to them, has declared, and does declare, that the said Bills, and Letters of Exchange, shall be punctually paid, agreeably to a Liquidation made in a convenient Time, according to the Distance of the Places, and to what shall be possible, taking Care, however, that the Bills and letters of Exchange, which the French Subjects may have at the Time of this Declaration, be not confounded with the Bills and Letters of Exchange, which are in the Possession of the new Subjects of the King of Great Britain.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Minister of His Molt Christian Majesty, duly authorized for this Purpose, have signed the present Declaration, andcaufed the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

' Done at Paris the 1 oth of February 1763,

CHOISEUL, Due De

(L. S.J

Translation of the Declaration of His Majesty’s Am-baflador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, with regard to the Limits of Bengal in the Fuji Indies, dated Paris, February 10th 1763.

We the underwritten Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the King of Great Britain, in order to prevent all Subject of Dispute on Account of the Limits of the Dominions of the Subah of Bengal, as well as of the Coai't of Coromandel and declare,

in the Name and by Order of His said Britannic Majesty, that the said Dominions of the Subah of Bengal shall be reputed not to extend farther than Yanaon exclusively, and that Yanaon shall be considered as included in the North Part of the Coast of Coromandel or Orixa.

In Witness whereof, We the underwritten Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, have ligned the present Declaration, and have caused. the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris the loth of February 1763.

BEDFORD, C. P. S.

anflation of the Definitive Treaty, and Three separate Articles, between His Majesty, the Catholic King, and the Most Christian King, signed at the 10th February 1763; with the full Powers of the respective Ministers.

In the Name of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Gliolt. So be it.

Bo it known to all those to whom it shall, or may, in any Maimer, belong.

It has plea fed the Most High to riiflufe the Spirit of Union and Concord among the Princes, whole Divisions had spread Troubles in the Four Parts of the World, and to inspire them with the Inclination to cause the Comforts of Peace to fncceed to the Misfortunes of a long and bloody War, which, having aril’en between EnglandaM France, during the Reign of the Moll Serene and Most Potent Prince, George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great of Glorious

Memory, continued under the Reign of the Moll Serene and Most Potent Prince, George the Third, His Success’or, and, in its Progress, communicated itself to Spain and Portugal: Consequently, the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, George the '1 bird, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lvnenbourg, Arch Treasurer, and

Elector, of the Holy iRoman Empire; the Melt Serene and Moll Potent Prince, Charles the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Spain and of the Indies-, the Molt Serene and Most Potent Prince, the Fif-

teenth, by the Grace of God, Mod Christian King; after having laid the Foundations of Peace in the Preliminaries, signed at Fontainebleau the Third of A last; and the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, Don Joseph the First, by the Grace of God, King of Portugal and of the Algarves, after having acceded thereto:

determined to compleat, without Delay, this great ana important Work. For this Purpose, the High Contracting Parties have named and appointed thqir respective Ambassadors Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary, viz. His Sacred Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Most Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord John Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Tav [flock, &c. His Minister of State, Lieutenant General of His Armies, Keeper of His Privy Seal, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Mod Christian Majesty; His Sacred Majesty the Catholic King, the Most Illustrious ami Most Excellent Lord, Don Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis de Grimaldi, Knight of the Most Christian King’s Orders, Gentleman of his Catholic Majesty’s BedChamber in Employment, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Most Christian Majesty; H is Sacred Majesty the Most Christian King, the Most Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord I

de Choijeul, Duke of Prajlin, Peer of France, Knight

of his Orders, Lieutenant General of his Armies, ami of the Province of Britu)ty, Councillor in all his Councils, and Minister and Secretary of State, and of his Commands and Finances; His Sncred Majesty tho Most Faithful King, the Most Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord, Martin de MeUo and Cajlro, Knight Professed of the Order of of his Most Faithful

Majesty’s Council, and his Ambassador, and Minister Plenipotentiary, to his Most Christian Majesty.

Who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, in good Form, Copies whereof are transcribed at the End of the present Treaty of Peace, have agreed upon the Articles, the Tenor of which is as follows.

Art. I. 'flier*

3 Geo. III. 18 ' Mdrtii583

Art. I.

There shall be a Christian, univerlaf, and perpetual Peace, as we!! by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and constant Friendlfiip shall be rc-established between their

Britannic, Catholic, Most Christian, and Most Faithful Majesties, and between their Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms; Dominions, Provinces, Countries, Subjects, and Vassals, of what Quality or Condition soever they be, without Exception of Places or of Persons: So that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatest Attention to maintain between themselves and their Paid Dominions and Sul^jects, this reciprocal Frietidship and Correspondence, without permitting, on either Side, any Kind of Hostilities, by Sea or by Land, to be committed, from henceforth, for any Canfe, or under any Pretence whatsoever, and every thing shall be carefully avoided, which might, hereafter, prejudice the Union happily rc-established, applying themselves, on the contrary, on every Occasion, to procure for each other whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interests, and Advantages, without giving any Abidance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who would cause any Prejudice to either of the High Contracting Parties: There shall be a general Oblivion of every Thing that may have been done or committed before, orfince, the Commencement of the War, which is just ended.

Art. II.

The Treaties of Westphalia of 1648; those of Madrid between the Cro\vn6 of Great Britain and Spain of 1667 and 1670; the Treaties of Peace of 1678

and 1679; of Rvfiocykof; 697; those of Peace and of Commerce of Utrecht of 1713; that of Baden of 1714; the Treaty of the Triple Alliance of the Hague of 1717; that of the Quadruple Alliance of London of 1718; the Treaty of Peace of Vienna of 1738; the Definitive Treaty of Aix laChapelle of 1748; and that

of Madrid, between the Crowns of Great Britain and

Spain, of 1750; as well as the Treaties between the Crowns of Spain and Portugal, of the 13th February 1668 j of the 6th February 1715; and of the 12th. February 1761; and that of the nth 4pr'd 1713, between France and Portugal, with the Guaranties of Great Britain; serve as a Bafts and Foundation to the Peace, and to the presentTreaty: And for this Purpose, they are all renewed and confirmed in the bell Form, as well as all the Treaties in general, which fub-fifted.between the High Contracting Parties before the War, as if they were inserted here Word for Word, so that they are to be exactly observed, for the future, in their whole Tenor, and religioully executed on all Sides, in all their Points which shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty, notwithstanding all that may have been stipulated to the contrary by any of the High Contracting Parties: And all the said Parties declare. That they will not fuller any Privilege, Favour, or Indulgence, to subsist, contrary to the Treaties above confirmed, except what shall have been agreed and Aipulated by the present Treaty.

Art. III.

All the Prisoners made, on all Sides, as well by l^and, as by Sea, and the -Hostages carried away, or given, during the War, and to this Day, shall be re-ftoied, without Kan tom, Six Weeks, at laleft, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratification of the present Treaty, 'each Crown oespectively paying the Advances, which shall have been made for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the atteded Receipts and Efu mates, and other authentic Vouchers, vwhieh shall be furnished on one Side and the other: And Securities shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners shall have contracted in the Counr tries where they tuve been detained, until their intire Vob. 29.

Liberty. And nil thp Ships of War and Merchant Vessels, which shall have been taken, since the Expira* lion of the Terms agreed on for the Ceflatioa of Hostilities by Sea, shall be likewise restored with

all thefr Crews, and Cargoes: And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty.

Art. IV.

His Most Christian Majesty renounces all the PrCten-fions which he has heretofore formed, or might form* to Nova Scotia, or Acadia, in all its Parts, and guaram ties the whole of it, and with all its Dependencies, to the King of G reat Britain: Moreover, His Most Chris-

tian Majesty cedes, and guaranties to His said Britannic Majesty, in full Right, Canada, with all its Dependent cies, as well as the Island of Cape Breton, and all the other Islands, and Coasts, in the Gulph and River of St.Laurence, and, in general, every thing that depends on the said Countries, Lands, islands, and Coasts, with the Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights acquired by Treaty or otherwise, which the Most Christian King, and the Crown of France, hove had, till now, over the said Countries, Islands, Lands, Places, Coasts, and their Inhabitants, so that the Most Christian King cedes and makes over the whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most ample Manner and Form, without Restriction, and without any Liberty to depart from the said Cefiion and Guaranty, under any Pretence, ortodisturb Great Britain in the Possessions above mentioned. His Britannic Majesty, on His Side, agrees to grant the Liberty of the Catholic Religion to the Inhabitants of He will, consequently, give the most precise and most effectual Orders, that His new Rowan Catholic Subjects may profess the Worship of their Religion, according to the Rites of the Romish Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit. His Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the French Inhabitants, or others who had been Subjects of the Most Christian King in Canada, may retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they shall think proper, and may fell their Estates, provided it be to Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, and bring away their EffeCls, as weH as their Persons, without being feftrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: The Term limited for this Emigration shall be fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Art. V.

The Subjects of France shall have the Liberty of Fishing and Drying, on a Part of the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland, such as it is specified in the Xlllth Article of the Treaty of w such Article

is renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, (except what relates to the Island of Cape Breton, as well as to the other Islands and Coasts, in the mouth and in the Gulph of St. Laurence:) And His Britannic Majesty coufents to leave to the Subjects of the Most Christian King the Liberty of Fishing in the Gulph, on Condition that the Subjects of France do not ex-fercife the said Fishery, but at the Distance of Three Leagues from all the Coasts belonging to Great Britain, as well those offhe Continent, as those of the Island? situated in the said Gulph of St. Laurence. And as to what relates to the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Cape Breton out of the said Gulph, the Subjecte of the Most Christian King shall not be permitted to exercise the said Ffthery, but at the Distance of Fifteen Leagues from the Coalts of the Island of Cape Breton; and the Fishery on t|ie Coasts of Nova Scotia or Acadia, pud every where else out of the said Gulph, shall ipmail) pu the Foot of former Treaties.

Art, VF The

Peatt

with

France

am!

Spain*

Per.ce

vuitii F ance and Sf air.

584

8° Mar

Art. VI.

The Kin" of Great Britain cedes the Islands of St. Peter and Miquelon, in full Right, to His Most Christian Majesty, to serve as a Shelter to the French Fishermen: And his said Moil Christian Majesty engages not to fortify the said Islands; to erect no Buildings upon them, but merely lor the Convenience of the Fishery; and to keep upon them a Guard of Fifty Men only for the Police.

Art. VII.

In order to re-establish Peace on solid and durable Foundations, and to remove forever all Subject of Dispute with regard to the Limits of the and

French Territories on the Continent It is

agreed, that, for the future, the Confines between the Dominions of His Britannic Majesty, and those of His Moll Christian Majesty, in that Part of the World, shall be fixed irrevocably by a Line drawn along the

A. 17 63.

Christian Majesty shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said Vessels; that, for the greater Security, it shall be allowed Two French Clerks, or Guards, in each of the said Vessels, which shall be' visited in the landing Places, and Ports of the said Islands, and Places, restored to , and that the

Merchandize, which shall be found therein, shall be confiscated.

Art. IX.

The Moll Christian King cedes and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty, in full Right, the Islands of

and of the Grenadines, with the fanie Stipulations in

Favour of the Inhabitants of this Colony, inserted in the IVth Article for those of Canada: And the Partition of the Islands, called Ne, is agreed and fixed, , so that those of St. Vincent, and , shall

remain in full Right to Great Britain, and That of St. Lucia shall be delivered to to enjoy the fame'

middle of the River Miffijippi, from its Source to the likewise in full Right; and the High Contracting Par-

River Iberville, and from thence, by a Line drawn along the middle of this River, and the Lakes and Pont char train, to the Sea; and for this Purpose, the Most Christian King cedes, in fulI.Right, and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty, the River and Port of the Mobile, and every Thing which He possesses, or

ought to possess, on the left Side of the River except the Town of New Orleans, and the I (land in which it is situated, which shall remain to provided that the Navigation of the River shall be equally free, as well to the Subjects of Great Britain, hs to those of France, in its whole Breadth and Length, from its Source to the Sea, and expressly that Part which is between the said Island of New Orleans, and the Right Bank of that River, as well as the Passage both in and out of its mouth; It is further stipulated.

ties guaranty the Partition so stipulated.

Art. X.

His Britannic Majesty shall restore to France the Island of Gorec, in the Condition it was in when conquered: And his Most Christian Majesty cedes, in full Right, and guaranties to the King of Great Britain, the River Senegal, with the Forts and Factories of St. Lewis, Podor, and Galam;and with alL the Rights

and Dependencies of the said River Senegal.

Art. XI.

In the East Indies, Great Britain shall restore to

France, in the Condition they are now in, the different Factories, which that Crown possess'ed, as well on the Coast oi Coromandel, and Orix as on that oi Malabar,

as also in Bengal, in the Beginning of the Year 1749.

that the Vessels belonging to the Subjects of either And his Most Christian Majesty renounces ail Prelen

Nation, shall not be flopped, visited, or subjected to the Payment of any Duty whatsoever. The Stipulations, inserted in the IVth Article, in Favour of the Inhabitants of Canada, shall also take place, with regard to the Inhabitants of the Countries ceded by this Article.

Art. VIII.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to France lie Islands. oi Guadeloupe, of Marie Galante, of Degrade, of Marlinico, and of llelleijle; and the Fortresses

oi thele Islands shall he restored in the same Condition they were in, when they were conquered by the British Arms; provided that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Islands, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, or in the other Places restored to France by the present Treaty, shall have Liberty to fell their Lands and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bring away their Kffe6ts, as well as their Persons, on board Vessels, which they shall be permitted to fernl to the said Islands, and other Places restored as above, and which shall i’erve for this Use only, without being restrained on Account of their Religion, or under any nt her Pretence whail'oever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: And for this Purpose, the

Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; but, as the Liberty granted to His Majesty’s,

Subjects, to bring away their Persons audtheir Eflfeds, in Sreffels of their Nation, may be liable to Abuses, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has been expressly agreed between His Britannic Majesty and his Most Christian Majesty, that the Number of

lion to the Acquisitions which he had made on the Coast of Coromandel and Orixa, since the said Beginning of the Year 1749. His Most Christian Majesty shall restore, on his Side, all that he may have conquered from Great Britain, in ihe East Indies, during the present War; and will expressly cause Nattal and Tapanoidly, in the Island of Sumatra, to be restored; he engages further, not to erect Fortifications, or to keep Troops in any Part of the Dominions of the Subah of Bengal. And in order to preserve future Peace on the Coast of Coromandel and Orixa, the and

French shall acknowledge Mahomet Ally Khan for lawful Nabob of the Carnatick, and Salobat sing, for lawful Subah of the Decan; and both Parties shall renounce all Demands and Pretensions of Satisfaction, with which they might charge each other, or their Allies,

for the Depredations, or Pillage, committed, 011 the one Side, or on the other, during the War.

Art. XII.

The Island of Minorca shall be restored to His Britannic Majesty, as well as Fort St. Philip, in the same Condition they were in, when conquered by the Arms of the Most Christian King:; and with the Artillery which was there, when the said Island and the said Fort were taken.

Art. XIII.

The Town and Port of Dunkirk shall be put into the State fixed by the lait Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, and by former Treaties. Hie Cunette shall be destroyed immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, as well as the Forts ami. Batteries which defend the Entrance on the Side of the Sea and Provision shall be made, at the fswneTime, for the Wholesomeness of the Air, and for the Health of the

Englif Vessels, which shall have Lamto f°‘» the saul ,nbabitantJ b some Meam> to the Satisfadicit Wands and Places restored to France shall be limited, of ,be K as well as the Number of Tons of each one; that they ®

shall go in Ballast; shall set fail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only, all the Effects, belonging to the English, being to be embarked at the same It has been further agreed, that his Most

2'ime.

Art. XIV,

France shall restore all the Countries belonging to the EJedlorate of Hanover, to the Landgrave of Hefje, to the Duke of Bruvjwick, and to the Count of La Lippc

3 Geo. III.

18° Martii.

585

Buckebourg, which are, or, shall be occupied by his Mofl Christian Majesty’s Arms: The Fortresses of these.dif-. ferent Countries flia.11 be refiored in the same Condition they were in, when conquered by die French Arms; and the Pieces of Artillery, which shall have been carried ell'ewhere, shall be replaced by the same Number, of the same Bore, Weight, and Metal.

Art. XV.

In case the Stipulations, contained in the XIHth Article of the Preliminaries, should not be completed at the Time of the Signature of the present Treaty, as well with regard to the Evacuations to be made by the Armies of France of the Fortresses of Clever, , Gudders, and of all the Countries belonging to the King of

Prussia, as with regard to the Evacuations to be made by the Britishand French Armies of the Countries which

they occupy in Wefiphalia, I Saxony, on the cer Rhine ,the Upper Rhine, and in all the Empire, and to the Retreat of the Troops into the Dominions of their re-fprciive Sovereigns; Their Britannic, and Mod Christian Mn jellies promise to proceed, bona fide, with all the Dispatch the same will permit of, to the said Evacuations, the intire Completion whereof they stipulate before the 15th of March next, or sooner if it can be done; and Their Britannic and Mod Christian Majesties further engage, and promise to each other, not to furnish any Succours, of any Kind, to their respective Allies, who shall continue engaged in the War in Germany.

Art. XVI.

The Decision of the Prizes made, in Time of Peace, by the Subjects of Great Britain, on the Spaniards, shall be referred to the Courts of Justice of the Admiralty of Great Britain, conformably to the Rules established among all Nations, so that the Validity of the said Prizes, between the Briti/liand Spanish Nations, shall be decided and judged, according to the Law of Nations, and according to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation, who shall have made the Capture.

Art. XVII.

His Britannic Majesty shall cause to he demolished all the Fortifications winch 11 is Subjects shall have erected in the Bay of Honduras, and other Places of the Territory of Spain in that Part of the "World, Four Months

after the Ratification of the present Treaty: And his Catholic Majesty shall not permit His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, or their Workmen, to be disturbed, or mo-lelted, under any Pretence whatsoever, in the said Places, in their Occupation of Cutting, Loading, and parrying away Logwood: And for this Purpose, they may build without Hindrance, and occupy without Interruption, the Houses and Magazines which are necessary for theip, for their Families, and for their Effe6ls: And his Catholic Majesty allures to them, by this Article, the full Enjoyment of those Advantages, and Powers, on the SpanijhCoalls and Territories, as above llipulated, immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

Art. XVIII.

His Catholic Majesty 'defills, as well for himself, as for his Successors, from all Preteiifton, which he may have formed, in favour of the and other

his Subjects, to the Right of Fishing in the Neighbourhood of the I band

An.XIX.

The King of Great Britain shall rellore iq Spain all the Territory which he has conquered in the Illapd of Cuba, with the Fortress of the Havana, and this Fortress, as well as all the other Fortresses of the said Island, shall be retlored in the same Condition they were in when.conquered by His Britannic Majesty’s Arms; provided, that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Island, retlored to Spain by the present Treaty, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, .11)all have Liberty to fqll tjhqir Lands* and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bringaway their jEffe&s,

Vol. 29.

well as their Persons, on board Vessels which they shall be permitted to send to the said Island reftqred as above, and which shall serve for that Use only, without being, reffraioed on account of their. Religion, or under any. other Pretence whatsoever, except That of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: And for this Purpose, the Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty: But as the Liberty, granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to bring an ay their Persons, and their Effects; in Vessels of their Nation, may be liable to Abuses, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has been expressly agreed, between His Britannic Majesty and his Catholic Majesty, That the Number of Vessels, which shall have Leave to go to the said Island rellored to Spain, shall be limited, as well as the Number of Tons of each One; that they shall go in Batlalt; shall set Sail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only; alj the Effects belonging to the English being to be embarked at the same Time: It has been, Inrther agreed. That his Catholic Majesty shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said Vessels; that, for the greater Security, it shall be allowed to place Two Spanish Clerks, or Guards, in each of the said Vessels, which shall be visited in the Landing-places, and Ports of the said Island restored to Spain, and that' the Merchandizes, which shall be found therein, shall be confiscated.

Art. XX.

In consequence of the Rest.itut.ion llipulated in the -preceding Article, his Catholic Majesty cedes and guaranties, in full Right, to His Britannic Majesty, Floridii, with Fort St.AuguJlin, and the as well

as all that Spain possesses on the Continent of North America, to the East, or to the South Eall, of the R iyer MiJJiJ/ippi. And, in general, every thing that depends on the said Countries, and Lands, with the Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights, acquired by Treaties or otherwise, which the Catholic King, and the Crown of Spain, have had, till now, over the said Countries, Lands, Places, and their Inhabitants; so that the Catholic King codes and makes over the Whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, apff that in the most ample Manner and Form. His Britannic Majesty agrees, on His Side, to grant to the Inhabitants of the Countries, above ceded, the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He will consequently give the moll express and the moll effectual Orders, that His new Roman Catholic Subjects may profess the Worship of their Religion, according to the Rites of the Romish Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain permit: His Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the Spanish Inhabitants, or others who had been Subjects of the Catholic King in the said Countries, may retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they think proper; and may fell their Estates; provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being relirained in their Emigration, under apy Pretencp whatsoever, except that of Debts, qr of (Criminal Rrqfecutions: The Teton, limited for this Emigration, being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of tlife Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, It is moreover ffipulated, that his Catholic MajestV shall have Power to cause all thp Effects that may belong to him, to b$ brought away, whether it be Artillery, or other things. V,

Art. XXI-

Thp Spanish find French Troops shall evacuate all the Territories, Lands, If owns, Races, and Callles, of his, Moss faithful Majesty, ffi Europe, without any Re-(erve, which shall havq been conquered by the Annies of Sjyainpnji f'rappe, and shall reftpre them in the same Cpp^itijjn tjify wqre In cop^uered, with the farab ‘ 7I '..... " Artillery,

P^ace

with

Franc*

and

Spain.

V

Prace

wi^h

France

and

Spam.

18° Mar til.

A< 1763.

Artillery, and Ammunition, which were found there:

: And with regard to the Portuguese Colonies in Africa, or in the East Indies, if any Grange shall have happened there, all 'filings shall be restored on the same Footing the y were in, and conformably to the preceding Treaties which fubiifted between the Courts of Spain, France, and Portugal, before the present War. Art. XXII.

All the Papers, Letters, Documents, and Archives, which were found in the Countries, Territories, Towns, and Places, that are restored, and those belonging to the Countries ceded, shall be, respect! ively and delivered, or furnished at the same Time, if possible, that Possession is takenj or, at latest, Four Mouths after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, in whatever Places the said Papers or Documents may be found.

Art. XXIII.

All the Countries and Territories, which may have been conquered, in whatsoever Part of the World, by the Arms of Their Britannic and Most Faithful Majesties, as well as by those of their Catholic and Most Christian Majesties, which are riot included in the pre-feiit Treaty, either under the Title of Cessions, or under the Title of Restitutions, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Art. XXIV.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Restitutions, and the Evacuations, to be made by each of the High Contracting Parties; it is agreed, that the British and French Troops shall compleat, before the 15 th of March next, all that shall remain to be executed of the XIIth and Xlllth Articles of the Preliminaries, signed the 3d Day of November la A, with Regard to the Evacuation to be made in the Empire, or elsewhere. The I (land of Bclteijk shall be evacuated Six Weeks after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. Gitadcloitpe, Degrade, Marie Galanle, Martinico,.and St. Lucia, Three

Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be dope. Great Britain shall likewise, at the End of Three Months after, the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, ot sooner if it can be done, entei’ into Possession of the ’ River and Port of the Mobile, and of all that is to form the Limits of the Territory of Great Britain, on the Side of the River Miffijjippi, as they are specified in the

Vllth Article. The island of Goree shall be evacuated by 6' real Britain, Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and the iihgid* of Minot *17/, by F 'ranee, at the same Epoch, or sooner if it can be done: And, according to the,’Conditions of the Vlth Article,' France shall like wife enter into Possession of the Islands of $/ Peter, and of Miquelon, at the End of Three Mouths after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Trinity. The Factories in the Fuji Indies shall be restored Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or ftioner if it can be done. The Fortress of the Havana, with all that has been conquered in the Island of shall he restored Three Months1 after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the? present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done'And, at the same Time, Great Britain shall enter inloPuflession of the Country Ceded by Spain, according to the.XXth Article. All the Places and Countries of His.Most Faithful Majesty, in shall be restorecl immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and the'Portuguese-Co-lpuios, which may have been conquered, shall be ref* to red ,in the Space of Three Months in the West a nd of Six.MoivthsSn thefnjt Indies, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be dpht*. ' All the Fortresses, the Restitution wfiere-. of is ilipiilat< d above, shall be restored, with the Artillery and 'Ammunition which were found there-at*the

Time of the Conquest. In Consequence whereof, the-necessary Orders shall be lent by each of the High Contracting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships that shall carry them, immediately after the-Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Art. XXV.

His Britannic Majesty, as Elector of Lunen-

bourg, as well for Himfeif, as for His Hens and Successors, and all the Dominions and Possession* of His said Majesty in Germany, are included and guarantied by the present Treaty of Peace.

Art. XXVI.

Their Sacred Britannic, Catholic, Most Christian, and Most Faithful Majesties. promise to observe, sincerely and bona fide, all the Articles contained and settled in the present Treaty; and they will not fnfirer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects; And the said High Contracting Parties, generally and reciprocally, guaranty to each other all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Art. XXVII.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, expedited in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Paris, between the High Contracting Par*

% % o

ties, in the Space of a Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten, Their Am-baffadors Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary, have signed with our Hand, in Their Name, and in Virtue of our Full Powers, the present Definitive 'Treaty, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris the 10th of February, 1763.

BEDFORD, C. P. S. Ft Marq* de CHOISEUL,

(L. S.) GRIMALDI. Due de Prajlin. (L. S.J

Separate At ti des.

I.

Some of the Titles made use of by the Contracting Powers, either in the Full Powers, and other Acts, during the Course of the Negotiation, or in the Preamble of the present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged; it has been agreed, that no Prejudice shall ever refidt therefrom to any of the said Contracting Parties, and-that the Titles, taken or omitted, on either Side, on occasion of the GiidNegoriation, and of the present Treaty, shall not be cited, or quoted as a Precedent.

‘ ’ ’ ' II.

' It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty; shall not become an Example, which may lie-alleged, or made a Precedent of, or prejudice, in any Manner, any of the Contracting Powers; and that they shall conform themselves, for the future, to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regard to, and on the Part of the Powers, who are used, and have a Right to give and receive Copies of like Treaties* in another Language than French; the present Treaty having still 'the same Force and Effect, as if the aforesaid Custofn had been therein observed.

III.

Though the King of Portugal has not signed the present Definitive.Treaty, Their Britannic, Catholic, and Most Christian Majesties, acknowledge, nevertheless, that his Most Faithful- Majesty is formally included therein as a Contracting Party, and as if he had expressly signed the said Tntaty: Consequently, Their Britannic, Catholic; mid-Most Christian-Majesties, respectively and conjointly, ptomift tp his..Most* Faithful Majesty, in the

most

﻿3 Geo. III. i8° Mart 587

mod express and most binding Menher, the Execution of all and every the Clauses, contained in the said Treaty, on his Act of Accession.

The present Separate Articles shall have the same Force as if they were inserted in the Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ambafla-dors Extraordinary, and Mmilters Plenipotentiary of Their Britannic, Catholic, and Most Christian Majesties, have signed the present Separate Articles, and: have eaufed the Seal of our Anns to be put thereto.

Done at Baris the loth of February 1763.

BEDFORD, C.P. S.El Marq’de CHOISEUL, fL.S.J GRIMALDI. Ducd (L.S.)

GEORGE R.

George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and , Defender of the

Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Treasurer 'and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, tCc. To all and Angular to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Whereas, in order to perfect the Peace between Us and Our good Brother the Most Faithful King, on the one Part, and Our good Brothers the Most Christian and Catholic Kings, on the other, which has been happily begun by the Preliminary Articles already signed at Fontainebleau the 3H of this Month, and to bring the same to the desired End, We have thought proper to invest some fit Perl'on, with full Authority, on Our Part; Know ye, that We, having most intire Confidence in the Fidelity, Judgment, Skill, and Ability in managing Allaire of the greatest Confe-quCliee, of Our Right. Trusty and Right Intirely Beloved Cousin and Councillor, John Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Tavistock, Baron Russel of Cheneys, Baron Rn/lel -of Thomhaugh, and Baron of

Slretham, Lieutenant. General of-our Forces, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorura of the Counties of Bedford and Devon, Knight of Our Most Noble Order of the Garter, and Our Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Our good Brother the Most Christian King, have nominated, made, com -stituted, and appointed, as by these Presents, We do nominate; make constitute, and appoint Him, Our true, ‘certain, and undoubted Minister, Commissary, Deputy, Procurator, and Plenipotentiary, giving to Him all and all Manner of Power, Faculty, and Authority', as well as Our general and special Command (yet lb as tlial the General do not derogate from tfheSpecial, or on the contrary) fin- Us and in Our Name, to meet and confer, as ' well lingly and separately, as'jointly and in a Body, with ' the Ambitffadors, Connniirarics, Deputies, and Plenipo-

tentiaries of the Princes whom it may conceni, veiled willi u licieHt Power and Authority far (hat Purpose,

and with them to agree upon, treat, consult, and conclude concerning the re-i liahlilliing) as lbon as may be, a firm: and lulling Peace, and sincere FriendJhfp iuid Concord;

1 ami whatever find! be so'agreed and concluded, for Us and in Our Name, to lign,' and to make a Treaty or ‘ Treaties, on what shall have been foagreedauxleouchftl-. ed, and to t ran fact every thing else that may. belong < to the happy Completion of the afoej^ifl Work, in as ample Manner and Form, and with Force and

' F.ifebl, as YVe-Ourselves, if We weret^jsfelbntycould do and perform; engaging and promilfog, omOur Rtuynl Word, that We will approv4fcj|iP^y, and accept; .'in

- the heft Manner, w hatever fitalRfappat to be tranla&ed

and concluded by Our fakl Plenipotentiary, and that W e

will never-sufi’er any Pctrlbn to infringe or act contrary to the fame, either in the -Whole Or in-Part. In Witness

- and Confirmation -whereof, We. have eaufed Our Great

‘ Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents,

- VoL. 29.

signed with Our Royal Hand. Given at Our Palace of St. James’s the 12th Day of November 1762, in the Third Year of Our Reign.

DON CARLOS, by the Grace of God, King of tille, of Leon, of Arragon, of the Ttvo Sicilies,

lem, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of Valencia, of.

Galicia, of Majorca, of Seville, of Sardinia, of Cordova, of Corsica, of Murcia, of Jaen, of the Algarves, of Algecira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary //lands, of the East and West Indies, Islands and Continent, of the Ocean, Arch-Duke of Aufiria, Duke o of

Brabant and Milan, Count of of

of Tirol and Barcelona; Lord of Bi/iay and of &c. Whereas Preliminaries of a solid and Jailing Peace between thisCrown, and that of on the One Part, and that of England and Portuga on the other, were . concluded and signed in the Royal Residence of Fontainebleau, the 3d of November of the present Year, and the respective Ratifications thereof exchanged on the 22d of the same Month, by Ministers authorized for, that Purpose, wherein it is promised, that a Definitive Treaty Ihotild be forthwith entered upon, having established and regulated the chief Points upon which it is to turn: And whereas in the same Manner as {.granted, to You, Don Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis tie Grimaldi, Knight of the Order of the Hofv Ghost, Gentleman of My Bedchamber with Employment, and My Ambafla-dor Extraordinary to the Most Christian King, My Full Power to treat, adjust, and sign the before-mentioned Preliminaries, it is uecefliiry to grant the same to You, or to some other, to treat, adjust, aftd sign the promised Definitive Treaty of Peace as aforesaid: Therefore, as You the said Don Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis dg Grimaldi, are at the convenient Place, and as I have every Day fresh Motives, from your approve Fidelity and Zeal, Capacity and Prudence, to entrust to You this, and other like Concerns of My Crown, I have appointed You My Minister Plenipotentiary, and granted to Y ou My Full Power, to the End that, in my Name, and representing My Person, Y ou may treat, regulate, settle and sign the said Definitive Treaty of Peace between My Crown, and That of France on the one Part, That of England, and That of Portugal on the other, with, the Ministers who shall be equally and specially authorized by their respective Sovereigns for the same Purpose; ackriowleging, as Ido from this Time acknow-lege, as accepted and ratified, whatever you shall so treat, conclude and sign; promising on My Royal Word, that I will observe and fulfill the fame, will canfe -It to be' observed and fulfilled, as if it had been treated, concluded and signed by Myself. In Witness -whereof, I have eaufed these Presents to be dispatched, signed by My Hand, sealed with My Privy Seal, and countersigned by M v underwritten Councillor of State, , and First Secretary for the Department of State and of War. Buen Retiro, the Tenth of December, 1762.

(Signed) . I THE KING.

(And lower) , Richard JVall.

.0 L, E W-IS, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarre, To all who shall fee these Presents, Greeting. YY’hereas the Preliminaries, signed at -tdiricTdcau the 3d of Novetbber of the last Year, laid the Foundation, of the Peace re-established between Us and Our Most Dear and Moll Beloved good Brother and CJcrulm ,tlx6 King of Spain, on the one Part, and Our Most Dear and Most Beloved good Brother the King of Great Britain, and Our Most Dear and Most Beloved gbod Brother and Codfin the King of , on the

other* We have had nothing mere at Heart,.since that

happy

p«c«,

with France and Spain.

Peace with . Fhmce and Spain*

588 18" MartiL ^.1763.

happy1 Epoch, than to consolidate andllrengthen, in the' most lofting Manner, so salutary andi so important a Work, by a solemn and Definitive Treaty between Us; and the said Powers. For these Causes, and other good Considerations, Us thereunto moving, We trading intirely in the Capacitv and Experience, Zeal and Fidelity far Our Sen’ice; of Our Most Dear and Well-l>eloved Cousin, Cafar Gabriel deChiiiJeul, Dnke of Praflin, Peer

of Fraiicr, Knight of Our Orders, Lieutenant General

of Our Forces and of the Province of Britain/, Councillor in all Our Councils, VIinifter and Secretary of State, and of Our Commands and Finances, We have named, appointed, and deputed Him, and by these Presents, signed with Our Hand, do name, appoint, and depute Him, Our Minister Plenipotentiary, giving Him full and absolute Power to act in that Quality, and to confer, negotiate, treat, and agree, jointly with the Mihiltef Plenipotentiary, of Our Moit Dear and Most Beloved good Brother the King of the Minister Plenipotentiary of our Most Dear and Most! Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Spain, and the Minister Plenipotentiary of Our Molt Dear and Most Beloved good Brother and Cousin the King of Portugal, veiled with Full’ Powers, in good Form, to agree, conclude, and sign, such Articles, Conditions, Conventions, Declarations, Definitive Treaty, Accession* and other ^cts whatsoever, that He shall judge proper for securing and strengtherting the great Work of Peace, the Whole with the same Latitude and Authority that We Ourselves might do, if Wjf were there iii Person, even though there should be something which' might require a more special Order than what is Chritaiiied in these Presents, proinifing, oh the Faith and Word of a King, to approve, keep firm and liable for ever, to fulfil and execute punctually, all that Our said Cousin, true Duke of Prajlin, shall have stipulated, promised, artd signed in virtue of the present Full Power, without ever acting contrary thereto, or permitting any thing contrary thereto, for auyCause, or under any Pretence whatsoever, as also to eause our Letters of Ratification to be expedited in good Form, and to eause them to be delivered, iii order to be exchanged within the Time that shall be agreed upon. For such is Our Pleasure. Ih Witness whereof, We httve caused Ohr Seal to be put to these Presents. Given at Vtrfailles the 7th Day of the Month of February, in the Year of Grace 1763, and of Our Reign the Forty Eighth) Signed and bn the Fold, By the King, The Duke of Choiseul. 'Scaled with the Great Seal of Yellow Wax-.

Translation oft he Moll Faithfitl King’s Accession to the DefinitiveTreafv and Three separate Articles, signed

at Paris the 1 oth February 1763, with the full Powers of the respective Ministers.

In the Name of the Moll Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So be it.

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong; the Ambassadors and Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty, of his Most Chrillikn Majesty and of his Catholic Majesty, having concluded and signed at Paris, the toth February of this Year, a Definitive Treaty of Peace and feedrate'Articles, the Tenor of which is as follows;

Ih the N&me of the Most Holyand Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So be it.

Be it kftowh to all those to whomit fliklf, Or may, In

any Manner, belofig.

' ' ' ‘ < 1 i , . N,

It has pleased the Most High to Atfftrfe sche'Spiritof - Union and Coueord anving the Prinaw, -whose >Dtivi-

fions had spread Troubles in the Four Parts of the World, and to inspire them with the Inclination to eause the Comforts of Peace to succeed the Misfortunes of a- long and bloody War, which, having arisen between. England and France, during the Reign of the Moll Serene arid Moll Potent Prince, Georg*1 the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, of Glorious Memory, continued under the Reign of the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, George the Third, His Successor, and, in its Progress, communicated itself to Spain and Portugal: Consequently, the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lvnenbourg, Arch Treasurer, and

Elector, of the Holy Homan Empire; the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, Lewthe Fifteenth, by the Grace of God, Most Christian King; the Most Serene and Most Potent Prince, Charles the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Spain and of the Indies; after having laid the Foundations of Peace in the Preliminaries, signed at Fontainebleau the Third of November last; and the Most Serene and most Potent Prince, Don Joseph the First, by the Grace of God, King of Portugal and of the Algarves, after having acceded thereto;

determined to compleat, without Delay, this great and, important Work. For this Purpose; the High Contracting Parties have named and appointed their respective Ambassadors Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipo-i tentiary, viz. His Sacred Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Most Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord John Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Sc. His Minister of State, Lieutenant General of His Armies, Keeper of His Privy Seal, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and His Ambassador- Ext traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to- His-Most Christian Majesty; His Sacred Majesty the Most Chirif-tian King, the Moll Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord Cafar Gabriel deChoifeul, Duke of Prajline, Peer

of France, Knight of his Orders, Lieutenant General of his Armies, and of the Province of Coun-

cillor in all his Councils, and Minister and Secretary of State, and of his Commands and Finances; His Srtcred Majesty the Catholic King, the Most Illustrrous and Most Excellent Lord, Don Jerome Grimaldi, Marquis de Grimaldi, Knight of the Most Christian King’s Orders, Gentleman of his Catholic Majesty’s Bed Chamber in Employment, and his Am ballad or Extraordinary to his Most Christian Majesty; His Sacred Majesty the Mod Faithful King, the Most Illustrious and Most Excellent Lord, Martin de Mello and CafirOi Knight Pro-felTed of the Order of Chris, of his Moll Faithful Majesty’s Council, mid his Anibaflador, and Minister Plenipotentiary, to his Most Christian Majesty.

Who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, in good Form, Copies whereof are transcribed at the End of the present Treaty of Peace, have agreed upon the Articles, the Tenor of which is as follows.

Article I.

There Dial I be a Christian, universal, and perpetual Peace, as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and oonftantFriendship'shall be re-established between their Britannic, Most Christian, Catholic, and Most Faithful Majesties, and between their Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, Countries, Subjects, and Vassals, of what Quality or Condition foeyer they be, without Exception of Places, or of Persons: So that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatefl Attention to maintain between themselves and their laid Dominions and Subjects, this reciprocal Friendship and CotrrefpondeDce, without permitting, on either Side, any Kind of Hostilities, by Sea or by Land, to be com*

mdtted. 'from henceforth, far any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever, and every Thing shall be carp-. fulftjr Avoided, which might, hereafter, prejudice the

Union

V

3 Geo. III. . 18* Marti. 589

Union happily re-established, applying themselves, on laid Countries, Lands, IfjUnris, and Coasts, with the the contrary, on every Occasion, to procure for eaoh Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights ao other whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, quired by Treaty or otherwise, which the Moll Christian Interests, and Advantages, without giving any AIM- King, and the Crown of France, have had till pow, ance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who over the said Countries, Islands, Lands* Places, Coasts, would cause any Prejudice to either of the High Con- and their Inhabitants, so that the Moll Christian King tracking Parties: There Dial I be a general Oblivion of cedes and makes over the whole to the said King, and every Thing that may have been done or committed to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most before, or fmee, the Commencement of the War, which ample Manner and Form, without Restriction, and is just ended. without any Liberty to depart from the said Ceftion and

Article II. Guaranty, under any Pretence, or to disturb Great

The Treaties of Westphalia of 1648; tho fe of Madrid Britain in the Possessions above mentioned. His Britan-between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain of 1667 Majesty, on His Side, agrees to grant the Liberty

and 1670; the Treaties of Peace of Nimuguen of 1678 of tha Catholic Religion to the Inhabitants of Canada! and 1679; of Ryjioidc of 1697; those of Peace and He will, consequently, give the most precise and pi oft of Commerce of Utrecht of 1713; that of Baden of eft'cChial Orders, that His new Homan Catholic Subjects 1714; the Treaty of the Triple Alliance of the Hague may profess the Worship of their Religion, according of 1717; that of the Quadruple Alliance of London to the Rites of the Romish Church, as far as the Lavys of 1718; the Treaty of Peace of Vienna of 1738; the of permit. His Britannic Majesty further

Definitive Treaty of A it la Chupelle of 1748; and that agrees, that the French Inhabitants, or others who had of Madrid, between the Crowns of Great Britain and been Subjects of the Most Christian King in Canada,

Spain, of 1750; as well as the Treaties between the may retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they Crowns of Spain and Portugal, of the 13 th February thall think proper, and may fell their Estates, provided 1668; of the 6th February 1715; and of the 12th it b£ to Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, and bring February 1761; and that of the nth April 1713, away their Effects, as well as their Persons, without be-between France and Portugal, with the Guaranties of ing restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence Great Britain; serve as aBafisand Foundation to the whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal pro-Peace, and to the present Treaty: And for this Purpose, fccutions: The Term limited for this Emigration ftialj they are all renewed and confirmed in the bell Form, be fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be comas well as all the Treaties in general, which subsisted puted from the Day of the Exchange of tfye Rapfjca-between the High Contracting Parties before the War, tions of the present Treaty, as if they were inserted here Word for Word, so that Article V.

they are to be exactly observed, for the future, in their The Subjects of France thall have the Liberty of whole Tenor, and religiously executed on all Sides, in Fiftiing and Drying, on a Part of the Coasts of the all their Points which shall not be derogated from by the Island of Newfoundland, such as it is specified in the present Treaty, notwithstandingall that may have been XIHth Article of the Treaty which Article

llipulated to the contrary by any of the High Contract- is renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, (ex-ing Parties: and all the said Parties declare. That they cept what relates to the Island of Cape Breton, as well will not suffer any Privilege, Favour, or Indulgence, to as to the other Islands and Coasts, in the Month and in subsist, contrary to the Treaties above confirmed, ex- the Gulph of St. Laurence:) And His Britannic cept what shall have been agreed and ftipuJated by the Majesty consents to leave to the Subjects of the Most present Treaty. Christian King the Liberty of fiftiing in the Gulphf

Article III. on Condition that the Subjects of France do

All the Prisoners made, on all Sides, as well by not exercise the said Fishery, but at the Distance of Land, as by Sea, and the Hostages carried away, or Three Leagues from all the Coasts belonging to Great given during the War, and to this Day, shall be re- Britain, as well those of the Continent, as those of the llored, without Ransom, Six Weeks, at latest, to be Islands situated in the said Gulph of St. Laurence. And computed from the Day of the Exchange of tlte ttatifi- as to what relates to the Fishery of the Coasts of the cation of the present Treaty, each Crown respectively Island of Cape Breton out of the said Gulph, the Subpaying the Advances, which shall have been made for jecis of the Most Christian King shall not be permitted the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by to exercise the said Fishery, but at the Distance of the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have Fifteen Leagues from the Coasts of the Island of Cape been detained, according to the attelled Receipts and Breton; and the Fishery on the Coasts of Nova Scotia

Estimates, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall or Acadia, and everywhere else out of the said Gulphf

be furnished on one Side and the other: And Securities shall remain on the Foot of former Treaties, shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts Article VI.

which the Prisoners shall have contracted in the Coun- The King of Great Britain cedes the Islands of St. tries, where they have been detained, until their intire Peter and Miquelon, in full Right, to his Moll Christian Liberty. And all the Ships of War and Merchant Majesty, to serve as a Shelter for the Fishermen;

Vessels, which shall have been taken, since the Expire- And his said Molt Christian Majesty engages not to tion of the Terms agreed on for the Cessation of fortify the said Islands; to erect no Buildings upoq Hostilities by Sea, shall be likewise rellored bona fide, them, but merely for the Convenience the Fishery; with all their Crews, and Cargoes: And the Execution and to keep upon them a Guard of Fifty Men only lor of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately the Police, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty. Article VII.

- Article IV. In order to re-establish Peace on folicl and durable

His Most Christian Majesty renounces all the Preten- Foundations, and to remove for ever all Subject of lions which he has heretofore formed, or might form, to Dispute whh regard to the Limits of the and

Nova Scotia, or Acadia, in all its Parts, and guaranties French Territories on the Continent of America; It is the whole of it, and with all its Dependencies, to the agreed, that, for the future, the Confines between the King of Great Britain: Moreover, his Most Christian Dominions of His Britannic Majesty, and those of Iii9 Majesty cedes, and guaranties to His said Britannic Most Christian Majesty, iu that Part of the World, Majesty, in fullRight, Canada, with all itsDependencies, shall be fixed irrevocably by a Line drawn along the as. well as the Island of Cape Breton, and all the other Middle of the River from ils Source to the

Islands, and Coasts, in the Gulph and River St.Lau-River and from thence, by a Line drawji along

rence, and, in general, every thing that depends on the the Middle of this River, and the Lakes

Vox,. 29. 7 K and

Pc.itfe with b ranee and Spain,

fence

with

France

and

Spain.

59°

and Pontchartrain, to the Sea; and for this Purpose,

the Moll Christian King cedes iu full Right, and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty, the River and Port of the Mobile, and every Thing which He possesses. or ought to polTefs, on the left Side of the River except the Town of New Orleans; and the llland in which it is situated, which shall remain to France-, provided that the Na' igation of the River shall be equally free, as well to the Subjects of Great Britain, as to those of France, in its whole Breadth and length, from its Source to the Sea, and expressly that Part which is between the said llland of New Orleans, anti the Right Bank of that River, as well as the Passage both in and out of its Mouth: It is further stipulated, that the Vessels belonging to the Subjects of either Nation, shall not be Hopped, visited, or subjected to the Payment of any Duty whatsoever. The Stipulations, inserted in the IVth Article, in Favour of the Inhabitants of Canada, shall also take Place, with regard to the Inhabitants of the Countries ceded by this Article.

Article VIII.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to France the Islands of Guadeloupe, of Marie Gaof Defirade, of Martinico, and of Belleijle-, and the Fortresses o’fthefe Islands shall be restored in the same Condition they were in, when they were conquered by the British Arms; provided that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Islands, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, or in the other Places restored to France by the present Treaty, shall have Liberty to fell their Lands and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, on board Vessels, which they shall be permitted to send to the said. Islands, and other Places restored as above, and which shall serve for this Use only, without being restrained on Account of their Religion, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: And for this Purpose, the Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; but, as the Liberty, granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to bring away their Persons and their Effects, in Vessels of their Nation, may be liable to Abuses, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has been expressly agreed between His Britannic Majesty and his Moll Christian Majesty, that the Number of English Vessels, which shall have Leave to go to the said Islands and Places restored to France, shall be limited, as well as the Number of Tons of each one; that they shall go hi Ballad; shall set Sail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only, all the Effects belonging to the English, being to be embarked at the same Time. It has been further agreed, that his Moll Christian Majesty shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said Vessels; that, for the greater Security, it shall be allowed Two French Clerks, or Guards, in each of the said Vessels, which shall be visited in the Landing Places, and Ports of the said Islands, and Places, restored to France, and that the Merchandize, which shall be found therein, shall be confiscated.

Article IX.

The Moll Christian King cedes and guaranties to His Britannic Majesty, in full Right, the Islands of Grenada, and of the Grenadines, with the same Stipulations in Favour of the Inhabitants of this Colony, inserted in the IVth Article for those of CanadaAnd the Partition of the Islands, called Neutral, is agreed and fixed, so that those of St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago, shall remain in full Right to Great Britain, and that That of St. Lucia shall be delivered to France, to enjoy the same likewise in full Right; and the High Contracting Parties guaranty the Partition so stipulated.

Article X.

His Britannic Majesty shall restore to France the llland

176*3.

of Goree, in the Condition it was in when conquered: And his Most Christian Majesty cedes, in full Right, and guaranties to the King of Great Britain, the River Senegal, with the Fortsand Factories of St. Laois, Potior, and Gainin', and with all the Rights and Dependencies of the said River Senegal.

Article XI.

In the East Indies, Great Britain shall restore to France in the Condition they are now in the different Factories, which that Crown possessed, as well on the Coall of Coromandel, and Orix a, as on that of Malabar, as also in Bengal, in the Beginning of the Year 1749. And his Moli Christian Majesty renounces all Pretension to the Acquisitions which he had made on the Coast of Coromandel and Orixa, since the said Beginning of the

Year 1749. His Most Christian Majesty shall restore. on his Side, all that he may have conquered from Great Britain, in the East Indies, during the present War; and

will expressly cause Nattalany Tapanaully, in the llland

of Sumatra, to be restored; he engages further, not to erect Fortifications, or to keep d roops in any Part of the Dominions of the Subah of Bengal. And in order to preserve future Peace on the Coast of Orixa, the English and French shall acknowledge Mahomet Ally Khan for lawful Nabob of the and Salabat sing for lawful Subah of the Decan-, and both Parties shall renounce all Demands and Pretensions of Satisfaction, with which they might charge each other, or their Indian Allies, for the Depredations, or Pillage, committed, on the one Side, or on the other, during the War.

Article XII.

The llland of Minorca shall be restored to His Britannic Majesty, as well as Fort St. Philip, in the same Condition they were in, when conquered by the Arms of the Most Christian King; and with the Artillery which was there, when the said llland and the said Fort were taken.

Article XIII.

The Town and Port of Dunkirk shall be put into the State fixed by the last Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, and by former Treaties. The Cunette shall be destroyed immediately after t he Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, as well as the Forts and Butteries which defend the Entrance on the Side of the Sea; and Provision shall be made, at the same Time, for the Wholesomeness of the Air, and for the Health of the Inhabitants, by some other Means, to the Satisfaction of the King of Great Britain.

Article XlYth.

France shall restore all the Countries belonging to the Electorate of Hanover, to the Landgrave of Ileje, to the Duke of Brunjioick, and to the Count of La Buckeboitrg, which are, or shall be occupied by his Most Christian Majesty’s Arms: The Fortresses of these different Countries shall be restored in the same Condition they were in, when conquered by the French Arms; and the Pieces of Artillery, which shall have been carried elsewhere, shall be replaced by the same Number, of the same Bore, Weight, and Metal.

Article XV’.

In case the Stipulations, contained in the Xlllth Article of the Preliminaries, should not he compleated at the Time of the Signature of the present Treaty, as well with regard to the Evacuations to be made by the Armies of France of the Fortresses of Cleves, Guelders, and of all the Countries belonging to the King of Prussia, as with regard to the Evacuations to be made by the British and French Armies of the Countries u'hich they occupy in Westphalia, Lower Saxony, on the Lower

Rhine, the Upper Rhine, and in all the Empire, ami to the Retreat of the Troops into the Dominions of their respectiveSovercigns;Their Britannic, and Most Christian Majesties promise to proceed, bona < with all the Dispatch the same will permit of, to the said Evacuations, the intire Completion whereof they ltipulate before the

18° M.

3 Geo. III. 180 Martii. 5 91

15th of March next, or sooner if it can be done; and Their Britannic and Most Christian Majesties further engage, and promise to each other, not tofurnith any Succours, of any Kind, to their respective Allies, who shall continue engaged in the War in

Article XVr.

The Decision of the Prizes made, in Time of Peace, by the Subjects of Great Britain, on the Spaniards, shall be referred to the Courts of Justice of the Admiralty of Great Britain, conformably to the Rules established among all Nations, fu that the Validity of the said Prizes, between the British and Nations,

shall be decided and judged, according to the Law of Nations, and according to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation, who ihalJ have made the Capture.

Article XVII.

His Britannic Majesty shall cause to bedemolished all the Fortifications which His Subjects shall have erected in the Bay of Honduras, and other Places of the Territory of Spain in that Part of the World, Four Months after the Ratification of the present Treaty: And his Catholic Majesty shall net permit His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, or their Workmen, to be disturbed, or molested, under any Pretence whatsoever, in the said Places, in their Occupation of Cutting, Loading, and Carrying away Logwood: And for this Purpose, they may build without Hindrance, and occupy without Interruption, the Houses and Magazines which are necessary for them, for their Families, and for their Effects: And his Catholic Majesty assures to them, by this Article, the full Enjoyment of those Advantages and Powers, on the Spani/hCoafts and Territories, as above

stipulated, immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

Article XVIII.

His Catholic Majesty desists, as well for himself, as for his Successors, from all Pretension, which he may have formed, in favour of the Guipufcoans, and other his Subjects, to the Right of Fishing in the Neighbourhood of the Island of Nciufoundland.

Article XIX.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to Spain all the Territory which he has conquered in the Island of Cuba, with the Fortress of the Havana, and this Fortress, as well as all the other Fortresses of the said Island, shall be restored in the same Condition they were in when conquered by His Britannic Majesty’s Arms; provided, that His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, who shall have settled in the said Island, restored to Spain by the present Treaty, or those who shall have any Commercial Affairs to settle there, shall have Liberty to fell their Lands, and their Estates, to settle their Affairs, to recover their Debts, and to bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, on board Vessels which they shall be permitted to send to the said Island restored as above, and which shall serve for that Use only, without being restrained on account of their Religion, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: And for this Purpose, the Term of Eighteen Months is allowed to His tannic Majesty’s Subjects, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty: But as the Liberty, granted to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, to bring away their Persons, and their Effects, in Vessels of their Nation, may be liable toAbufes, if Precautions were not taken to prevent them; it has been expressly agreed, between His Britannic Majesty and his Catholic Majesty, That the Number of English Vessels, which shall have Leave to

go to the said Island restored to Spain, shall be limited, as well as the Number of Tons of each One; that they shall go in Ballast; shall set Sail at a fixed Time; and shall make One Voyage only; all the Effects belonging to the English being to be embarked at the same Time:

It has been further agreed, That his Catholic Majesty shall cause the necessary Passports to be given to the said Vessels; that, for the greater Security, it shall be Vol 29.

allowed to place Two Span Clerks, or Guards; iri each of the said Vessels, which shall be visited in the Landing-places, and Ports of the said Island restored to Spain, and that the Merchandize; which shall be found therein, shall be confiscated.

Article XX.

In consequence of the Rellitution ftipuiateci in the preceding Article, his Catholic Majesty cedes and guaranties, in full Right, to His Britannic Majesty. Florida, with Fort St. Augustin, and the Bay of as

well as all that Spain possesses on the Continent of North America, to the East, or to the South East, of the River Mi/Ji/jippi.And, in general, every thing that

depends upon the said Countries, and Lands, with the Sovereignty, Property, Possession, and all Rights, acquired by Treaties or otherwise, which the Catholic King, and the Crown of Spainhave had, till now, over the said Countries, Lands, Places, and their Inhabitants; so that the Catholic King cedes and makes over the Whole to the said King, and to the Crown of Great Britain, and that in the most ample Manner and Form. His Britannic Majesty agrees, on HiS Side, to grant to the Inhabitants of the Countries, above ceded, the Liberty of the Catholic Religion: He tVill consequently give the most express and the most effectifal Orders, that His new- Roman Catholic Subjects may profeis the Worth ip of their Religion, according to the Rites of the Romifii Church, as far as the Laws of Great Britain

permit: His Britannic Majesty further agrees, that the* Spanish Inhabitants, or others who had been Subjects of the Catholic King in the said Countries, may retire, with all Safety and Freedom, wherever they tli nk proper; and may fell their Estates, provided it be to His Britannic Majesty’s Subjects, and bring away their Effects, as well as their Persons, without being restrained in their Emigration, under any Pretence whatsoever, except that of Debts, or of Criminal Prosecutions: The Term, limited for this Emigration, being fixed to the Space of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty. It is moreover stipulated, that his Catholic Majesty shall have Power to cause all the Effects, that may belong to him; to be brought away, whether it be Artillery, or other Things.

Article XXI.

The French and Spanish Troops shall evacuate all the Territories, Lands, Towns, Places, and Castles, of his Most Faithful Majesty, in Europe, without any Reserve, which shall have been conquered by the Armies of France and Spain, and shall restore them in the same Condition they were in when conquered, with the same Artillery, and Ammunition, which were found there: And with regard to the Colonies in

America, Africa, or in the East Indies, if any Change shall have happened there, all Filings shall be restored on the same Footing the y were in, and conformably to the preceding Treaties which fubfiiled between the Courts of France, Spain, and Portugal, before the present War.

Article XXII.

All the Papers, Letters, Documents, and Archives, which were found in the Countries, Territories,'I owns, and Places, that are restored, and those belonging to the Countries ceded, shall be, respectively and bona fide, delivered, or furnished at the same Time, if possible, that Possession is taken, or, at latest. Four Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, in whatever Places the said Papers or Documents may be found.

Article XXIII.

All the Countries and Territories, which tnay have been conquered, in whatsoever Part of the World, by the Anns of Their Britannic and Most Faithful Majesties, as well as by those of their Most Christian and Catholic Majesties, which are not included in the present Treaty, either under the Title of Cefiions, or under the Title of Restitutions, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article?

Fence

wirh

France

and

Spain-

592

18" Marfu. A. 1763.

Peace . with France and Spain.

Article XXIV.

As it is necessary to assign a fixed Epoch for the Re-flitutions, and the Evacuations, to be made by each of the High Contra^ in" Parties; it is agreed, that the Brit if 1 and French Troops ffia.ll com pleat, before the 15th of March next, all that shall remain to be executed of the XIIth and XHIth Articles of the Preliminaries, signed the 3d Day of November last, with Regard to the Evacuation to be made in the Empire, or else-\vhere. The Kland of Bdlcijle shall be evacuated Six Weeks after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. loupe, Dcfirade, MarieGalanfe, and,

Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. Great Britain shall likewise, at the End of Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done, enter into Possessiou of the River and Port of the Mobile, and of all that is to form the Limits of the Territory of Great Britain, on the Side of the River Mifftfftppias they are specified

in the Vllth Article. The Island of shall be

evacuated by Great Britain, Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and the Island of Minorca, by France, at the same ‘Epoch, or sooner if it can be done: And, according to the Conditions of the Vlth Article, France shall likewise en ter into Possessiou of the Islands of St. Peter, and of Miquelon, at the End of Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty. The Factories in the East Indies shall lie rellored Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. The Fortress of the Havana, with all that has been conquered

in the Island of Cuba, shall be rellored Three Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done: And, at the same Time, Great Britain shall enter into Possession of the Country ceded by Spain, according to the XXth Article. All the Places and Countries of His Most Faithful Majesty, in Europe, shall be rellored immediately after file Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty; and the Portuguese Colonies, which may have been conquered, shall be rellored in the Space of Three Months in the West Indies, and of Six Months in the East Indies, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of

the present Treaty, or sooner if it can be done. All the Fortresses, the Rellitution whereof is stipulated above, shall be rellored, with the Artillery and Ammunition which were found there at the Time of the Conquest. In Consequence whereof, the necessary Orders shall be sent by each of the High Contracting Parties, with reciprocal Passports for the Ships that shall carry them, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article XXV.

His Britannic Majesty, as Elector of Lvnen-

bourg, as well for Himself, as for His Heirs and Successors, and all the Dominions and Possessions of His said Majesty in Germam), are included and guarantied by the present Treaty of Peace.

Article XXVI.

Their Sacred, Britannic, Most Christian, Catholic, and Moll Faithful Majesties, promise to observe, sincerely and bona fide, all the Articles contained and settled in the present Treaty; and they will not fufler the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects; And the said High Contracting Parties, generally and reciprocally, guaranty to each other all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Article XXVII.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, expedited in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in the City of Paris, between the High Contracting Parties, in the Space of a Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten. Their Am-balTadors Extraordinary, and Ministers Plenipotentiary, have signed with our Hand, in Their Name, and in Virtue of our Full Powers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris, the 10th of February 1703.

BEDFORD, C.P. S. CHOISEUL, El Marq* de

(/.. S.)Due de Praflin. GKi M AUDI.

(L(L.S.)

Separate Articles.

I.

Some of the Titles made use of by the Contracting Powers, either in the full Powers, and other Acts, during the Course of the Negotiation, or in the Preamble of the present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged; it has been agreed, that no Prejudice shall ever result therefrom to any of the said Contracting Parties, and that the Titles, taken or omitted, on either side, on occasion of the said Negotiation, and of the present Treaty, shall not be cited, or quoted as a Precedent.

II.

It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made ulb of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, shall not become an Example, which may be alleged, or made a Precedent of, or prejudice, many Manner, any of the Contracting Powers; and that they shall conform themselves, for the future, to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regard to, and on the Part of the Powers, who are used, and have a Right, to give and receive Copies of like Treaties in another Language than French; the present Treaty having still the same Force and Effect, as if the aforesaid Custom had been therein observed.

III.

Though the King of Portugal has not signed the present Definitive Treaty, Their Britannic, Most Christian, and Catholic Majesties, acknowledge, nevertheless, that his Most Faithful Majesty is formally included therein as a Contracting Party, and as if he had expressly signed the said Treaty: Consequently, Their

Britannic, Most Christian, and Catholic Majesties, respectively and conjointly, promise to his Moil Faithful Majesty, in the most express and most binding Manner, the Execution of all and every the Clauses, contained in the said Treaty, on his Act of Accefllon.

The present Separate Articles shall have the same Force as if they were inserted in the 'Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten Ambafla-dors Extraordinary, arid Ministers Plenipotentiary of Their Britannic, Most Christian, and Catholic Majesties, have signed the present Separate Articles, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris, the roth of February 1763.

BEDFORD, C.P.S.CHOISEUL, ElMarq'de

(L.S.JDue GRIMALDI.

And the said Ambassadors and Plenipotentiaries having in a friendly Manner invited the Ambassador and Minister Plenipotentiary of His Most Faithful Majesty to accede thereto'in the Name of his said Majesty; The underwritten Mi miters Plenipotentiary, On the Part of the Moli Serene and Most Potent Princ the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lu-

neubourg, Arch -Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, the Moli Uluilrious and Most Excellent Lord, John, - Duke and Earl of Bedford, Marquis of Tavijtuck, &c. Minister of State of the King oi Great Britain, Lieutenant General of His Forces, Keeper

3 Geo. III. iSfMartii 593

I t .-«' ' 1

of His Privy Seal, Knight of the Most Noble Order of Our general and special Command (yet fotliattheGehe* the Garter, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and ral.do not derogate from the Special, or on the contrary) Plenipotentiary to His Mod Chridian Majesty; Andoij for Us and in Our Name* to meet and confer, as well the Part of the Mod Serene and Mod Potent Prince, singly and separately, as jointly and in a Body, with the Don Joseph the Fird, by the Grace of God, King of Ambassadors, Commissaries, Deputies, and Plenipoten-Porlttgaland of the Algarvex, the Mod Illudriousand tiaries of the Princes whom it may concern, reded with Most Excellent Lord, Martin de Mello and Cafiro, fudicient Power and Authority for that Purpose, and

Knight Professed of the Order of Chrid, of His Mod with them to agree upon, treat, consult, and conclude Faithful Majesty’s Council, and His Ambassador and concerning the re-establishing, as soon as may be/a firm Minider Plenipotentiary to His Most Christian Majesty; and lading Peace, and fineere Friendlltip and Concord; in virtue of I heir full Powers, which they have com- and whatever shall be so agreed and concluded, for. Us mnnicated to each other, and of which Copies shall be and in Our Name, to sign, and to make a Treaty or added at the End of the present. Act, have agreed upon Treaties, on what shall have been so agreed andconcluded, w hat follows; viz.His Mod Faithful Majesty desiring and to transact every thingelfe that may belong to the most sincerely to concur in the speedy Re-establishment happy Completion of the aforesaid Work, in as ample of Peace, accedes, in virtue of the present Act, to the Manner and Form, and with the same Force and said Definitive Treaty and Separate Articles, as they are Effect, as We Ourselves, if we vyere present, could do above transcribed, without any Reserve or Exception, and perform; engaging and promising, on Our Royal in the firm Confidence that every thing that is promised Word, that We will approve, ratify, and accept, in to His said Majesty, will be bond Fide fulfilled, declaring the bed Manner, whatever shall happen to be trail facted at the same Time, and promising to fulfill, with equal and concluded by Our said Plenipotentiary, and that Fidelity, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, We will never suffer any Person to infringe or aid which concern Him. On His Side, His Britannic Ma- contrary to the fame, either in the Whole or in Part, jedy accepts the present Accedion of His Mod Faithful In Witness and Confirmation whereof, We have caused Majesty, and promises likewise to fulfill, without any Our Great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Reserve or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Presents, signed with Our Royal Hand. Given at Our Conditions, contained in the said Definitive Treaty and Palace at St. James’s the 12tlj Day of November j 2, Separate Articles above inserted. The Ratifications of in the Third Year of Our Reign, the present Treaty shall be exchanged in the Space of One Month, to be computed from this Day, or sooner

if it can be done. Don by the Grace of God, King of Portugal, and of the on this Side the Sea, and

In Witness whereof. We, Ambassadors and Miniders on that Side in Africa, Lord of Guinea, and of Plenipotentiary of Mis Britannic Majesty, and of His the Corn]ued. Navigation, Commerce of,

Mod Faithful Majesty, have signed the present Act, Arabia, Persia, and India, &. c. I make known ,to and have canfed the Seal of our Arms to be put thereto, those who shall fee these My Letters Patent, that Done at Paris, the Tenth February 1763. desiring nothing more than to see the Flame of

War, which has raged so many Years in all Europe, BEDFORD, C.P.S. De MELLO et CASTRO. extinguished, and to co-operate (as far as depends upon (L.S.) (L.S.)Me) towards its being succeeded by a just Peace,

edablished upon solid Principles: And being informed, that great Part of the Belligerent Powers entertain the GEORGE R. same pacific Dispositions, I am to nominate a Person,

to aflid, in My Name, at the Assemblies and Confer-George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of ences to be held upon this important Business, who, Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the by His Nobility, Prudence and Dexterity, is worthy of Faith’, Duke of Brunjivickand Lunenburg, Arch-Trea- MyConfidence: WhereastlicfefeveralQualitiesconcur fnrer and Prince Eteftor of the Holy Roman Empire, in of My Council, and My

Sic. To all and Angular to whom these Presents shall Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Court come. Greeting. Whereas, in order to perfect the o and as from the Experience I have, that he

Peace between Us and our good Brother the Mod hasalwaysfervedMetoMySatisfaclion.inevery Thrng Faithful King, on the one Part, and Our good Brothers I have charged him with, relying, that I shall, from the Mod Chridian and Catholic Kings, on the other, henceforward, have fresh Caiife for the Confidence I which has been happily begun by the Preliminary have placed in him, I nominate and conditute him My Articles already signed at Fontainebleau the 3d of this Ambassador and Plenipotentiary, in order that be may, Month, and to bring the same to the defirqd End, We as such, afiid, in My Name, at any Congrefles, Affem-have thought proper to inved some fit Person, with full blies, or Conferences, as well public, as private, in Authority, on Our Part; Know ye, that We, having which the Business of Pacification may be treated: most intire Confidence in the Fidelity, Judgment, Negotiating and agreeing with the Ambassadors and Skill, and Ability in managing Affairs of the greatest Plenipotentiaries of the said Belligerent Powers, what-consequence, of Our Right Trudy and Right Intirely ever may relate to the said Peace; and concluding what Beloved Cousin and Councillor, John Duke and Earl of lie shall negotiate between Me and any Belligerent Bedford, Marquis of Tavifock, Baron Russel of Cheneys, Kings and Princes, under the Conditions He shall ftipu-Baron Russel of Thornhaugh, and Baron Howland of late in My Royal Name: Therefore, for the above Pur-

Strcatham, Lieutenant General of Our Forces, Keeper poses, I grant him all the full Powers and Authority, , Ge-of Our Privy Seal, Lieutenant and Custos Rotulonnn neral and Special, which may be nerefl’ary; andlpromise, of the Counties of Bedford and Devon, Knight of Our upon the Faith and Word of a King, that I will acr Most Noble Order of the Garter, and Our Ambassador knowledge to be firm and valid, and will ratify within Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary toOurgood Brother the Time agreed upon, whatever shall be contrafted and the Mod Chridian King, have nominated, made, con- dipulated by My fair! Ambassador and Plenipotentiary, dituted, and appointed, as by these Presents, We do with the aforei'aid Ambassadors and Miniders of the nominate, make, conditute, and appoint Him, Our true. Belligerent Kings and Princes, who shall be furnishedby certain, and undoubted Minider, Commissary, Deputy, them with equal Powers: Ii> Witness whereof, I have Procurator, and Plenipotentiary, giving to Him all and ordered these Presents to be made out, signed by Myall Manner of Power, Faculty, and Authority, as well as self, sealed with the Seal of My Arms thereunto affixed.

Vol. 29. 7 L and

lv

with

France

and

Spain*

Peace

*ith

Trance

and

Spain.

Totnest,

Reads.

Elections; preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

594

18° Martii.

J. 176$.

and countersigned by My Secretary and Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and War. Given at the Palace of Our Lady of Ajuda, the 18 th Day of,

of the Year from the Birth of Our Lord 1762.

Ixjcus THE KING.

Sigilli Dom Lewis da

pendent is.

Letters Patent whereby your Majesty is pleased to nominate Martin de Mello de Caj to be your Ambafladof

and Plenipotentiary for the Negotiation and Conclusion of Peace, in the Form above set forth.

For your Majesty’s Inflection.

Translation of the Declaration of His Most Faithful Majesty’s AmbafTador and Minister Plenipotentiary, with tegatd to Alternating with Great Britain and Frame, dated Paris, February 10th 1763.

DECLARATION.

Whereas on the Conclusion of the Negotiation of the Definitive Treaty, signed at Paris this Day, 10th February, a Difficulty arofeas to the Order of Signing, which might have retarded the Conclusion of the said Treaty, We the underwritten, Ambafl'adorand Minister Plenipotentiary of His Most Faithful Majesty, declare, that the Alternative observed, on the Part of the King of Great Britain, and the Most Christian King, with the Moll Faithful King, in the Act of Accession of the Court of Portugal, was granted by their Britannic and Moll Christian Majestics, solely with a View to accelerate the Conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, and by that Means, the more speedily to consolidate so important and so fulutary a Work; and that this Complai-fance of Their Britannic and Most Christian Majesties shall not be made any Precedent of for the future; the Court of Portugal shall not allege it as an Example in their Favour; shall derive therefrom no Right, Title, or Pretension, for any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever.

In Witness whereof, We, AmbafTador and Minister Plenipotentiary of His Most Faithful Majesty, duly authorized for this Purpose, have signed the present Declaration, and have caused the Seal of Our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Paris, the 10th February 1763.

MARTIN de MELLO et CASTRO.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by M r. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading ’ from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right of Voting, by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge, was read a Second Time.

; RoJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

lle/olvedjThat the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole l, Toufe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing, refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been iflned by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th of 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th of October

1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of

1763, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act 1 Georgii3, for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfyitig all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, to wards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Indico imported into England for Seven Years last past;

distinguishing each Year, and each Place from whence the same was imported; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Indico exported from England, from 1755 to

Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Indico has received the Bounty at Importation for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuraed the Chair,

Mr. Aldermaa Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Supilljr.

Wayi and Meant

Sflpl

D<

t

R5|

Trad

br

ii

A11

Grp

He!

ht

bu

U

3 Geo. III. i8# — 190 595

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Duties on ’ Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Wines. additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

HeJ'oked, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise, or some of them, do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill - is committed.

Right to An ingrafted Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, Trades from an(j Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, iuVhe or *n Bie Marines, since the 22d Year of his late Army, &c. Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the I^and or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greenwich A Bill to empower the Commissioners, or Governors, Hospital. of the Royal I iospital for Seamen, at after

defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, whoffiall not be provided for > within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the moll easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aCommittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfeff into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Weflniinster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Pwing resolve itself into a Committee of the tvhole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and: Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of

which lies in the County of the several

Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster --which lies in the County of Middlesex-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueflay next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Preventing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to frauds in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, m Malt upon {*,e Bill for more effectually securing the Payment a r- of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of Fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Moru-Vot. 29.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooke, according to Order, reported from the Settlement* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to by obviate the difficulties that arise by Persons gaining Tlx Settlements in Parishes and Places, in respect of their e *nent* being assessed to the Land Tax, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Alderman Dickinjim reported from the Commit- Supply Bill;

tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Rrant,."g Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Armiitie*. Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 190 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

QRdered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- simpson mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure. the Common Fields, a Commonable CowPafture, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for applying the Money granted in Militia; this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of F»y and the Pay and Clothing of the Militiaof that Part of Clothing.

Brit am called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An A(51 for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763, and for appointing a Time and Place for exercising the Militia in the said Year.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Newport, from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in tuc County of 4c-Stafford-, and also the Road leading from the said Town of Stafford, through Bridgford and to Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop-, and

also

Newport,

tcc.

Reads.

Discovtrjr of the Longitude.

59 6 MartiuA. 1763.

also the Road leading from aforesaid through

Sutton to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near

port, in the County of Salop; and also the Road branch-

ingfrom the said Road between Bridgford and near a Place called Weston W through Eccltshall, to

Trent ham, in the said County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from Newjtorl, through Donnington to Wel-

lington, in the said County of Salop; and also the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at near Newport aforesaid, through to

in the said County of Salop; Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hebb, M r. Sandy s, M r. Gray,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ross, Mr. Dyfvn, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Stevens, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Milks, Lord Gray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr,

Gore, Mr. Heicett, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Jenyns, Mi*. Whichcot, Mr. Lord Burgherfh, Mr.

Bejt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Harvey, Lord Strange, Mr. Harley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Grant, Mr. LaJ'celles, Sir Walter Wagslaff Bagot, Mr. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Vansittart, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Lord Orwell, Lord Parker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Derby, and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition offeveral of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are informed, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stafford to Sandoti, and other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, That the Road branching from the Road through Newport to Donnington, from the Sign of the Harp, through Broclon and Edmond; and from thence to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd, in the County of Salop; is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, that the said Road through Brodon may be taken in, and added to the said Bill, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Mr. Gray, \U.Stevens, 'bit.Gore, Mr.'Ru/h-outfMr. Whichcot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Rice, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Townshend, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cooke, Mr Jennings, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Compton, Nlv.Sandys, Lord Gray, Mr Harris,

Sir William Beauchamp Prod or, Mr: Fuller, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Howard, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Penton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Derby, and Chester-, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Encouragement of Harrison, to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, was read a Second Time.

16

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Beauchamp Proflor reported from the Foonflo* Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and ta Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and nth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Paw Mills on

Hounjloic Ileath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingftone, near the Town of in the

Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Quetiion l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whichcotereported from the Committee, to PAham

whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open hwlofam Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Town-ship and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the King’s Majesty, as Patron of the said Rectory, and in Behalf of his Son the Prince of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall; and also except John

WilJ'on, who is possessed of an Acre and half of Land, and One Pasture Gate and an half, within the said Fields and Pastures, who could not be found;) and that no Person appeared belore the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'I’able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an u, In,c Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Ma- of Btead; jesty King George the Second, iittituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons whq shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy Supply Bill; certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good

►ennrn

kinds*

Supply.

Ways

and

Means.

3 Geo. III. 190 597

good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the same to thosaid Fund, in Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Bidderreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from AVu’Street and,

in Penryn, in the County of to Higher Water Gate and Redruth, through and

Moors, and the Parishes of GPerron, Sti/heans, Gzeennap, and Redruth, in the said County, was committe<l, 'Flint the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him 10 report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Report was read.

Anti several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difugreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of ihem, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill he re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Alderman Dick infun, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum of Six thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Five Shillings and Ten-pence Three-farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the AddrelVcs of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred Light Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for OutPensions of ('heifer.Umpital. for the Ycar 1763.

The said Rodd!aliens being severally read a Second Time, W! re, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Air. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth;

Rijo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions, out offuch Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, coinpoling the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Vol. 29.

Refofaed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty-seven thousand One hundred Twenty Pounds Nine shillings anti Six Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Surplus of the several Duties Upon Beer and Ale, granted by an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty’s Reign, alter satistying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1763, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Sessiofi of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That fttch Part of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia, then unembodied, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1762, as. shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, after thq said Charges are futisfied, be issued and applied towards raising the Supply granted to 1 Iis Majesty in this Sefltoft of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Ixians or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before, the 5th Day of April 1764, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging t he Trade to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue ill Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the nth, 19th, 26th, 29th, and 3 ill Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the aoth Day of September 1763, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; be further continued, with Amendments, until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of hia late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of indico in the Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 25th Day of March 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of 1763, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; be further continued, with Amendments, until the 2 5th Day of March 1770, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

'Hie said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickin^ Jon, Mi*. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr. Oficald, Sir John Turner, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Martin, Wx.Dyson, and Air. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Air. Rushout, reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing The Open and Cora-7 M ‘ »o*

W«v»

and

Meant.

Child fwick* ham Iadtfure*

598

19° — 21° Martii.

A. 1763.

Luna?) 21* Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii III.

Itt

Regis,

1763.

Prayers.

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Chtldjwickltarn, in the

Comity of Gloucester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and fOUnd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Four Persons,

who, a£ Lessees for Life under William Fcrmor, Eftjuire,

Jlold Two Yard I^ands,' of the annual Value of/. 14, and Anna Kehlockj who is Lessee for Life of the Tithes and was presented to the House, and read;

of the yearly Value of /.50, under the said Mr. Fer- Alleging, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, Dior, who being severally applied to, refused to sign that a Bill has been brought in for repairing and widen-; thd Bill; and that the whole annual Value of the ing several Roads in the Counties of Stafford, and Salop; Lhhds intendpd to be inclosed, amounts 10^778. ns. 8rf. ai'd letting forth, that Part of the said Road is thereby dnd that no Person appeared before the Committee to directed to be carried from through

ojipose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone ton, in the County of Salop; and that it

through the Bill, arid made several Amendments there- would be niore_ convenient and advantageous to the

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Salop,

Newport

&c.

Road*.

Whitechapel

Street*,

fee.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Hie Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, we're agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be higrofffed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for maintaining, regulating, ttrid employing the Poor, within the Parish of Mah). Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing arid lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places; and regulating arid keeping a nightly Watch within thri said Parish; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the Laid Parish Church; is committed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ‘Whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Commissioni'Crs or Governors of the Royal 1 Iofpitnl for Seamen

Road from Newport may be carried through ton, to the Buck's Head in Walling Street, near If Wellington.

Ordered, That' the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, in the Counties of Salop and whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause for punishing Persons Healing dead Bodies out of the said Burial Ground.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road

alt G'recnicich, after defraying the necessary Expences front the Bull at in the County of Lhefer,

Vhere6f, to provide for such Seamen worn out, and be- to Bitrjlem and Neiccafle under in the County of come deefepit in the Service of their Country, who shall Stafford; and other^ Roads therein to be mentioned^ not be provided for within the said Hospital, and to en- ~ "

able them to receive such Pensions, as shall be granted tli^m by the 'said Commissioners or Governors, in the most easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing

lYauds and Abu'fcs attending the fame. Mj\ Sneaker left the Chair.

to reprirt, when the House will please to receive the same.-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Hatio»er

Square

burial

GromxL

Lawtfe

a'-d

fiurilen

Road.

was committed; and to Whom the Report was n ferred, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near Handley Green, and Places adjacent, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition

Mr! Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the ?f the several Inhabitants 0TuMaU, -

Corin'niltee bridge, Handley Green, and Shelton, in the County of

Mh Sneaker resumed the Chair. Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; had

Mr. AUlerm'&nDickinson reported from the Committee, been severally referred; That the Committee had ex-

Tfiat they had gone through the Bill.; and made several anrined the Allegations of the Bui, and found the lame. Atneridmerits thereunto; which they had directed him *° be true; and that the Committee had gone through

- ..... the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to 011c of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- Bradford, covery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Brad- &c. ford, Melhsham, and Whorlfdoion, in the County of SrMU l)*bu-Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of

small

York Streets, UCi

Mnrflett

Inclosure,

Accounts 5 Malt Dut'rti.

Supply Bill;

American Indko, See.

Greenwich

hospital.

3 Geo. III.

21° Martii.

59 9

small Debts, within the Hundreds of Bradford, sham , and Whorlfdcrxn, in the County of IViUs.

Ordered, That Sir Robert hong do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better cleansing and enlightening tho Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, within the find City; and fer keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same.

Ordered, That Sir George Armitage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Lordship in Holderness,

in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

liefulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Failures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapel ry and Lordship of Marjieetin , in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Saville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Ilottfe; and he read the Report in his Place- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Setond Time, one by one; atfd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ofbaldeflon reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth ana Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Coal Owners and Coal Fitters of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Coal Owners and Coal Fitters of the said River, Port, and Haven; was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill. against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve^ ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

the House being informed, That some other

Scarborough

Harbour.

And

The House being informed that Mr. Jolinfon, from A"e,!.d.me"t* «re ^cessary to be made to the said Bill, p Commislinnnrs nf F.vrifp attended at the Dnnr» Sxjvlvcd\ That the said Bill be re-COlTUIUttfed.

the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door.; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, arising within the Counties of Worcester,

Ghtteefer, Monmouth, Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall, from 23d June 1754, to the 24th June 1761; distinguishing each County, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Mnjetty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; is committed.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the 2 lit and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the Bri/ifh Plantations in America: And the fume was received; and read the Firli Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Dick infm, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Commissioners or Go-

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Highway Order, a Bill for amending the Highways by AlfelT- general ments, instead of the Six Days Labour: And the same pLa.w‘i was received; and read the First Time. England.

Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed-.

Anfu'er

to

Address.

for

Papers.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their . Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lift therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he 3vill give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent occasional Freemen from BWlions t voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament PreT*n,in8 for Cities and Boroughs, was read the Third Time. vate* for

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Cities, be, An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hotife Harrison* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Timekeeper, ernors of the Royal hospital for Seamen at Greemvich, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of John Harrison,

after defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to pro vide for such Seamen worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for -within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions, as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the moil easy and convenient Mauner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame; was committed; the Vol. 29.

to publiflrand make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Harrison, of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, was referred,

be referred to the 'said Committee.

Then

<5oo

a i° — 22°

A. 1763

Army;

Mutiny

and

Ddertion.

Sutton

inclosure.

St. Matthew, B-tlmalGreen, Foor.

Pilham

Inclosure.

Simpson

Inclosure.

Settlements

b*

Land Tax Adeflmentt.

Theft the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Mordaunt took the -Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, an made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. //«//ordapdMr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Pefertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' for inclosing and dividing several I^ands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holdin the County of

York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal , in

the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing anil alloting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon Saturday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been Committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they ilia.ll think lit.

Ordered, That C-ounfel be admitted to be heard in Favour of the Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Commou Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, at the same Time that Counsel is ordered to be heard upon the Petition of John Goodman and Nicholas Lucas, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open und Common Fields, Lammas Grounds, and Failures, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, against the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to obviate the Difficulties that arise by Persons gaining Settlements in Parishes, and Places, in respect of their being act'elled to the Land Tax, was read the Third Time.

llefolved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to obviate the Difficulties that arise by Persons gaining Settlements in Parishes, and Places, in respect of their being assess'ed to the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, If they think fit.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Sir George Strode, 1 2 Mr. John Bidler: \

11

iq8.

Tellers for the Yeas,

for he Noes.

So it pafifed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corm mittee. That they have Pow’er to receive a Clause, to impower Custom House Officers to put a certain Quantity of Salt, or Vinegar, into refused Wines.

Ordered, That, the Account of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry, made for Sale, within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1761; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Cyder and Perry, made for Sale within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1761; dillin-gnilliing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlkler further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually secure-ing the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of frelli Corn, -or Grain, W’itli Corn or Grain making into Malt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wui please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Prevfnbng Frauds in making of Mall.

ttl

Ha:

K

Supply BUI; Putics on Wines.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties;

Marti22° die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain y;iK.m Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Failures, Inclosure. in the Township and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. L. 28. After " whatsoever," to insert, "Leases at Rack Rent only excepted:"

JV. 19.

far

a

3 Geo. III. 22* M. 5oi

Pr, 29. 1.19. After " whatsoever," to insert "Leases Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " at Hack Rent only excepted." ingrossed.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And Mr. Rest reported from the Committee, to whom the Canterbury the Ihlj was amended at the Table accordiugly. Bill for taking down the Parish Church of Church'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding the said be. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Church in a more convenient Place, was committed.

Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Town- That the Committee had examined the Allegations of ship and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Whithura An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keep- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Oswestry in£ in R?Pair> t,ie Road fading from the Turnpike Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Road. Road between Ojkeftry and W rexham, at or near Whit- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a hurst's House, through Llangollen, to the most proper Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and commodious joining of the Turnpike Road leading severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tar am Dwyrarch-, . That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Poll at the joining of the Road leading from OJiceJlnj to JFrexhatn, in the County of Denbigh; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Oficeftry and Wrexham, at or near Whithurst's House, through Llangollen, to the most proper and commodious joining of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dmjrarch-, and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Post at the joining of the Road leading from Ofweftnj to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Silk Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, accord-

Works. jug to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk-works:" And the same was received; and read the First

rp*

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hazeland’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Divorce, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William llazeland. Clerk, with Mary Walley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Byde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, That the had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party, appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Scarborough Mr. OJbaldcfton reported from the Committee, to

Harbour, whom the Bill for continuing the Duties and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was re-committed, That the committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 29.

ingrossed.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs Supply Bill; of the City of London attended at the Door; he was w!ne*°a called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth.That the Petitioners have observed by the Votes of the House, that a B ill is now depending for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty onWine, Cyder, and Perry; which Bill the Petitioners have been informed, subjects the Makers of Cyder and Perry to the Laws of Excise; and alleging, that the Petitioners, with the deepest Concern, cannot help considering this unexpected Proceeding as preparatory to a general Extension of those grievous Laws; for when new Orders of Men, by Situation and Profession distinct from Traders, are rendered ObjeCis of the Excise Laws, the Precedent is formidable, not to Commerce only, but hath a fatal Tendency which the Petitioners tremble to think of; and that as every Attempt to enlarge the Dominion of the Excise must awaken the Petitioners Fears it' will also jullifv their dutiful Representations to the House, the Guardians of Liberty, that after all the Burthens so chearfully borne, all the I Iardships so patiently endured, and all the Blood so freely spilt in Support of the late just, glorious, and successful War, the Petitioners hope that the meritorious Subjects of this Country may not feel the Extension of Excise Laws among the First Fruits of Peace:

And therefore praying. That so much of the said Bill as subjects the Makers of Cyder and Perry to the Powers of Excise, may not pass into a Law.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of March 1756, of the Pn>» ceedings of the House upon the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition, now presented, do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, ac- Supply Bill;

cording to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and UB for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1763: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, according to Order, reported Discovery from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of the Bill for the Encouragement of John Ilarrifon, to pub- bonjituie. lish and make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, was committed, the Amendments which the Commit-

;N tee

6o2 22° — 23* Marhi. J. 1761.

tee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ways Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the Gentlemen and who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or eans" Bills, pursuant to the Refutations which, upon Saturday lafi, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in One of the said Bills, for allowing the Produce of certain Places, ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, being the Property of His Majesty’s Subjects, to be imported during a certain Time, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if such Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession.

Supply Bill? The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto ^Wincs!" a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of 11 the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money, by W ay of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Westminster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Paving. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, clcanling, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's which

lies in the County of M; the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy-, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Elections? The Order of the Day being read, for the House to preventing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Votes'for uP°n the Bill to prevent fraudulen t and occasional V otes Counties' *n the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right of Voting bjr virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Preventing Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit-Fraids in tee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually fccur'n? the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allow-

ances, and the mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

fiRDERED, That the Report from the Committee, Sin^son to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing tlieCom- hrctofiw. mon Fields, a Commonable Cow Pafiure, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Friz-hud's to dissolve the Marriage of William Clerk, Oivaca.

with Mary Walleyhis now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of HounlW Two Acts passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the to Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlcsham, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposetl to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. After " Thomas Eyres," to insert " the " Honourable John 1. 30. After " Henjhaw to insert

".....Hodgson:"

Pr. 6. 1. 3. After " Nathaniel Griffin," to insert ".....Hodgson."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bili was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlefham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proflor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whom Mown the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- taUaiur* mon Fields in the Township of Min the County of Oxford, and for making a Compensation for Common

3 Geo. III. 23 0 Martii605

mon of Pasture and Tithes arising the rein, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table . Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: Anri several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

chiidfwickham An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inclosure. an(j (Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Childjiiuckham, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Halkin An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Mountain Road, and opening a Communication from the House oad. Thomas Hughes, Esquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm, and across the Old Poll Road in Vechan, to a House at Nant y Modi, in in the

Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from the House of Thomas Hughes, Esquire, ad joiningto Halkin Mountain, to Farm, and across the Old Pott Road in CounJilU Vechan, to a House at Nant y Moch in Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. G do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Penryn Mr. Buller reported from the Committee, to whom Roads, the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Higher Water Gate and Redruth, through PonJhootJi and Givennap Moors-, and the Parishes of Gluvias, Per ran,

Slilheans, Gwennap, and Redruth, in the said County, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Greenwich An ingrossed Bill to impower the Commissioners or Hospital. Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors in the most easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame; was read the Third Time.

Vo l.29.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become deprepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors in the most eafv and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. James Harris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highgate continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from liighgale -/ house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet

houj'e,in the County of Hertford and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield and also Caneu ood Lane, leading from Highgate to IIampfead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cambridge for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, to the Road from the Town of Cambridge to and from thence to Soham-, and for building a Bridge cross 0

the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridg; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wellingore for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, and Paf- Inclosure. lure Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wellingore, in the County of Lincoln, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more silk

effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign Work*, of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the 21st and Supply Bill;

28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging TA"ierit*n the making of Indico in the British Plantations in Arne- IC0' c' rica, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to impower Justices of the Peace, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, to put the Laws in Execution against Hackney Coachmen, in the same Manner as the Justices of Middlesex and Surrey are already by Law impowered to do.

A Petition from several Persons, Sufferers at New- Newfoundi«nd foundland, being offered to be presented to the House; u *rers'

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

Command,

604

230 — 240

1763.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty directing the giving Notice of Appeal to the Party corn-having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- plained against:

tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the . And the said Clause was twice road, with Blanks; House. which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be

Setting forth, That

Newfoundland

Sufferers.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to appoint such Persons as His Majesty shall think fit, to inquire into the

made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that the Judgment of the Quarter Sessions shall be final, and Proceedings not deemed bad for want of Form:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Apether Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Limitation of Actions:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks;

true State of the Loffesof the People concerned in the which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Fishery of Newfoundland, by the sudden Landing of the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be French in that Istand in 1762, in order to lay the same made Part of the Bill.

Sapply Bill; Exchequer Bill*.

before this House the next Session of Parliament;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding after " 1762," these Words,

" and whether any, and what Part of the Stores, and " other Effects, loft there, hath been since applied to the " Use of any of His Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land

A Motion was made that the Order of the Day be now read.

And the said Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then Notice being taken of an Irregularity in the Signing of the said Petition, the Names subscribed thereto being all the same Hand Writing;

The said Petition was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Year 1763, and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his Majesty’s Possession: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for confining the Trials of Offences to the respective Counties w here the Offences are committed:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for iheYeas,^, ^£"’ofIW: }

Tellers for the Noes,f Mr*

T Mr. Upton.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

47-

109.

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine of the Clock.

Morning,

Supply Bill; Dudes on Wines.

The Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Additional Duties upon Wines, imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder, and Perry; and for raising a Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them,’ agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Allowances for Leakage:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions;

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houlfe to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, 14

Jovis, 240 d Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIIl,i Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Fuller do carry to the Lords

the ingrossed Bill, to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of It'd-Ungore, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 24. 1. 4. After "Mortgage," insert " Lease."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Pastures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tidtficell, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

that

Electionsj prevettitj fmudulctf Votes (of Ci.ici

Welling*

lattoan

LitM

Indofor.

frir

tao!v

P*«i

CifU

Aaaiii

Msti

of fce

Wit

foil

OihL

A*!»

Hi I A*

Hi

tice

3 Geo. III. 24° Mattii. 60$

that the Parties concerned had given their Content to refried in Carolina, he knows. That Rice has

! the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except increased there oflate Years; and, if they could supply

Allen, who is possess'ed of about £.6a Year the Inhabitants of the Island before />.*//,

within the said Manor, who could not be found; they w'ould take off great Quantities that Island:

Trevia, possess’ed of about ^.3 a Year, who is in the That Rico is the principal Staple of South Carolina.

’ Raft Indies-, and Thomas Mitchell, a Lunatic, who is William Middleton Esquire, being next examined,

jKjflefled of about Thirty Shillings a Year; and that said. That he was born in South , and refried

the whole Manor is valued at about. £.500 a Year; many Years as a Planter there; that it was necessary to and that no Person appeared before the Committee to find a Market for Rice within the Year, if it was , oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone kept longer, it would fink half the Price; that he has

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- known great Quantities of Rice lie on hand fur want of unto; which they Imd directed him to report to the a Market; that Indico was raised i:i South Carolina as House; and.he read the Report in his Place; and af- well as Rice; and that every Planter who raises Indico terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in cultivates Rice likewise, the Crop of Indico being very at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were uncertain; and Rice was necessary not only for the , once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one Profit of the Planter, but tbr the Subsistence of his

by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put there- Cattle and Negroes; and that no Person whatsoever upon, were agreed to by the House. grows Indico only, nor would it be confident with

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be common Prudence to trust wholly thereto, ingrossed. Gordon Esquire, having been at. the Madeira

many Years, informed your Committee, That the Private Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Number of Inhabitants there is about 100,000, who, jufiuef*. Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after being fond of Rice, would consume a great deal of it. Two of the Clock. if they could get it cheap; that it is sometimes run

from America, is sometimes brought from Condon, and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford, and sometimes from Lisbon; and that from Lisbon the Levant Mr. Harris: Rice is sometimes imported; but that, both from

Mr. Speaker, Lisbon and it comes at too high i\ Price for the

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act poor People to get it, the Port Duties at Li/ being granting for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victual- 10 per Cent, inward and 10 per Cent, outward: And

curtain ling, and 1 ransport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; being asked this Question, If the Carolina Merchants

Annuities, for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the were to fend more Rice to the would not the

Sinking Fund, and making good the same to the said Dutch fend Ten times the Quantity of Goods there, to

Fund, in Manner therein mentioned; without any have the Advantage on their Goods, and the Advantago

Amendment: And also, of back Trade with Rice to Hambro' ? he answered.

Making The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Not, becaul'e they have sometimes no great Profit on . of Bread; for explaining and amending an Act made in the Thir- the Goods they carry there, and there is a Duty of 10 Scotland, ty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King per Cent, in, and of 11 per Cent. Duty on all dry Goods George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due re-exported, besides the other incidental Charges of making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize landing, Warehouse-room, and Re-shipping: — Mr. thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Gordon being likewise asked as to the annual Consump-Meal, Flour, or Bread; without any Amendment: tion of Wheat in the Madeiras, said, it amounted to And also, 17,000 Quarters, with which they are chiefly supplied

Militia The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act from America, and in Time of Peace will not take more Pay and for applying the Money granted in this Session of Par- than 2,000 Quarters from England.

Clothing. Jjament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- Being asked likewise as to the State of the

ing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called and the Number of Inhabitants, said, he had never* England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of been but had seen a Calculation of the Number

March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; of Inhabitants, which were 80,000. and for appointing a Time and Place for exercising the John Nutt Esquire, being a Merchant who has great Militia in the said Year; without any Amendment: Concerns in the Carolina Trade, and Agent or Factor*

And also, for Carolina Merchants, informed the Committee, That

Right The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Exportation of Rice from Carolina has been increas-

ades from Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, ing for 40 that the Quantity annually shipped.

Service as have been in the I and or Sea Service, or in the of has been betwixt 80 and 90,000 Barrels*

myv&c. Marines, since the Twenty-second Year of his late that 80,000 Barrels was flopped Jafi Year; and that,

’ Majesty King George the Second, to exercise'trades, seen many Policies of insurance, he that

without any Amendment. great Quantities were sent to the conquered Mauds;

And then the Meflejjgers withdrew. that Rice is of a Nature to spoil by keeping, and there-

fore requires an immediate Vent; that he has got a ;C(. Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, great deal by him now, and lately sent a Quantity of rn in to whom the Petition of several Merchants in London, (tale Rice to to fell for what it would

Jina. Planters in South Carolina, and Owners of Ships trading fetch, merely upon Account of its being stale.

to His Majesty’s said Province in America,- and also the He informed the Committee, That, on the mofl Petition of several Merchants residing in 1 he City of authentic Advice fron? the Province of Carolina, Bristol, and Owners of Ships trailing to His Majesty’s he finds rhere is a great Spirit of planting now arising in Province of Youth Carolina, in America-, were severally the Colony, so that the Produce of Rice this Year will referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter probably amount to 140,000 Barrels; but that the

of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report Planters cannot reap the Fruits of their Spirit and the fame, as it appeared to them, together with their luduflry, unless new Markets are opened to them, as Opinion thereupon, to the House, and he read the the Produce of late Years has been more than sufficient lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at for fitch Markets as they may now resort so: the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is That there is no doubt but the Spaniards would take as followeth; viz. it, if a Trade was opened to the Spanish Main.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, James Mr. Nutt likewise represented to the Committee,

Crockatt Esquire, being examined, said. That, having That the Trade, as now permitted t<? the Southward of Vol. zg.

Rice grdwn iit Or

6o6 24* Martii. Jf. 176$.

‘Cape Finijlere, labours under great Oppression; par- the Committee, (except Four Persons, whose Property ticularly, that, by the Law, as it now hands, they are in the I«mds intended to be inclosed is of the annual obliged to pay Duty for Rice loft at Sea, or takeu by Value of /. 77, and who, being applied to, refuted to the Enemy, and hoped that it would be an Object of sign the Rill, but said, they had, or would make, no the Legislature to exonerate the Trade of this Griev- Objection;) and that the whole annual Value of flhe ance. Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to /.657 l~}S.

William Knox, Esquire, was the lad Person who ap- and that no Person appeared before the Committee to peared before your Committee, who had resided in oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone 'Georgia, andwasaMemberof theCouncil; and, though through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-not himself concerned in Trade, dnring his Residence, unto; which they bad directed him to report to the Rethought it his Duty, and did make himself acquainted House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-with the State and Trade of Georgia and South Carolina: terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

That the general Exports are, Nice, Indico, Deer- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Ikins, Naval Stores, and some Stages; the Deer-skins once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one are purchased from the Indians; that the Quantity and by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-Value of Rice and Indico fluctuate; for, when much upon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest

were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sapply Bill;

Trade to the Sugar Colonies

Indico is raised, there is less Rice; but. he believes that little Indico will be made in that Province for the future, as we have now other Countries whose Soil and Climate are litter for the Cultivation of that Plant; that he thinks the Province will be much benelitted by allowing Rice to be carried to the Islands, and to the

Spanish Main; that considerable Quantities are already smuggled in there; and that, if a Trade was opened, it would not only be for the Advantage of the Colony, but that the Revenue of the Crown would be inoreased to the Amount of/. 1,500 or/. a Year, by the Payment of the Half Subsidy DutyattheCulloro-houses of South Carolina and Georgia.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Unit granting Liberty to carry Rice directly from South Carolina to the Madeira and other African Islands will greatly tend to increase the Culture and Commerce of the said Province.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That granting Liberty to export Rice directly from the said Province to the American Islands and Settlements will greatly tend to increase the Culture and Commerce of the said Province,

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Securing and Encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, inllead of the Six Days Labour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Midlcton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, artdmade several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scarborough An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties, and en-Harbour. larging the Powers, granted by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of was read tlse Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. OJbaldeston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stone Mr. Doiodefuellreported from the Committee, to fnclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Stone Common

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Cavendish do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Neivcafle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffe Bank to Snapc Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford;was committed.

Lord Frederick Cavendish accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whiah they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;' Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the House.

lame io be true; and that the Parties concerned had Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ingrossed.

Mr.

Hfeta*

general Laws; EnglandL

Hano?ef

Square

Burial

Ground.

Derby,

&c.

Road.

id

Goos

3 Geo. III.

24° Martii.

6of

Newport,

tic.

Roads.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom An Act for rest i tying Mi flakes in <tie Names of fe-the Petition of fever a I of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- veral of lhe Commission;ers appointed by an Act made holders, anti others, in the Counties of Salop and Staf-in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution

ford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the Counties of and Stafford',were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prfcve the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Dickenson, being examined, said. That the Road from the Sign of the Harp, through Brockton and Edgmond, to the Whitchurch Turnpike

Road at Chetwynd, leads to several very considerable

Coal and Lime Mines; and that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, in many Parts very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by Law.

To prove the Allegations of t he Second mentioned

an Act made in the same Section, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those na^ med in the First mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting ah Aid to His Majesty by a Laud Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices an^ Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes, and for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made

Petition, Mr. Thomas Dickenson, being examined, said, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Ma

That it would be more convenient and advantageous to the Country, if the Road were carried from through Donnington, to the Buck's Head in Watling

Street, near Wellington; and that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, so whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road le from

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who /halladulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called; and for rendering the said Act more e/Feftual in that Part of the United Kingdom.

An Act for applying the Money granted in thij Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of tint Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great

the said Town of Stafford, through Bridgford and Ec- Britain called England, for Year, beginning the cleshall, to Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven

of Salop;and also the Road leading from Bridgford

aforesaid, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop-, and also the Road branchingfrom the said Road, between Bridgford and New/wrt, near a Place called Weflon Wood,

through Eccleshall to Trentham, in the said County of

Stafford-, and also the Road leading from Newport, through Donnington, to Wellington, in the said County in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty of Salop; and also the Road leading from the present King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due Turnpike Road at Woodcote, near Newport aforesaid, making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Afiiae through Shiffnal, to Bridgnorth, in the said County of thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate

hundred and Sixty-three; and for appointing a Tin>e and Place forexercifing the Militia in the said Year.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Sob diers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise 'trades. An Act for explaining and amending an Act mad*

Salop; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road branching from the Road through Newport to Donnington, from the Sign of the Harp, through BroSlon and Edgmond; and from thenee to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at in the County of

Salop -tand for repairing and widening the Road from Newport, through Donnington, to the Buck's Head in Watl/ng Street, near Wellington.

ojnl Alton A Me/Tage from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin-

to

Bilk.

son. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers,

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Jlanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on so at tend His Majesty. Newmarket Heath, in the County of

Meal, Flour, or Bread.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers grin ted by Two Acts of Parliament of the Sixth and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Jion Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which Hands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts more e/Feftual.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from manchefer, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fen*

And being returned

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty Chamock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of was plea fed to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following, viz.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy,

Victuaiiing, and Transport Bills, and

Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lan-cafer.

An Act for repairing the Road from Newmarket; over* Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County

tores; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, and making good the same to

the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned. , ____

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and of Westmoreland, to Kirkby , in the County of

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-Forces, while on Shore. pair, the high Road leading from the Fourteen Mde

Vol. 29. Slone,

Rdval

Allfiit

to

Billi.

6o8

2 40 Mar Hi.

J. 1763.

Foyal

A&nt

to

Bills*

Stone, in the Parish of Molhi'ey, in the County of Durham^ for certain Arbitrators therein named to make

b I < I V I W . _ A m t — t f 4. — 4 f a. T 1 - v k m /l -«M/f

Carmarthen, through Llaudoven, to IXydiad y Guyn, in the Parish of Llandilo-rarvr; and from thence by Cledfuleh, and over Dultfs Bridge, to the Town of /.landilo-vawr-, and from the said Town, along the Port Road by Blnvyradar, through the County Borough of

Carmarthen, and Village of Clear a, to Tavern

their Awards; and for certain Commissioners thereto mentioned to set out, divide, and allot, the hud Moor or Common.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiuros, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor

Sidle, in the Parish of Kiffig ,at the Borders of the of in the 1’aridi of I! tine, in the County of

County of Pembroke.

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the lown and Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon.

An Act to continue and r more cfleMual several AMs of Parliament, for repairing the Road from High gate Gatehouse, in the County of to

Barnet Blockhou/e, in the County of Hertford-, and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the in Enfield Chace-, and also Canewood Ixine, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of

Middlesex-, and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the Great North Road from London, beginning at Burnet Blockhou/e, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and keep-ingin Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Solium; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Slretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for continuing an AM passed in the Eleventh ear of his late Majesty King George the Second,

Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open ami Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within tiic Manor and Parish of Scrap/on, in the County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Low ton, in the County of

An

AM for dividing.

inclosing, and allotting, the

Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, u itliin the Manor and Township of A ft ley, in the County Palatine of I.anvafler.

An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the ParhJi of Sutton, in Holder/,ej's, in die County of York.

A11 AM for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, and Paftnrc Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Wellingore, in the County of Lincoln.

An AM lor explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Aral Cat-

tleman, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the same more cffeMual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Mariiage.

An Act for resting Part of the settled Estate of John

Lade the lounger, and Hej/his Wife, situate at

intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Barham, in the County of Kent, in In dices, to be sold; Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon and for laying out the Monies, to arise by such Sale,

every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothodc, and Liberties thereof.

An Act for making a Navigation from the River Humber, by a Canal or Cut at or near Tel to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for continuing the said Navigation in or near the said River, from thence to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County.

An Act for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there.

An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Bethnal

Green, in the County of M.

A11 AM to enable John Earl of Sandwich, Bobcrt Nugent Esqtiire, and Bichard Bigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and to quality tliemlVjve.s for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

An Act for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Inclosures in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, and in Bootham in the Suburbs of the City of York-, and for dividing and inclosing the Common and Moor of Clifton n/oreiaid.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tnres. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Woodford, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Walie Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed by an AM passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His

in the Purchase of other Lands, to be lei.tied to the same Uses.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Clerk, with Mary Wullcy, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An AM lor enabling Anne Barbara Hill Medlycott to take and life the Surname and Arms of Medlycott, pur-fuaut to the Will of Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceasaL An Act for Naturalizing Jacob Bee (fen.

An Act for Naturalizing Jofah Child, an Infant, of the Age of Nine Years.

An Act for Naturalizing SJohn Francis Gabriel Bize, and Samuel Grelict.

A11 AM for Naturalizing Abraham Huber.

An Act for Naturalizing Bodolph Nicholas and Abraham Du Buis.

An Act for Naturalizing John Michael

Wiegand, John VollrahtKeltler, Gerhard Ketller, and James Shcdel.

Di/ceroy

ofchc

An ingrafted Bill for the Encouragment of John Harrison, to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, for the Discovery of the Locgi- Lmgitude. tude at Sea, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

J To leave out "intituled An AM:

To leave out ‘‘intituled An AM:’*

After " Longitude," to insert, "or the major Part of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon t lie Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: A11J that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of John to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine,

Pr. 2. 1-

a.

Pr. 3. 1. 6.

Pr. 6. 1.19.

taw

oft!

Ciio

fyjrl

Brio

Who

present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, Moor or Common within the Manor of Evenwood, and Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Chapelry of Saint Helen's, Auckland, and County of Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

y ]6 A Mcjlage.

Viijf

to:

Bill)

tr*

3 Gio. III.

240 — 25° Martii.

nr

of

Assignment by Hope’s Executors.

Dr. Blyth’s Bencfactions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr.

Harris.:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Executors of John Hope to assign'to Trustees, Twenty thousand Pounds of the Stock or Capital therein mentioned, Part of the Marriage Portion of Jane the Wife -of John Esqu ire, to be

employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the

Effects, being the Produce of dertaiu Places cededft0 France and Spain, by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties, as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty'* Pollession; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tin’s House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

enable the Master, Fellows, and __________ __

College of Clarehall, in the University of Cambridge, to fcr authorising the Executors of John Hope to assign to

alter and vary the Benefactions of Doctor Blylh, and Trustees, Twenty thousand Pounds of the Stock or to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said Col- Capital therein mentioned. Part of the Marriage Por-Jege,-in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of Everfoh tion of Jane the Wife of John Palerson, Esquire, to be

Assignmont by Hope's Executors,

DaftrMd't

JS dates.

with Tekoorth, and Great Gin the Counties of

Bedford and Huntingdon-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samkel Dashicood, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances; and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same to the Blue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed, was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered That all Committees be revived.

Committees

Revived.

luipfl»vemmK of the Customt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr. Ofieald, Sir John Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Olders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more efle&uaJ/an Act made in the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury s that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Holboum, which lies in the County of Middlesex; ’ the several Liberties of the Rol and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lanwhich lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Westminster

Paving.

Supply Bill; Duties oa HW

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom } and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; gild for raising a Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to he charged on the said Duties; was regd the Third Time.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right of Voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

Elections j preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

A Motion was made and the Quetiion being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tcl/ers for (fie Yeas, j MiJ/fu/r

Tu,'erer°rt|,oNoes-farr)f»fcrt

So it was resolved in the Affirmative; And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imjtorted into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three million Five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Dut

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Silk ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Works, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk " Works."

Ref deed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, American upon ‘ the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Indico, Ac. Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico' in the British Plantations in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 25* Martii;

s Frederick, is of Chrifchu

man Harley,

Ladbroke.

J106.

? 55

Jy Bill; A - Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of ijFund. Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1 763; was read a Second Time.

Refoh'ed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, upon the said Bill.

til; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

cr’ or Exchequer Bills, for the Year 1 j6$; and for allowing His Majesty’* Subjects to import their Goods and Vos. 29.

Anno j® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1763. Prayers.

ANt ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Bull at Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads therein to be mentioned; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 10. After " the," to insert " Eleven," and to leave out " Fortnight next after the passing this Act," and insert . " 1763," instead thereof.

7 P And

Lawton

and

Burslem

Road.

6io 25 0 Martii. 1763.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of to and

cafile under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Litton An logrolled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-n ure" mon Failures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tidefwelt, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Refolced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Pailures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Li'ton, in the Parish of in the County of

Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Canterbury An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Parish Church Church. Qf saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, and for rebuilding the said Church in a more convenient Place, Was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Andrexv, in the City of Canterbury, and for building a new Church in a more convenient Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Bejl do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dafliwood’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftatm. for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Samuel

wood, Esquire in Trullees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances; and for providing an Equivalent, or Compensation for the fame, to the Ilfue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement; was read the First Time.

Rcfotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dr. Blvth’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A Benefactions, to enable the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of Clarehall, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaelions Blyt/i, and to

appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of Everton with

Tetworlh, and Great Grathe Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second 'Lime.

Maidenhead Mr\ Vans'tarlreported from the Committee, to

Ht0. whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Rj'idge to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridg; in the County of Berks; was committed, That the Committee hud examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout.; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, vyere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Nunny A Petition of several Trullees appointed to put in Kead. Execution an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening several Roads,

" leading from and near the Town of Breudon, in the " County of Somerset" and of several Persons who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said A; was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is depending for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Nurtny, in the County of SomerJ'et; and alleging, that if the said Bill fixould pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it would render it impracticable for the Trullees to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair for the future, and would be highly injurious to the several Persons who have advanced Mouey on the Credit of the said Act, as well as to the Persons having Estates; or residing near the said Roads, and to the Trade and Manufactures of the Country in general:

And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may lie heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Iliad seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Walter Blackett reported from the Committee, to NwciWi whom the Bill for lighting the Streets and other Places, Ty<* and maintaining a regular and nightly Watch, within the Town and County of the Town and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, "be Ingrossed.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order prime made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the Buiindi. House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day after Two of the Clock.

M r. For refer reported from t he Coin m it tee, to whom York

the Bill for carryinginto Execution an Agreement en- Buildings tered into between the Governor and Company of Cn- Comp*ov' dertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trullees for Annuitants on Lives, William Lock, Esquire, his Grace Edward Duke of and

Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick, Knight, and 'lie Reverend Samuel Grove, Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorizing and di-reeling the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed ! a Sale of such Parts of the Estates Pan-

mure, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander Garden, Esquire; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (but with respect to the said Governor and Company, the Agent to the Trustees for the Annuitants informed the Committee,

That

fin

W

We

I*,.

tab

Wk

fcC,

U

*S

it

it

j.

it

Hi

b

3 Geo. III.

25° Marlii.

611

vesting several Mefluags, Lands, and Tenements, Jate the Ertate of James Joye, Esquire, deceased, situate in the

Parirti of Saint Mary le Strandin the County of

dltfex, in new Trustees, and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and Importation

of Butter*

That the Trustees for the Annuitants have not done any Act but under the Authority of the Company, who gave their Consent to the said Trustees signing the Agreement with the Duke of Norfolk, in the Year 1756, and also the Petition for the present Bill; and the Solicitor to the Governor and Company informed the Committee, That he had received Notice for him* self and the Governor to attend the Committee; and that he did shew the same to the Governor, who gave for Answer, That he could not attend it, being obliged others, employed in the manufacturing, buying, and to go out of Town; that the Governor and Company vending of Woollen Cloth, in and near the several did not intend to give any Opposition to the Bill, till Market Towns of Rochdale and in the County

they were acquainted with the Nature of the Duke of Palatine was presented to the House, and

Norfolk's Demand, which was, after the presenting the read, Setting forth. That a large and extensive Trade Petition for the Bill, but a Draught of a Petition of hath been carried on for many Years by the Petitioners, the Governor and Company, prepared to be presented in the making and vending Woollen Cloths, commonly to the House of Commons in this present Session of called Broad and Narrow Bays, as well for Home Con-Parliament, for the Sale of the Estates to be sold by fumption as for Exportaion; 8nd that such Trade hath and for the Purposes of the Bill, being shewn to the of late Years been very much increased, and that said Solicitor, he owned the same was prepared by him Grease, or dale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, is by the Direction of the Company, wherein every Par- an essential Ingredient or Material for preparing their ticular of the Duke of Norfolk's Debt w as dated, and Wool for Spinning and Manufacturing; and that no

it.

Material yet known, or found out, can be substituted so as equally to answer the Purposes of the Manufactory j and that the Petitioners labour under greatDirticulties in procuring the fame; and that the Price of it hath, within these Two last Years, been veiy much enhanced, and a sufficient Supply for the Use of the Manufactory, cannot be procured by the Petitioners upon any Terms u hatsoever; and alleging. That the Petitioners appre-

Plrt n Iodutare.

Duke t f

being atked. Whether the Trustees for the Annuitants would have signed the Petition, but at the Desire of ttie Company? said, He believed they would not;) and that the Committee hart gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then hend, that the permitting the free Importation of such a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question Grease, or rtale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. from Ireland, would be the Means of enabling the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Petitioners to procure a sufficient Supply thereof and ingrossed. of greatly extending and improving the said Woollen

Trade and Manufactory, and would be attended with A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Iiolfordand Mr. many other useful and beneficial Consequences to the Harris: Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

Mr. Speaker, given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of such Grease, or rtale and dirty Butter, under such for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Privisions and Itertrictions as to the House shall seem

Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parirti of Pirton, in the County of Wo reefer, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with

it* discharge certain Manors and Lands in the County of their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

r.ltate*, rr/l..\i. n _ c a _ j _* :_r____j _ t __ j Oi______

Bedford, the Estates of l he Molt nobfe George Duke of

Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements

-obv's

'hlXiont

to

Cmllcge.

rrl’s

cut.

created and entered into by the fa Duke, whereby the said Ertatrs were to be set tled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother of the said Duke, and his Ift'ue, in rtrjCt Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, in lieu and

likewise for varying and into Execution certain

other Trusts and Agiv incuts the said Duke for the Making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lauds, in the County of Lincoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and lllne, in like rt riel Settlement; and to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, Of Jcfus College, in the Universityof Cambridge, to alter and vary

the Benefac! ion of Doctor Edmund Sir Thomas

.Proby, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of t he faitI College, in the Augmentation of several final!

I leftories and Vicarages; to which the fords desire the

Concurrence of this 1 Ionic: And also.

The Lords have paifctl a intituled, An Act for ve ding certain fonds in the Counties and

br, r/ge, belonging to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Jcfus College, the University of Ctt, abridge, in Sir William Maynard, Baronet, and his Hei rs; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

T.he Lords have puffed, a Bill, intituled, An Act for . Tot. 29.

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Sir Ellis Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sir John Phi-

lipps, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Curysfort, Mr. JackJim, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. RobinfMr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Townshend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sandys, Sir Abdy, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shelley, Lord Frederic Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Shiftier, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Burt, Mr. Chester,

Mr. Ward, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Lord

Mr. Luttrell, Lord Orwell, Mr. West, Lord Malpas:

and all the Members wdio serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Chester, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Durham, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

reported from the Committee, to whom _ . .,

lend, and render more effectual, so much 5 Road,.86

Mr. Ward the Bill to amend, of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in " Cradley; and from Pedmore to Holly Halls and from " Colly Gate to Ilalejbicen; and from the Turn pike Road " on Dudley Wood to Rednul Green, in the Parirti of " King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn, " at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford,

" and Salop s" as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from

Carter's

612

25 9Marti. 3.

Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therednto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Proby’s Ati ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Benefactions to enable the Mailer, Fellow's, and Scholars, of Jesus College, in the University of alter and

j us cgc. vapy tj)e fjenefiicTion.oT Dr. Edmund Proby and Sir Thomas Proby, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of several small lieftories and Vicarages, was read the J'irft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marlborough's to difcMrgecertain Manors and Lands in the County of £states. Bedford, the Estates of the Molt noble George Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trulls and Agreements created and entered into by the said Duke, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother of file faicT Duke, and his Issue, in strict Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying and carrying into Execution certain other Trulls and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the county of ‘Lincoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and his I flue, in like ftfift Settlement; and for other Purposes; was read the Flrli Time.

' Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maynard’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act iovrflmfnr. fnr viftling certain Lands in’ the Counties of Errand Cambridge, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Jesus College, in the University of Cahibridge, in Sir William Maynard, Baronet, and

his Heirs, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

JovA An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eia.rfb. for vefnng several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, lute the Estate of James Joye, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of St. Mary Strand, the County of Middlesex, in new Trustees; and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Arpfnn Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, reported from the

Jndofmr. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing (be Common Fields, a Commonable Cow Paftnre, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of

Bucks, was committed, That the.Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tn be true; and that the Parties concerned had, given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (rxrvptM/ikaclWoodward, Nicholas Lucas, lenior, Lewis Goodman, Thomas Goodman, who, being

tidiedtosign a Bill, testifying their Consent, and whose Infercft in the said l^tndsand Grounds amounts to^.31 a Year, or thereabouts, but the Witness could not ascertain the Interest of the said Goodman and Thomas Goodman, laid, that they had no objectioo to the Inclosure, but did not care tosign; and also except

Luke Gopd/nan and Edward Chad, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is £.16 a Year; Edward Chad said, he was by no means for it, and Luke Goodman Ip id, he would neither meddle nor make; and also except.

Joseph Etheridge,a Minor, whose Interest in the sauf Lands and Grounds is £. 38 a Year; and Maty Etheridge, his Guardian, whole Interest in the said La yds and Grounds is £. 16 a Year, said, die never was for it, as being a Woman, and having nobody to look after her Fencing; and also except LouglUoti, John,

Goodman, and Son, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is £. 24 a Year; John Goodman said, lie would Jose his Life before he would lose his Land; his Son said, he did not care to meddle; and also except John Goodman, who being asked to sign a Bill, testifying his Consent, and whose Interest in the said Lands ana Grounds *sf-r>5 a Year, laid he would not sign it; and except Sear Newman, whose Interest in the said Lands

and Grounds amounts tOj£. 30 a Year, who said he had ho Objection to it, but did not care to meddle or upon Account of his Father beingfomuch again!! it; and jt appeared to your Committee, by Articles of Agreement, dated the3iftDayofZ)mwi/>eri 761, that the said JolmGoodman and Sear New man did thereby consent and £gree to an Inclosure of all the Open and Common^ able Fields, Lands, Cow Failure, and Fields, within Ihq said Parish of SimpJ'on, and to pay their respective Pro-pbrtions of the Expence of an ACtof Parliament, and other theneceflary Expences attending the fame; and also except John Newman, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is £.30 a Year, who said lie would hot sign it; and also except Nicholas Lucas the younger, whose Interest in the said Fields is £. 36 a Year, who said he had no Objection to sign, if the Cow Failure had been left open; and also except Daniel whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is £.25 a Year, who refused signing; and also except George Wilkes, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is £. 1. 1 ov. a Year, who said he had no Occasion tosign, bepause he had agreed with Mr. Hanmer, for the Pur- . chafe of his Commons; and also except Richard Goodman, Edward Ashxvellfor a Minor, Edward Cooke, and John Fox, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds together amounts to £, 5. 10 a Year, who were not applied to; and also except Sarah Hawes, Widow, who is lately dead; and also except George Stone, whose Interest in the said Lands and Grounds is ^.3 a Year, who was not applied to, because he had fold his Interest to Mr. llanmcr, who has consented to the Bill; and also except Six out of Eight of the Feoffees, of Lands belonging to the Poor o which Lands arc of the yearly Value 24; and also except the Feoffees of certain Charity Lands and Grounds, of the yearly Value of £. 16, William Cooper, One of the Feoffees, being asked to sign a Bill testifying his Consent, said he was against it; and that the yearly Value of the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Fields, Cow Pallure, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, amounts to Seven hundred Ninety-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings, or thereabouts;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whicl\ they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable:

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of John Goodman and Nicholas Luca r Gentlemen^ and others, whose Names are thereunt 5 subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands in th e Open and Common Fields, Lammas- Grounds an d Failures, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was also read.. ... J

' ' . A nd

fimfon Iuciolure*

or:

V!r,i

Sdy

3 Geo. III.

25*- — 0,6'

613

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Names subscribed to the said Petition against the Bill were read.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard by Way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noi-s go forth

Tellers for tile Yeas, 5

/ Lord If interton:

Tellers for the Noes.

j

34-

Rice grown in Carolina.

J Lord Ven " ’[ Mr. Lovett:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being fevqrally read aSecond Time, were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he adjourned till after the House/ball have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the , adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants in London, Planters in South , and

Owners of Ships trading to Ili.s Majesty’s said Province in America, and also the Petition of several Merchants

residing in the City of Brijland Owners of Ships' trading to His Majesty’s Province of South , in

America, were severally referred;

Ordered, That, the further Consideration of the said

Report be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instructkm to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read; -

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Election*; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole preventing House, upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent and occa-. fional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire,. Counties, fofaras relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk "Works."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning^ resolve itfdfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the 21st and 28th Years of His late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Making of Indico in the British Plantations in America.

Silk

Works.

Supply Bill;

American Indico, See.

Supply Bills Sinking fund.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain-Sum of Mopev out of the Sinking l:u and for applying

certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 176,3;

Ordered, That it be an InlRuftion Committee, That they hare. Power to receive a. Clause of

Credit. . > ',»

Then, the House resolved mitfee. ! -:

Mr. Speaker , left the Chair. y u:

Sir. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Corny tri if tee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made ievefaf Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

J Ordered, That tthe Report he received Tomorrow '

'Morning. 1

The Order made this Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, a Commonable Cow Paftiire, the Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was committed, after the House should have. prOr ceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Re]>ort into further Consideration. ..

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by. the House. ' (

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,'be jpgrpfledi:

And tljen the House adjourrted till To-anorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. . i

SimpfoB

inclosure.

Bill}

"quer

Is.

Sabbat i, 26? die Martii;

Ajijk> 30 111'" Regis, .1763., ,. ,.

P^ras. . y . ! .< 'I

ft. Whichcot reported from the Corpxmttee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclotift^ federal Common Fields and Grounds, withrn the FarilR’ Of allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods Lrlenlhnmi Chunty of Idneoln, was committed,

and Eftefts, being the Produce of certain Places ceded That the Committee had examined the Allegations of ' to France and Spdiu by the late Treaty'of Peace, upon the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Payment of the same Duties as they would iiavfr been had given tlnfirCopfent to

liable to, if such Places had remained ip His Majesty’s tlpe of the Committee} except , Foots, }

Possession; ' . whp is:poffdfed of fboa| Eight, JPqgpd0/» Year^gnd

Vox.29. ' ‘ ' ' ‘ 7-0-

f The Order of the Day being road, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Year 1763; and for

Olcnthara

Inctofure.

laid

614

16° Marttt.

A. 1763.

said he was not against the Bill; and that the whole of raging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies >in *' r r 1 1 - *- , was read aSecond Time.

Winster

Inclosure.

the Lands within the said Parish are valued at £. 499 a Year; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppbfe the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; aiyl, upon the Q.ueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Satidys reported from the Committee, to whom

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the Obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually securing the Payment

Preventinj Frauds in making of Malt.

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winster, in the Obtaining of Allowances, and the Mixing of freili Parish of Youlgreavc, in the County of Derby, was Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt,

committed. That the Committee had examined the OrderedfVbzt Mr. Alderman Dick do carry the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the fathe to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent? to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of Lands in the said Moor* whose Interest amounts to the annual Value of £.183 16s. or thereabouts, who could not be found;) and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to the annual Value of £.1,041. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and, made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read' throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

m grafted.

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Merton Open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, ImW"*-in the County of Oxford, and for making a Corapenfa-tion for Common of Pasture and Tithes anting the rein,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common' Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, and for making a Compensation for Common of Pasture and Tythes arising the rein.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

York

Buildings.

An ingrossed Bill for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trustees for Annoitantson Lives, William Lock Esquire, his Grace Edu ard Duke of Norfolk and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and di-resting the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of mure, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet and Alexander Garden, Esquire; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives, William Lock, Esquire, his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick, Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove, Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising an'd directing the

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better and more easy Re-building the Town of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, and for

determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful Eire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, -with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk's 'l'able: Where the Amendments were Once read^throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several1 of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Toxvnjhend, junior, reported from the Committed, to whom the Bill for the better paving of thfe Streets, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in the-Town of in the County of

‘Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

Rebuilding Wirdun Town, tie

Gosport

Siicei'.

, r-o , 1 1 through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to aSaleofech unto 5which. they had directed him to report to the

Parts of the Estates of Marifchall Panmare, Southejk, Hopfe and hd /ead the Report in his Pla^e, and af_

*nd others, pursuant to the said Agreement a* w^e -tcward? tf^red the Bill, with the Amendments, in kafi^to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander thfc'Cferk’,s Table; Where the Report was reatf.,

Garden, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Forrester do carry the Bill to tile Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And feyerhl of the Amendments made by the Committee" to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme1 of them were disagreed to;, feme of them were A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the postponed; and the rest were, with Amendments*® ugarCokmkf. Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, several of them, agreed to‘by the House.

intituled, An Act for the Wetter Securing and EficoU- Ordered, That the said Bill be re-commftW<L.

u Ordered,

Supply Bill; Trade to the

Rich’s Bib re.

Supply Bill; linking Fund

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Lord

Colcrane’i

Will.

3 Geo. III. 260 — 28° Mar tit. 615

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Mefftmges, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney/, in the County of late the

Kliate of Edward Pickering Pick, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Purclmfe-money in discharging Incumbrances affecting the feme, and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Heir, an Infant: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the I^ill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1763, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and Ire read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Year 1763; and for allowing his Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and'Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been lrabhe to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ♦he Report in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when-the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, apd rendering more effectual, an Act made io the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, "Silk Works.’*

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the ' Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch within' the said Parish; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expence* of repairing the said Parish Church; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that several other , Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Lunce, 2 8° die Martii; Anno 3* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry/ late Lord Co in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to an

Annuity payable to Rose Duplejfis, and also to a certain

Sum payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William Basset; aivd to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned.

Mr.’ Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker tofumed the Chair.

Mr; Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to t>0 true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to tire Satisfeftion' of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone Voc. £9.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley;

in the County of Berks-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge; in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vanjittart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Nezv Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Higher Water Gate and Redruth, through Ponfnooth and GzcennapMoors, and the.Parishes of Gluvlas, Perrant

Arwothall,

Elections} preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

Silk

Works.

Whitechapel Streets, &c.

Maidenhead

to

Henley

Road.

Penrjei

Roads.

6i 6

28° MartiL

A. 1763.

A nvothnll, Slit hearts, Gwennap, and Redruth, in the

feid County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing the carrying of the Road through Gardens, Orchards, and certain other Places:

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Roads Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the* County of his late Majesty- King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town o(Derby. to the Town of Newcajtleunder in the County of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road front Cliffe BaJtk to S'napeMarsh, in the Village «f

Shelton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Pill to enable the Parishioners of the

rjppb'

inki

Fun

Stourbridge

Roads.

leading from New Street and Pig Street, in in

the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Puller do carry the Bill to the Lords and defife their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more ef-(eftual, i'o much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Road from the Market House M bridge to Colly Gate in Cradley and from Pedmore to Holly Hull; and from Colly Gate to Hale/biven

Derby

arc.

Road.

of to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground

for an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish, was read t he Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 13. I. 1. To leave out

the Line to " and, " in 1. 22.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

the Bill do pass: And that the Title and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to be, An Act for vesting certain Parcels of Land, in

Hinnv?r

Sq"?.re

Burls!

Ground.

from the beginning of

Re dual Green, in the Parish of and

" from Carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at North field; in the Counties, of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop;" as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wcod to RednalGreen; and from Carter's Lane to the

Bell Inn at North field; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, in the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the said County; and ft r appropriating the same for a Burial Ground for the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Lord Midleton do carry the Biff to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the Miipyr and Parish in the

\tyil

tlOrt)1

Mi.

Stone

Cotumua.

intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the County of was read the Third lime.

Glentham

Inclosure.

Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly " Gate in Cradley; and from Pedmore to Holly Hall;

" and from Colly Gate t o IIalef and from the T urn-

" pike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the " Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane to " the Bell Inn at. North field; in the Counties of IFar-.

" infer, Stafford, and Salop;" as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Green; and from Carter's Lane to the Bell at North-

field.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Glentham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and iuclofmgfeveral Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Glentham, in the County, of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 32c! Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Ncxucunder Lyne, in the County of Stafford;: and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffe Bank to Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 33. After "Ware," to insert "only."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign 20

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr Doxvdefw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorising the Executors of John Hope to assign to Trustees Twenty thousand Pounds of the Stook or Capital therein mentioned, Part of the Marriage Portion of Jane the Wife of John Paterjim, Esquire, to be employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressoik was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. derburn,. M.r. Maiobey, Mr. Mr.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Plumplre, Mr, Lowndes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Mr. Wilhruham,

Mr. Toxcnjhcnd, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Fuller, Lord Gordon, Mr. Hume; Mr. Mr. John Pitt,

Lord Midleton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cujl, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr Glover, Sir John Gibbons. Mr. Ed-

mon/lon, Lord George Sackvile, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Damer, Mr. Dowdejioell, Sir; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of jtfirf-dlesex, lijj'ex, Hertford, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iii the Speaker’s Chamber.

AffiipHKnt by Hope’* Executors.

I Sft-7 I fMI

Lnw

Concrnvn*

A.* ,

Sir Robert. Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and . other Vessels, \yas committed, That the Committee had.oxaipjned the Allegations of the Bill, , and found the same to be true-,iand. that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Report to t he House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Biff, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

28° Martii.

i'7

t’btr tin(C’riciits wft-eoiiee read throngliout 5 and then

a Second Ti^ne, one by one; ami, upon the Question ftry^rally putthereupoivwej'e agreed to by the House.

Ordered; Thit the? Bill; ‘with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ' " * 1

And then the Meflbngers withdrew.

Supply BHI; Sinking Fund.

' Thy House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Westminster Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, Paving-amend, and render mote effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving*

An ingrossed Bill for granting; to His Majesty a cer- cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, tain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking fund; and for within the City and Lilierty of Westminster, the Parishes applying certain MOqits, rftnaining in the Exchequer, ‘of Saint Giles in the Saint George ! for the Service of the Year 1763; was read thelnfitd Saint; that Part of the Tarish

Time.

’Andreio's Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex’,

Rejoined, That the Bill do pafjs: And that the Title the several Liberties of the Rolls and 5 and that ’be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Part of the Duchy of which lies in the

of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances

_ _ . \ F ' I VI I r______ t M . AM.I IVvn AH U>1 *% AMA *-» MM AM A> t AM AA1

certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service* of tire Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

Ordered, fbo* Mi\ Alderman pitkhtfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence-

therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

’ Mr. Speaker led the Chair.

' Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee; that they t ’had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money men’ts thereunto; which they had difefted him to report, E B‘lTlU*r Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Year 1763; and when the House will please to receive the same.

1 ' for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow . \ Goods and Effects, behigthe Produce of certain Places Morning, deeded to France.amX Spmn6y the*late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the fonie' Duties, as they would have been liable to, if such Places had’remained in His Ma-jetty's Possession; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do'pass; And that the Title %e, An Act for raising a certain -Sum of Money by Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s said Province Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year in; and also the Petition of several Merchants

One thousand Seven bphdred and Sixty-three; and for residing in the City of Bristol, and Owners of Ships further appropriating die Supplies grauted in this Sef- trading to His Majesty’s Province of ill

fion of Parliament; and for allowing his Majesty’s Sufi- America; were severally referred; jests to import their Goods and Enbftsj being the Pro- Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said duee of certain Placesceded to France and Spain by the Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-

late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same ing.

Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do Carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants in London, Planters in South Carolina, and

Rice grown in Carolina.

Ejpfniiiturc of the public Money.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A. c?n upon the Bill to continue Two Acts made in the lift n lco’ c' and a8th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign for en- Mr. Kynaston, from the Committee appointed to take couraging the making of Indico, in the British Planta-

irito Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts tions in;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Greenwich

Hospital.

presented to this House in the present or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the public Money linee the Commencement of the late War, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Five may be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Five be the Qdorum of the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Bonner:

Mr-. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Commiflroners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen lit Greenwich, after defraying the neoeflary Expences thereof, -to provide for such Seamen worn out-and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who iha.ll not be provided for Wilhiii the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive

The Order of the Day being read for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "Trade to the

upon the Hill to continue and amend an Act made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerarte, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, inTruft for Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to an Annuity payable to Rose and also

Sugar Coionicf.

Lord

Coleranc’i

Will.

such Pensions, as shall be granted them by the said to a certain Sum payable to Henry Knight, and Anne the

Halkin

Mountain

Road.

Commissioners or Governors, in the most easy and convenient Maimer; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame; without any Amendment: And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from the House of Thomas Hughes,

Wife of William BaJ/et -, and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned; was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Carteret Webb do make the said Report.

Mr. Carteret Webb accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

Efipiire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain, to Farm, and to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in across the Old Poll Road, in Couiifillt Vechan, to a House his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the,

at KantyMoch, ill Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Gill, in the County of Flint, without any Amendment. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a *Voir 29. 7 R Second

<Si8

28 — 29° Martii.

A. 1763.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And fcreral Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

a

The other Order of the Day being read;

lk Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn* Work*, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the ipth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk " Works."

Importation The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to of Buuer. whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and others, employed in the manufacturing, buying, , and vending of Woollen Cloth, in and near the several Market Towns of Rochdale and Bury, in the County ' Palatine of Lancaster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as (blloweth; viz....

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard, Gore and Mr. Geo. Walmsley being severally examined, laid, That they are Mauurafturers of Bays at Rochdale, which Trade is very oonsiderable, and empJoys the Inhabitants of a Trad of Twelve or Thirteen Miles fauare, which is very populous. — That the chief of this Manufactory is exported to Spain, Portugal, Germany, and other Parts. — That it has incre&fed very considerably. — That Wool cannot be manufactured without Grease^ and that Grease or stale Butter is the properefl for the Purpose. — That there is a Species of Wool called Crake, or Slink Lamb Wool, which can’t be manufactured with any Ingredient but Grease or stale Butter. — That great Quantities of such Wool, to the Amount of 2,000 Packs, is manufactured in that Country in a Year. — That die Quantity of such Grease or stale Butter, now to be had, is not a Quarter of the Quantity necessary in the Manufactory j and that the 'Scarcity is chiefly owing to the great Increase of the Manufactory, and the late bad Seasons, whereby the

Price is become double to what it used to be.

And both the Witnesses added, That, in their Apprehension, the permitting the Importation from Ireland of such Grease or stale and dirty Butter, would lx; a Means of supplying the Manufactory with a sufficient Quantity thereof, and thereby greatly extend and improve the said Manufactory.

Upon the wfioley the Committee came to the following llesolution*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Manufactory of Broad and Narrow Bays, in and about Rockdale and Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is large, extensive, and increasing; and that great Quantities thereof are exported to Portugal, German}), and other Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committees That, for want of a sufficient Quantity of stale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter, which is used in the said Manufactory, the Manufacturers are greatly (liftrelied; and the Manufacture is is danger of being reduced, and the Exportation of such Goods greatly lelfoned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the permitting the Importation, from Ireland, into the Port of Liverpool, of stale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter, will-be advantageous to the Manufacturer, and of great public Utility.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland, into the Port-of Liverpool^ of stale and dirty Butter,: not fit far eating, commonly called Grease Butter: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Skuttleworth, Sir Ellis and

Mr. Fuller^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is y 29® die Martii

» -

Anno of Georgii III*" Regis, 1763.

Praters.' t. ’ ,

AN ingrafted Bill from the Xprds, intituled, An A Dr. bum to enable the Master, Feiiojvs, end Scholars, of the College of ClarehuU.,in the Uoirerfity of Cambridge,

to alter and vary the Benefactions of Qo&or Myth, and R

to appropriate the feme fan the Benefit of the feld Cob lege, in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of'Everton with Teiworth, and Great Gratffden, in the Counties of

Bedford and Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the; Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Tozonjhend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Thomas Fonereau, Lord Palmerfion, Mr. Ryder, Sir Eduard Mr,

Plumptre, Sir Walter WggstqffBagot, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Hewett, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Alderman Diekinfpn, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. nafion, Mr. Edmomston, Mr. Shutfletcorlh, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Sir JarriI Smith, Mr. Montagu,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Lord , Mr.

Fuller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Wedderburn, Mr. Beji, Lord MalpMr. Finch, Mr.

Campbell, Me. Milles, Sir Robert Mr. Maw-

bey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Bedford, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and

Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Cleansing and Enlightening the Streets,

Lanes, and Public Ways of the City of Turk, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Peter,

within the said City; and for keeping the same m Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen aim Draymen, within the feme; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements. Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Ta in the County of Devon, and elsewhere, in his Grace John Duke of Tivital Bedford; and for settling and assuring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing out of Lands and Teuenteuts belonging to the said Diuke, for I

the Purposes in the Bill mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

*' . Pwhj’j

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Btnrfwkw to enable the blastpr, Felloes, apd Scholars* of jR/itt

A Coilegt,

Y*k

Dub of Btdfor<l'i Eftttet

life

k

t k

>«d

Hi

Ac)

fc

ioi

4

In

4

v

si

fc

k

3 Geo. III. 2$>0 Martii. 619

College, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaction of DoCior Edmund Prnby and Sir . Thomas Prvhy, and to appropriate the same for the Be-. nefit of the said College, in the Angnientation of several small Itectoriesand Vicarages, was read A Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Toumfftend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lord

Mr. Ryder, Sir Edward Mr. Plumptre, Sir

Walter Wagstaf Bagot, Mr. , Sir Roger Neicdi-

gate, Mr. Mi ties, Mr. I Mother, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pn/ce Campbell, Lord Midleton, Mr. toprtk. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Kynaston Mr. Campbell, Mr. Matobcy, Lord Adam Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Which -; cot, Mr. 'Thomas Fonereau, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hume, Mr.

Latvndef, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ro/s, Lord Grey, Mr. Thomas Tonnfoend Junior, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Judiuonffon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wedderbvm, Mr. Adams, Sir Alexander Gitmour, Mr.

Townsend, Mr. Wauchope, Mr.

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Pugh Prices and all the Members who ferEe for the Countie* of Cambridge, Suffolk,

Bucks, Uncoln, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet , this Afternoon, at'Five Of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

Simpfrn An ingrossed Bill fordividing and inclosing the Com-ladofure. nio» Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common Meadows, Lanimas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari Hi of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common - Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, the Common

Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Daftwood {Doffed gill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for vetting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel -1 wood, Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Com pen fation for the fame, to thelflue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr Mr. Parker,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Northey, Mr. Chefer, Mr. Totvnjhend, Sir Robert Ludbroke, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr.

Mr. Harris, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clive, Mr. Hume, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. (lajcoyne, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Ixncndes, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Cuji, Mr. Bed, Sir George Warren, Mr. Thomas Toton-Jhend, Mr. Wedderhum, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. CrefioeMr. Mfiles, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brud Mr. ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Middlesex, Lincoln, Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

w An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act u for vetting certain Lands in the Counties of Essex and Cambridge, belonging to the Matter, Fellows, and . Scholars, of the College called Jesus College, in the University of Cambridge, in Sir William Maynard, Baronet, and his Heirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Thomas Tcmnshend, Junior, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Northey, Lord Pal-merson, Mr. BiiUer, Sir William , Mr. Town-

«, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mont, Mr. Gore, Mr, Harris,

Cary for!, Mr. Norris, Lord Grey, Lord MvUpas,

.. Yot. 29.

Mr.Plumptre, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Edtmon-son, Mr. Pitt, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Cuff,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wqf, Mr. Montagu, Lord Midleton,

Mr. Milles, Mr. Campbell, Mr. John Mr. Oaf-coy ne, Mr. Bcf, Mr. Brudenell;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render Mw* more effectual, an y\d made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, concerning new Bw*b. making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, concerning new making of Barrels, Kilderkins, and other Vessels.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Iuidbroke do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cora- Winder mon Moor, or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of l*cW«v* Winfier, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor, or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of fler, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County* of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingross*ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Meflimges, Lands, and Tenements, *" late the Estate of James Joye, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, ip new Trustees, and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pennant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewett, Sir Roger Nervdigate,

Mr. Bull, Lord Midleton, Mr. Penton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynafon,

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Shuttleworth, Colonel Irwin,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Darner, Mr. RydMr. Edmonsion, "Mr. Jennings, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Townshtmd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Baam, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Staunton, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Weff, Mr. Tucker, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. F°neneau, Lord Winter ton, Mr. Wilson,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Upton, Mr . OnjlSir am

Knatchbull Wyndham-, and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Surrey,

and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of to discharge certain Manors and Lands, in the County Marlborough’* of Bedford, the Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements, created and entered into by the said Duke, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer,

Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in strict Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, in lien thereof; and likewise for varying and carry ing into Execution certain other Trusts and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of IJncoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, now an In flint, another Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in like strict Settlement; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bil) be committed to Colonel

x Irwin,

630

299 Sharp

A. 1763.

Irwin, Mr. Keck, Mr. Loiother, Mr. Parker, Lord Annoyances, in the Town of Gosport, in the County (JiarlesSfxncer, Mr. Harris, Lord Strange, Mr. Bur- of was re-committed. That the Commit-

goyne, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. B/tiler. Colonel Brtidc_tee -had made several other Amendments Jo the Bill, nell, Mr. Bushout, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Toxvnjhcnd, Mrj ..which they had directed him to report to the House,

I Valler, Mr. Be/, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Mr. Begot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wedder- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the burn, Wr. Bciuiderk, Lord Worth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Edmonfou, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Serjeant Hexvitt, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Camp- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

bell, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Douidefieell. Mr. Hume, Sir several of them were disagreed to, and the fest were

, John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Sackville, f Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Brand, Mr. Ward,

Mr.' Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Mr. Foley,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Penton Lord Mr.

Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Sir James

J) a/wood, Mr. Loxvndes, Mr. Damet', and all the

Private

Bufipefs.

agreed to, by t tie House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,-be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltie his Warrarttto the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new'Writ for the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bed- Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-ford, Bpcks, Lincoln, and Northampton:And they are ment for the Borough of Tottufs, in the.Countymf

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Devon, in the room of Bi'oxvze Tri/l, Esquire, who. Speaker’s Chamber. sincehis Election for the said Borough, hith accepted

the. Office of Steward of His. Majesty’s Manor of Old Ordered, ThatTeave be given to move the House , in the County of

Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Tomtfi

Writ

Whirerhaptl

Hoads.

M T. Gascoynereported from the Committee, to w’hom

the Hill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church to Woodford-, and for enlight-

ening and watching Part of the said Road from White-c/w/*'/Church to Stratford-, and for repairing and widening the Road through the Pariffiesof C/ngrw//and Lam-. bourn, in the Counties of Middlesex and EJJ'ex; \yas committed, That the Committee had examined the Al-

Tho Lord Strangepresented to the House, according Importatioa

to Order, a Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland, into the Port of Liverpool, of dale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Martin presented to the House, according to Impiowont Order, a Bill for the further Improvement of His Ma- of Uc jesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encourage-

Custooif.

legatious of the Bill, and found the same to be true; meat of Officers making Seizures; and for the Pre-

Expendiiurc of the Public Money.

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and tnade several Amendments thereunto; which theyh^d directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the l louse.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Qualification of the Trustees:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being tilled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Treasurer to give Security:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston, from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration the several Kfciuiatco and Accounts presented to this House in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application

Still

Work*.

vention of the.clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions': And the same was received; and read the Firstl ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Art made in the i^th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk " Works," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Wrftmidr Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for paving, uleanfing, and lighting tho Squares, Streets, and t-anes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint. George the

Martyr, Saint George Blocmsbury, that Part of the Pari 111 of Saint Andrew's, Holbouwhich lies in the County of Middlesex-, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy -, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances 1 herein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which

or Expenditure of the public Money, since the Com- they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Gosport

Streets*

lnencement of the late War, acquainted the House, Thar he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the said Committee have leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And Mr. Kynaston moved the House accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to lit, notwithstar.ding any Adjournment of the House-

jf

Mr. Thomas Toxvnjhend, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, of the Streets, and for preventing Nui fiances, and other *9

read (lie Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's "Fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and -the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to, by the House: And an -Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrpfted.

Ordered,

3 Geo. III.

29° — 3 0°

&2t

Supply Bill; American indico, ice.

Rice grown in Carolina

might be entered upon in the Hdufe this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any Private Bufinest, may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, i.iitifiited. An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney, in the County of late the

Estate of Edward Pickering Pitch, ptirfuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Purchase-riioney in discharging Incumbrances aftefting the fame, and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Ileir, an Infant; was read a Second Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Shuftleworth, Sir Charles Frederick, Mi*. Burt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Beji, Lord Digby, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Charles Kemys Tynt, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Nor; Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the at ft and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Intimation to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 30th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respectto the bringing and landing Prize

Goods in this Kingdom, to SpanijhPrize Goods taken

since the late Declaration of War with Spain.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Indico , imported into England for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year, and each Place from whence the same was imported; be referred to the said Com- Mr.

mittee. Mordaunt, Mr. Mack ay. Lord Downe, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of In- Willoughby, Mr. Mr. Puller, Sir

dico has received the Bounty on Importation, for Seven Boger Mr. Toicnjhend, General Howard,

Years last past; distinguishing each Year; be referred Air. John Air. Mr. Under, Mr. Calvert,

to the said Committee. Air. Paterjbn, Sir Jamil Smith, Mr. Mr. Van-

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of In- Jittart, Mr. Mil. Air. Mr. Butler, Air. dico exported from England, from Christmas 1735 to Air. Sir Mr.

Christmas 1762; distinguisliing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

AJr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Aloming.

Rich’*

Euai.'s.

Ilighwsy

general

Laws;

England.

Elections; preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Re/blved, That this House will. Tomorrow Alorn-ing, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour.

and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Somerset, and Southampton: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Whirechsprl the Bill for maintaining, rcguhting, and the

Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch within the said Parish; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money, to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him report to the House; and he read 1 he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tattle: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were! agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrolLd.

An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to grant cer-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorn-ing, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes

in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates __________

to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or tain Estates, deviled by the W ill of "Henry late Lord Rent Charge. in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to

Truliers/ in Trtift for Henrietta lie fa Hare,

Ordered, That the further Confident on of the Report antj her Hefts, fbbjeft to an Annuity payable to Ho/e which was made from the Committee, to whom, the Jhtplejis, and also to a certain Sum payable to Henry

Loft

ColeranPl

Will.

Private

iA.oeft.

Petition of several Merchants in London, Planters in South Carolina, and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s laid Province, in and also the Petition of several Merchants residing in the City and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in America were severally referred; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 3 o° die Martii;

Anno 3° Georgii III"1 Regis, 17C3.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House tRis Day, that any private Butiqeis Vol. 2^.

Knight, and Anne the V. ife of William Bqffeh, and to the Limitations and Provisions therein to be mentioned; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposal to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 17. After " the " to insert " clear yearly " Value:"

Pr, 19. I. 22. After " contained, " to insert " in an Act made in the Twelfth and Thir-. " teenth Years of the Reign, of King " William the Third, in'ituled, An Act . " for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Libert ies of the Subject."

And the said Amendments were, upon flic Qtreftion severally |»ut thereupon, agreed to by the Hovife: Ami the Bill Mas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His- Majesty to grant Certain < ' " 1 - ' ..... 7 S Eifefes,

6n 30° Martii. A. 1763.

Estates, devised by the Will of late Lord in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trnilfor Henrietta Ro/a Pefegrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to the Uses, Limitations, and Provisions, mentioned in the said Will; and to Two Annuities payable to Rose Dupleffis; and also to certain Sums payable to Robert Knight, and to Henry Kand Anne the Wife

of William Basset; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller, do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

general* The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Laws; Committee, who were appointed to consider of the ge-Scotland. neral Laws now in Force for repairing and amending the Highways in that Part of Great Bntiain called Scotland; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws of Scotland now in Force, for the repairing of Highways, are insufficient for that Pupose.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the future the Highways in Scotland be amended and repaired, by Assessments in Money, in lieu of the Six Days Labour.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put' thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Importation A Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland, of Butter, into the Port of Liverpool, of stale and dtrty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Create Butter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Silk The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Work*, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled," Silk Works."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dicyrarch; and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Poll at the joining of the Road leading from to Wrex-

ham, in the County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chaplery and Lordship of Marfleet, in Holderness, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ciiiMividtum for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, lncldlurt-Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ChildJ'wickham, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act P for more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties }, upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of of Malt. Allowances, and the mixing of fresh Com, or Grain, with Corn or Grain making into Malt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Di&ov«r for the Encouragement of John Hurrifon, to publ iih and "f ,ht

make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, °^ttu *' for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elrflmw; to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections preventing of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs, withoutauy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Kl; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continueand amend an Act, made in the Sixth Sugar Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encourage-ing the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order'of the Day being read, for receiving the Supply Bill; Report from the Committee of the whole House, to America whom the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the 21st and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be post poned.

The Order Of the Day being read, for the House to Hish«y resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Lawton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Laiolon,

Burslem in the County of Chester, to Burjleni and Newcastle under

Road. Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads therein

mentioned; without, any Amendments And also, Whithurst The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act to for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Oswestry Roadleading from the Turnpike Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, at or near WhithurJTt House through Llangollen, to the most proper and commodious joining

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Elcfliom; Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, premti^ upon the Bill to pervent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far c0uuutia ^as relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Rl(t into further Consideration, the Report which was made ^ro»« in from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several k«rviw. Merchants in London, Planters in South Carolina, a id Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s said Province in America; and al so the Petition of several Merchant $ residing in the City of Bristol, and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America', were severally referred;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The

ie

3 Gid. III.

30° — 310 Marti:.

Fom at 'The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made ' in the 23d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly, v. The Hotife was also moved, that the Resolution of

ii_ the House of the 17th Day of this Instant,

" That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds,

" be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort at and the

" other JSritish Forts and Settlements upon the Coast " of Africa," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such Sum of Money, as His Majesty shall think

necessary, npt exceeding 7000, to be advanced upon ' . Account, for the Support of the Forts and Settlements

at Senegal, and its Dependencies, ceded to His Majesty by the late Definitive Treaty of Peace, to be applied in such Manner as His Majesty shall judge proper; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good: the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

JW The House being informed, that Mr. (from

duce- tl»e Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the exported. Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper intituled, " A Return to the honourable " House of Commons, in pursuance of an Order of the " 16th of December last for an Account of the Quantities and Values of all India Produce exported,

" Sugar excepted."

Anti then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

lroprovement Hill for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Custom*. Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizuers, and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Traded© the The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the

SugaiColoMt*. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Co-; ionics in America;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into the said Committee.

made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered; the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the > Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for Elections; the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the tfev7n.,n* whole House, upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent and Vote*'for* occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Counties. Shire, so far as relates to ,the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge;

Ordered, That it be, au Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Cities and Towns that are Counties of themselves.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, ..

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker refu.med the Chair.

Mr, Kynqfton reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read; Ra*

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants in Planters

in SouthCarolina, and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty s said Province in America; and also the Petition of several Merchants reftding in the City of Bristol, and Owmers of Ships trading to His Majesty’s Province of South Carolina in America; were severally referred; be further adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31* dieMartii; Anno 30 Georgii III. U Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their S^*} Address of Yesterday, (That His Majesty would; be graciously pleased to order such a Sum as His Majesty shall think necessary, not exceeding £. 7000, to be advanced for the Purpose in the said Address mentioned) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

American’ The postponed Order of the Day being read, for re-lmlico, ceiving the Report from the Committee of the whole *c. House, to whom the Bill to continue Two Acts, made iti the 2 ill and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was committed;

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had Yol. 29.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act gi . ..... forgranting to His Majesty several additional Duties up- pupti^ 'm on Wines imported into this Kingdom, andcertain Duties Wine* upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of ThreemillionsFivehundred thousand Pounds, by Way of

Annuities

6 24

3i

Martii.

A. 1763.

Scarborough

Harbour,

Canterbury

Church.

Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for continuing the Ditties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Two Acts, made in tile Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging' the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the Parish Church of St. in

the City of Canterbury, and for building a new Church

Commissioners or Governors, in the tholl easy and convenient Manner-, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication from the Ho-ife of Thomas Hughes, Esquire, adjoining to to

and across the Old Poll Road in to a

House at Hunt 1/Much, in in the Occupation

of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Laivton, in the County of CheJ to and New-

Maidenhead

tn

1 flriiley ’ Road.

Hoouflow

to

Basingstone

Road.

Pilham 1 nclosure.

in a more convenient Place, without any Amendment: under Lyne, in the county of ; and other

And also. Roads therein mentioned;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of fe- pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road be-veral Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from tween and Wrexham, at or near Whithurffs

Maidenhead Bridgeto Reading; and from the said Bridge House, through , to the most proper and com-

lo Henley Bridge; in the County of Berks -,without any most ious joining of the Turnpike Road leading from

Amendment: And also, . Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn and

The Lords hav e agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act from Llangollenaforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed the Finger Post at the joining of the Road leading from Ojwejiry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Beading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge; in the County of Berks:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Find and Twelfth Years of the Reign

in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the

Road from the Powder Mills on Hvunjlotv Heath, in the

Coun ty of Middlesex, to a Place called BaJingstone, near

the Town of Bagshol, in the Parish of Windlesham, in

the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Mea- of his late Majesty King the Second, for re-

do ws, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township and Pa- pairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hotinjoio rish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, without any Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called

Litton

loclosure.

BaJingstone, near the Town of Bagshol, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of An Act for the better Cleansing and Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways, of the City of Turk, and the Suburbs thereof, and of the Liberty of St. Peter within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair, and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Car-A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Bo- men and Draymen, within the same:

Amendment: And also.

The lairds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Pastures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tideftccll, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew

Royal

A Hi nt

to

Kills.

binfon. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to at-teud His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty

An Act for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by Two Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty- fifth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of in the County of York:

An Act for taking down the Parish Church of St Andrew, in the City of Canterbury, and for buildiuga new Church in a more convenient Place:

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, Rents,

was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several and Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the

public and private Bills following; viz. County of Devon, and elsewhere, in his Grace John

An Act for granting to His Majesty several addi- Duke of and for settling and alluring, in lieu

tional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom , thereof,a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be Hliiing -and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for out of Lands and Tenements belonging to the said railing the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thou- Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned: land Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and . ’ ‘ ’ " 1 " ‘ Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within

be charged on the said Duties:

An Act for more efteehtally securing the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the Mixing of freth Corn, or Grain, with Corn or Grain making into Malt:

- An Act to prevent oceafional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament for Cities arid Boroughs:

An Act for the Encouragement of John to

publidi and make known his Invention of a Machine, or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea:

An Act to empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necelfiiry Expences thereof, to provide for such Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who thall not be provided for within the said Hospital, and to enable them to re-

ceive such Petitions as shall be granted them by the said tliij

the Manor and Parish of Birlonin the Comity off For-

cester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lauds, within the Parish of in the County of Gloitnj/er:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Lordship of Marfieein Holderness, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Pastures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tiu the County of Derby:

An Act for Fields, M.-a-Lv

) tt

dividing and allotting certain Open s. an»i Sli-ited Pastures, in the Town-1 / U'ij-n,in the County of Lincoln.

Mr.

h

ffc

u

liii

k

k

k

ro

m

.5

Bj

V

lie

k

Q

(f

il

1

3 Geo. III. 310 Mar tit. 62

Newport, Mr. Bagotreported from the Committee, to whom

c‘ the Bill for repairing and widening the Itoad leading from the Town of Stafford, to in the County of R "nK Stafford; and also the Road leading from the said Town o (Stafford, through Bridg and Eccleshall, to Ireland’s

Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop-, and also

the Road leading from aforesaid, through

Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop; and also the Road branching from the said Road between Bridgefovd and Newport, near a Place called Wcflon Wood, through Eccle-shall to Trent ham, in the said County of Staffordand all'o the Road leading from Newport, through Donning-ton, to Wellington, in the said County of Salopand also the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Woodcotc, near Nacpoaforesaid, through to Bridgenorth, in the said County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons lending Money without Interest may direct on what part of the Road it (Jiall be laid out:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That no Gate shall be erected between Woodcote and Shiffnal:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with' the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render *"*vl'"g- more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wthe Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr Saint eorge Blooinjhury; that Part of the Parish of Andrew's,

JJolhourn, which lies in the County of ;the

l'cve .1! Liberties of the Bolls and Savoy, and that Part of the TT’ciiy o \ Lancaster which lies in the County of Midmcfex; an.i for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be nia<V to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 34. After "any," to insert " Encroach*

" m u; >r other."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George btiri/; that Part of the Parish

which lies in the county of ; the several Li-

berties of the Rolls and; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Mid-Vot. 29.

dlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, according to Order, reported Silk from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Warts, Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 1 yl h year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, "Silk Works," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards* delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the 11th Day of April next.

Mr, Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Election*; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to preventing prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections "*teu5 of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right Counties, of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Peport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Rice into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several *'

Merchants in London, Planters in Carolina, and Owners of Ships trading to his Majesty’s said Province in America; and also the Petition of several Merchants residing in the City of Bristol, and Owners of Ships trading to His Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in America; were severally referred.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the House do agree with the Committee in the Fir* of the Resolutions, which, upon last,

were reported from the said Committee, and which was then read a Second Time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Month.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Importation a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Butter‘ permitting the Importation from Ireland, into the Port of Liverpool, of stale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter.

Mr. Sp&ker left the Chair.

The Lord Strange took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

7T to

Highway

general

Laws*

England*

Improvement of the Customs.

private

Business.

Ditto*

Rich's

Estate.

626

to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 11 th Day of April next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the Clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the x ith Day of April next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Monday Sevennight, that any private Business may be entered upon in the House that Day, after Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 1 ith Day of April next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Luiue^ ii° die Apr ills;

Anno 3* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made upon Ththe 31st Day of March last. That Leave be given to move the House this Day, That any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon in the House this Day, after Twt> of the Clock.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester, late the Estate of Edward Bickering Rich, pursuant to an Agreement , and for applying the Purchase-money in dif-

1763.

charging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Heir, an Infant; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment,

M r. Thomas 7 'ownjhend reported f rom the Comm it tee. Dr. Birth's to whom the ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, Benefafiiom-An Act to enable the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Clai ehall, in the Univerlify of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefactions of Doctor Blyth, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of the Vica* rages of Ever ton with 7 elicorth, and Great the Counties of Bedfordnnd Huntingdon, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; aild that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Townshend reported from the Committee, Probr’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- ®eneta®0M tuled, An Act to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Jesus College, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaction of Doctor Edmund Proby and Sir Thomas Proby and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of several small Rectories and Vicarages, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tnzcu/hend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Sir Charles Mordauntreported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dajlnvood Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the Blue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordau carry the Bill 14 to

31° Martii. — 11° A prills.

n

Be

Mayns

Jflvdtn

Wpa

itrteti

Sj.

rltl*

Sift!.

lie ni>:

H

3 Geo. III.

11

627

]oye’$

Estate.

If*

4

’!, it

t Maynard’* j Investmenu

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Biff from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late the Estate of James Joye, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of St. Mary le in the County of

Middlesex, in new Trustees, and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands in the Counties of E/Jex and Cambridge, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Jesus College, in the University of Cambridge, in Sir William Maynard, Baronet, and his Heirs, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giVen their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Ml*.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Hoad from the Market-house in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate in Crad and from Pedmore to Hotly Hall; and from Co'In Gulp to Halejowe/i; and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Redual Green, in the Parish of King's Norton;

and from Carter's Lane to the Bell at in

the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to RednalGreen; and from Carter's Lane to the

Bell Inn at Northfield; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Stone Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Township of Min the County of Oxford; and for making a Compensation for Common of Pasture, and Tithes arising the rein; with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in ih's present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the Room of Norborne Berkeley, Esquire, who, since his

Stourbridge*

Roads.

Stone

Inclosurr.

Merton In defure.

Glonctfle#

Writ.

to the House, without any Amendment: And he deli- Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office

vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, do carry the Bfll to the Lords, and acquaint them, that tins House hath agreed to the fame, without any ^Amendment.

Gosport

Streets.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nuisancesand other Annoyances in the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 20. To leave out <c as," and insert " upon " the Market House in Gosport," instead thereof:

To leave out " said To leave out " Manner," and insert " Gosport,"instead thereof:

Pr. 7. 1. 6. To leave out from " Execution," to " provided," in 1. 9.

After " carry" to insert " away

1. 23. I. 24.

of Steward of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

An ingrossed Bill for lighting the Streets, and other Places, and maintaining a regular and nightly Watch, within the Town and County of the Town of Nezo-cafile upon Tyne-, and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for lighting the Streets, and other Places, and maintaining a regular and nightly Watch, within the Town and County of the Town of Neivcujlle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle upon Tyne Ni ,htly Watch.

Pr. 15.1. Pr. 30. 1.

25.

3*

An ingrossed Bill to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, so far as relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of them* insert " any Constable or Constables selves, so far as relates to the Right of voting by virtue " of Gosport aforesaid, " instead of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

To leave out from " fix," to " one," in 1. 6.

Pr. 32. 1. 5. To leave out from " Act," to and, " in 1. 22.

Pr. 35.1. 21. To leave out " such Collector,

Elections j preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

and

thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nuisances, and other Annoyances, in the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Toum unior, do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 29.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Stafford, through and

Ecchshall, to Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and also the Road leading from Bridgeford aforesaid, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike

Road

Newport,

tec.

Roads.

628 ii° Aprilis. A. 1703.

Hoad near Newport, in the County of Salop and also the Road branchingfrom the said Road, between Bridge-ford and Newport, near a Place called Weston Wood, through Eccleshall, to T in the said County of

Stafford;and also the Road leading from Neicport, through Donnington, to Wellington, in the said County of Salop; and also the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Woodcote, near Newport aforesaid, through Shiffnal, to Bridgnorth, in the said County of Salop;was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 3*. After " Beast," to insert " or shall " take off any Horse or other Cattle."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sa/idon in the County of Stafford and several other Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitechapel An ingrossed Bill for maintaining, regulating, and

Streets, kc. employing the Poor, within the Pari fit of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County for cleansing

and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch within the said Parish; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church; was read the Third Time.

Rejblwd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the county of ; for cleansing and

lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberties of the Tower of London, or City of London; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitechapel An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge Roads, the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church to Woodford; and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Road from Whitechapel Church to Stratford; and for repairing and widening the Road through the Parishes of Chigwelland Lam bo urn, in the Counties of Middlesex

and KJfex; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 42. 1.' 23. To leave out " double," and insert " usual" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfo: and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highway from Whitechapel Church to and for re-

pairing the Road through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Silk An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and Work*, rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19U1

Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled,

" Silk Works," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk " Works."

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hezvetl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Addressto llis Majesty,

A Lift of the General and Field Officers of His Ma- liiiof jesty’s Land Forces, and of the Commission Officers Gen-0l>-n, belonging to each separate Regiment, us they flood on 40 the First day of January 1763, with the Dates of their several Commissions.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

A Petition of the Manufactttrers of Bays, -and fun* Impor®* dry other Woollen Goods, in the Town of

in the County of Ejfe.r, and also in t he Towns of Backing, u

Braintree, and Coggeshall, in the said County, was pie-fented to the House, and read. Taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented from Rochdale and Burylo be allowed to import, from frr/iwd, Grease, orttaleaud dirty Butter, not fit for eating, to be used in tlienutnu-fasturing Bays, and other Woollen Goods; and setting forth That the Petitioners are very considerably concerned in the W orking up WTool into Bays, and many other Kinds of Goods, as well for Home Coufutnption, as Exportation; and that they use many Kinds of Grease and dirty Butter, as well as Oil, in the manufacturing their Bays and other Goods; and that the Liberty of importing Grease, or dale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, from Ireland, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and may prevent the Decay of the Woollen Business in the Eastern Parts of this Kingdom; and alleging, That if the Port of London should be opened under the same Restrictions as the Port of Liverpoole, the Petitioners could be furmflied

from thence by Water Carriage to the Port of Colchester, and Ports adjacent: And therefore praying, That the Port of Lcindon may be also open for that Purpolb; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall fc-em meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland, into the Port of of Hale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter, is committed.

The Lord Strange, according to Order, reported D!iw> from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland into the Port of Liverpoole, of Hale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly culled Grease Butter, was Committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l’everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The

kf*

d

fcCd

>V»

kit

fittt

hi.

b

a!*

T:'f

ft

Si

p®.

1f*'-

ij*

j Geo. III.

11° — -i 20 Jprilis.

6%g

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

3°*

77*

Improvement

of

the Cuifomt.

U.

Merton

Ioclolurr.

French Prisoners of War.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr.

Mr. Rice.

Mr. Nugent,

Mr.

So it pafl’od in the Negative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them w o re di fag reed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b& ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee of the whole

House, to whom the Bill for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Pi cvention of the Clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford, and for making a Coinpensation for Common of Pasture, and Tythes arising the rein.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 13. Leave out from "intituled," to "be " it therefore enacted," in I. 19.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Martis, 12° Aprilis;

Anno 3* Georgii III. Regis, 1763.

Mr. Grenville (from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account, /hewing what Monies have been issued or expended for ti.c service of French Prisoners of War, taken since the Commencement of Hostilities, to the 31st of December 1762; dillinguishing how much

was issued or expended before, and how muchfmce the ,18th Mm/ 1756.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 29.

Praters. ‘

MR. Keck reported from the Committee, to whortt the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to discharge certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Bedford, the Estates of the Most noble George Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements created and entered into by the said Duke, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in find Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying and carrying into Execution certain other Trusts and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Lincoln, upon Lord Spencer, now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in like ftrifit Settlement; and for other Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and founa the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned ha4 given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry the BilJ to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguijli and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-three; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Kffeds, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his Majesty’s Possession; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of ftnall Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, and Whorlsdown, in the County Wilts, without auy Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parcels of Land in Paddington, in the County of Middlefer, in the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square,

in the said County; and appropriating the same for a Burial Ground for the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Neio Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County, without

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew7.

7 U Colonel

Duke of

Marlborough'S

Estates.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Bradford, &c. Small Debts.

Hanover

Square

Burial

Ground.

Pewyn

Roads.

<?3°

12* Aprilis.

A. 176}.

Alignment Colonel Irwin reported from the Committee, to by Hope\ whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Au Executor*, for authorising the Executors of John Hope to assign,

to Trustees, Twenty thousand Pounds of the Stock or Capital therein mentioned, Part of the Marriage Portion of June the Wife of John Esquire, to be

employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed-to the fame, without any Amendment.

Indico,

&c.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the A"* 2ifi and 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr, Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

Royal And being returned;

Assent Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum . of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain TClonies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans ort Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One ( thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for fur-

ther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty’s Post’eflion.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Bradford,

sham, and Whorljdown, in the County of

An Act for vesting certain Parcels of Land in Pad-dingtem, in the County of Middlesex, in the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the said County; and appropriating the same for a Burial Ground for the said Parish.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley; and from Pcdmore to Holly and

from Colly Gate to Halesowen;and from the Turnpike

Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton; and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop; as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

An Act for dividing and inclosing Stone Common,

Within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford; and for making a Compensation foe Common of Pasture, and Tythes arising the rein.

An Act to enable the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Clarehall, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefactions of Doctor Blyth, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of Ever ton with Tot worth, and Great Granfden, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

An Act to enable the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Jesus College, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaction of Doctor Proby

and Sir Thomas Proby, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of several small Rectories and Vicarages.

An Act for vesting certain Lands, in the Comities of Essex and Cambridge, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of the College, called Jesus College, in the University of Cambridge, in Sir William Maynard, Baronet, and his Heirs.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Da/hwood, Esq. in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts and Incumbrances; and for providing an Equivalent, or Compensation, for the fame, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late the F-state of James Joye, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, in new Trustees; and to enable them to make Building Leases thereof.

An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney, in the County of Gloucester, late the Estate of Edward Pickering Rich, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Purchase-money in discharging Incumbranees affecting the fame, and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Heir, an Infant.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Improvement of His Imprewnai Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encourage- c°bfce ment of Officers making Seizures; and for the Preven- u tion of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Yumb, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Withe Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable

Thomas

Iff

di

It!)

W

Tu*

ih

hfKoiJ

fi Kj

urrijj.

these

"nipi

oicCW.

ulsleai \ intfe

ooinioa,

Count?

JenaJ in iW itioui: n,

Cli')t3T'.

i(k D(W *ness ta^ i am

V ',i y»L

ifc e to:

ife

eil

iii

att>*

te

let

ire, fr

fe

d')

6..-i ;C-

i.Iv

m

p

ev-.v

rPr

IV:

Tfi

Mi*

a*

ri:

0?

St-

3 Geo. III.

12

Jprilis.

631

Importation ot Butter.

kebuilding Warehain Town, &c.

Thomas Lord Holmes, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Isle of ffight.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting the Importation from Ireland, into the Port of Liverpoole, of Hale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting the Importation from Ireland, of (tale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating* commonly, called Grease Butter.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better and more easy Rebuilding the Town of Warin the County of

Dorset;and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished, by I’eafon of the late dreadful Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clanfe was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for determining Differences between the Proprietors:

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for regulating the Buildings within the said Town:

And the said Clanfe was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, for establishing the Decrees of the Commissioners for Satisfaction of Purchasers:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to . be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

1 hen the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr.

1. 14.

Pr.

3-

]. 20. I. 30. 1. 12.

I.

Pr.5. I.

11.

33

Pr. 6.

Pr. 7. 1.

I. 29,

3°

2.

I. 11

I. ii,

12.

J. *3-

J. 16.

To leave out "Nine," and insert "Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out "Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out "Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out " Paper," and insert " Newspaper," instead thereof.

To leave out " Nine,’* and insert "Seven or more," instead thereof. To leave out " Nine," and insert "Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out "Nine," and insert "Seven," instead thereof.

,7 To leave out "within the Limits . 3 and Places herein after mentioned." To leave out " Six," and insert " Five," instead thereof.

To leave out " to," and insert " by their," instead thereof.

To leave out " a Lease or Leases for " any Term, not exceeding Five " hundred Years," and insert "and " Decree," instead thereof.

To leave out " be made," and insert " dispose," instead thereof.

To leave out " by the Proprietors or " Owners thereof, or other Persons interested therein," and insert from any Lease or Leases, for «any Term not exceeding Five " hundred Years," instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1/4. Pr. 10. 1. 5.

6.

7-

I 17.

1. 36.

t> 1 37

Pr. tr. I. 14. Pr. 19, 1. 38.

1.

Pr. 20. 1.

39-

3-

I. 10.

1. 13.

Pr. 26. 1. 29, ] Pr 28.

Pr.

3°-

I. 22.

1.

30-

Vo|«. 19.

After "made," to insert "on Ac* " count of such Alteration."

To leave out " and refuting," and insert " shall refuse," instead thereof; after "or," to insert "shall," and to leave out "giving," and insert " give," instead thereof.

After " or," to insert " shall."

To leave out " neglecting," and infers " shall neglect," instead thereof.

To leave out "Nine," and insert Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out " within the Places " herein after mentioned."

To leave out "and."

To leave out "Order," and insert " Grant," instead thereof.

To leave out " to be granted."

After " Ground," to insert " by way " of Exchange."

After" Leases," to insert " for making such Exchange."

To leave out " Three Calendar " Months," and insert " Thirty " Days," instead thereof.

J To leave out " seal any Lease."

3o-) J

1. 24. After "Appeals," to insert "shall."

1. 25, To leave out " Six Months," and 26.$ insert "One Year," instead thereof. Pr. 29. J. 8. To leave out " Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out " Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

To leave out " Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

Pr. 31. 1. 31. To leave out " Nine," and insert " Seven," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; Aud the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better and more easy Re-building the Town of Wareham, in the county of ; and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up bjr the Clerk at the Table.

A Petition of Catherine Odiarne, the Widow and Relict of Wentworth Odiarne, the late Serjeant at Arms to

this honourable House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Wentworth Odiarne w as, on the 15th of December 1737, duly appointed to the said Office of Serjeant at Arms, and continued to use, exercise, and enjoy the fame, and receive the Profits and Emoluments thereunto appertaining, till the Time of his Decease; and that the said Wentworth Odiarne had, by virtue of his said Office, as the Petitioner is informed, an undoubted Authority, on any Vacancy of the Office of Housekeeper to this House, to appoint a Person to succeed to the said Office; and alleging, that the said Wentworth Odiarne, on the 16th Day of October 1758, did, by a Warrant, appoint the Petitioner to be Housekeeper; and that the Petitioner gave Orders to Mr. JoJhuaStephens, Deputy Housekeeper, at the Beginning of the present Sessions, for Repairs, and providing the proper Stores and Necessa-rics for the Use of the House, who now refuses to pay or give any Account of the Fees which he has received for the Petitioner’s Use; alleging that he has been forbid so to do by Nicholas Esquire,

the present Serjeant; and that he will indemnify

him

Serjeant at Arms.

Dunwich

Writ.

Wells Writ.

Old Sarum Writ.

Oxford

Writ.

H icflions; preventing fraudulent Votes for

Counties,

York

Buildings

Company.

6$2

12°- — \VAprilis.

A. 1763.

him from the Confluences of ftlch Refusal: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration, that {he may have the Profits and Emoluments as Housekeeper to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock;

and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marifchall, Panmure, Southejk, and others, pursuant

to the said Agreement, as were leased to S\r Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander Garden, Esquire; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives, Esquire,

his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick, Knight, and the Reverend Samuel , Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such

0_, Parts of the Estates of Marifchall, Panmure, Southejk,

Bdered, That Mr. Speaker do llTue his Warrant to and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were

the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new M nt Jeafpd to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander

Garden, Esquire.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

Luna, 18* die;

Anno 3* Georgii III. Regis, 1763.

.Prayers.

for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for die Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Henry

Fox, now Lord Holland, Baron Holland, of Foxley, in the County of Wilts, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clbrk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parlia-mbnt for the City of Wells, in the County of in the Room of the Right honourable 'Lord

Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County fcf Wilts, in the room of Thomas Pitt, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the . Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EJ&sting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Spencer, commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, who, since his Election for the said Comity, hath excepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s HouffioJd.

A Mefiiige from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, so far as relate* to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trustees for

Annuitants on Lives, William Lock, Esquire, his Grace

Edward Duke oi\NorJvlkand Partners, Sir AndrewChad-

wickf Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove, Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company;

York

Building!

Company.

followeth; viz

Pr. 13. 1. 4. After "Sale," insert "and to take " what farther Proof to them shall " appear necessary, for apportioning the Rent payable by the said " Leafs amongst the several Parcels " and Baronies aforesaid: "

Pr. 17. 1. 30. After "aforesaid," leave out "and," and insert "or," instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Forrester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bril, intituled, An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, so far as relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. I.21. After "Peace," insert "Town Clerk, "or other proper Officer."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Walter do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Sain Ives, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Charle Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Me/combe Regis, in the County of DorJ'et, in the room of the Right honourable Sir FrancisDa/hwood, Baronet, now Baron

le Difpcnfer, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered,

Election; preventing fraudulent Votes for Counties.

Stint Tver Writ.

Wfymouth,

&r

Writ.

G!i

fret

Bnn

Chril*

K

kofi

tit:

So.

J

nm

T*

tfc

ll*

i:

a»*

It;

it

ii*

St

l,;

V

lit

id!

i.

a

fc

3 Geo. III.

18* Jprilis.

.433

jfontefraA

Wrh.

Giamoflgan

Wrft.

Ujrcudbright

Writ.

BrantifUnd, See. Writ.

Christchurch

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. SpcakCjrdo iffifelils Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a hew Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-mefit for the Borough of Pv imthe County of York) in the Boom of William Gerard ECqaire* who, fmne his) Election for the hud Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chancellor of His MajOliy’s Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker da iffoe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to; make onfc a new Writ for the Rleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present iWliinnrotfor the County rtf Glamorgan, in the Room afSirEdmnnd Thomas, Baronet, who, since his Electron for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of I-fis Majesty’s Woods on the North, and South Side of the River Trent.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Cortnhilfioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kircudbright, in the R6oin of John ltofs Mackye, Esq. who, since his Efe&ian for the said Stewartry, hath accepted the Office, of Treasurer and Pay mailer of His Majesty's Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker (Jo Ilfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the.Electing, of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for thepiftrid of Bhrghs of Bruntifiand, Kinghorn, Byfart, and Kircain the Room of

James Ofwala, Esquire, wlso, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, . hath acdppted' the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Payroafter General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffbe his Warrant to the Clerk of tile Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burge fs to serve iti tHis present Parliament for the Borough of Chr in the County of Southampton, in the Room of James Harris, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Ex- ' chequer.

A Papgr, jnlituted, " Report of the Gotnthiffidngr*

" and Trustees lor managing' the annexed forfeited " Estates iql«Sbo/fwit/, tq the Lords Gofoaiissioners of " His -Mqjfity’s Trokfury; which, by an A&; of tjfe " 45th/Year of fas-late Majesty’s Reign; rs dweded-tn "belaid before botii Houses of Parliataeh&i‘; dated 5th March 1763." ’ ‘

AihJ then jiewithdrew.- .'

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. .

Ordered That the said-Papers do-'lid hpcStt the Table, to be perufedbytheAlembers-of foe.House.

The fgjd Pqpejrs are preferyed afobnglfc tfce^ofher *

Papers of tbjs Sefliqit /’

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffughiaWariant to WincheUm the Clerk of the Crown, to make out riew'Wrlt let Writ, the Electing, of aBaroirto serve in this present PhrJfoment for the Town and Port of Wincheifca,' intlie County S^ffet, in the Room of Thomas Qrhy If untit,

Esquire. who, since his Electionfer the said Tbuife tfod Port, hath accepted the Office of one of the Comirrissioners for executing the Office of Treasureir of HI*

Majesty’s Exchequer, ’

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Com*iitta&

The House being informed that Mr. Route, from the Accounts Commissioners of the Customs in Scattended at Scotch Xice the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefetrtdd to the House, pursuant to their Otdefs, '

Ad Account of all Rice imported into, and exported from, Scotland} and to what Place the same hato bCen exported; for Seven Years tail pall; distinguifhingefcch Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of indico imported for Account*; Seven Years, ended- the 5th of January 1763; distinguishing each Year, and each Plsce from whence the same was imported; and likeWife what Quantity has received the Bounty^ distinguisfiing each Year and Place; and likewise what Quantity has been exported, with the Drawbacks thereon; distinguHhing each Year.

And then he withdrew.:

" And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Kofi Writ. - Ordered., That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commrlfioiier to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of llo/s, in the Room of the Right honourable James St ere art Mackenzie, who, since

Jus Election for the said Sfiire, hath accepted t|ie Office of Keeper of IJis Majesty’s Privy Seal of Scotland.

Lord

Coleraut’*

WiU,

Malden

Writ.

Forfeited K(fates in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleeiing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Ef/cs, in the Room of Bamber Esquire, who,

liiire his FJedlion for the filid Borough, hath accepted itie Office of one of the Commissionere for Trade ahty PlHntations.

The House being informed that Mr. Raiue, from the Treasury, attended at the poor, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hoilfe, pursuant to the Directions rif an Act of Parliament,

A' Paper, intituled, " Report of tile Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Kftafcra in Scotland to the Lordsf GoirimHfioriers Of His Majel^v’s TTehfury; which, by an Act of the -25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before' both Hotifes of Parliament; dated i<;thjl/«rf^ 1762." And also,

Vol. 29.

c*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

[)Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates, deviled . by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trullees, iu Trull for Harrietta Ro/aPeregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to the Uses, Limitations, and Frovifidha, mentioned in the said Will, and Two Annuities, payable to Bose Buplejfis, and also to certain Sums, payable to Robert Knight, and to Henry Knight, and -dnne the Wife of WjlUmn Bbffet; and for other Purposes in the said Aftmentioned; without any AmendifleiftV And also,

' 'life Lords itave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl Silk Wqrltt, for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works,"

- w ittiout any Amendment: And also,

Thd Lords' Have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Implement for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers " omK making Seizures i and for Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into arty Part-Of His Majesty’s Do-nhnkms; without any Amendment: And also, life Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; to c&ntinue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty- Am«ric*n, first and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s 1 |t^0>

7X

4

A. 176;.

Reign, for encouraging the baking of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for extending the Pwvisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of his latfe Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prisre Good's into this Kingdom, to Spanifi Prize Goods taken fmce the late Declaration of War with Spain; without any Amendment: And also,

1b>partition The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

of Bu r. for permitting the Importation from Ireland, of stale and dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called GreafeButttr, without any Amendment: And also, Westminster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paving, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act * made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An ’ . 'Act for paving,’ deanfiag, and lighting- the SquaYes,

’ 7 Streets', and Lanes, within the City and Liberty Of Westminster, the Parities of Saint Giles in the , Saint‘ George the MartyrSaint George,

-that Part of the Pririfli of Saint Andrew's, Holbottr/t, 'which lies in the County Of; the feverril

-Liberties of the Rolls and and that Part of the

Drichy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,: - ’ -

Gosport The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ...IKta* for the better paving of the Streets, and for preventing - NUifances, and other Annoyances, in the Town of j Gqsport, in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment. And also, »:

Winder ’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Infclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor, or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winster, in the Parish of Voulgreave, in the County of Derby, without any > -Amendment: And also,

Derby, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *c~ -for Continuing arid enlarging the Term and Powers of

°* -.an Act,* made -ini the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, to the Town of in the County of Stafford', and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffe lldto Snape Marsh, in the'Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford^ without any

Amendment:. Andalfo,

Whitechapel The, Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Moads. to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Tw o Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of and for enlight-

ening and watching Part of the said Highway, from , Whiteckhpel Church to Stratford; and for repairing the

Road'through the Pjrifiies of and L

in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also,'

Ke*port, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act p*cv -for repairing'and widening the Road leading from the oi % Town of Stafford to San donin the County of Stafford; and several other Roads -in the Counties of Salop and Stafford; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

K>wcaflle . The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ty1* for lighting the Streets rind other Places, and maintai/i-Wztcf. in" a regular and nightly-Watch, within the Town and Cauntv of the Town of upon Tyne; and for

regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartinen, Porters, and Waterincri, within the same; without any Amendriveuf: Andalfo;

ClUntham Thfe Ik>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tnclofur*. fordividing and inclosing several Common Fields arid Gromulvwithin the Parish of Glaitham, in the County of Lincoln, without anj' Amendment; And also, -i Whittdiapcl The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iutitriled. An Act kuwu, ric. for maintaining, regulating,- and employing the Poor,

' . within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex ;for cleanfijig and lighting the *

1 Squares,. Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and

other open Priflages and Places, rind regulating and ' " keeping a nightly Watch within such Parts of the -laid Parish as are not within the Liberties of the Tower ed Ijmdon, or City of London; and to enable the Parish*-ioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing thri said Parish Church; without any Ahvendment:

Aud allb; ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act RebniMinj for the better and more easy Re-building of the Town of Warcham, in the County of Dorset; and for determining Differences, touching Houses and Buildings burnt down- or demolished by reason of the late dfeatt-ful Fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire; without any Amendment.

Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the several Entries Jouroak contained in the Journals of the House, of the Resolutions and Orders of the House of the aGth Day of May 1756, the First Day of, June 175Q, the 13th Day. of March 1761, the First Day of March 1762, and the 14th Day of May last, relating to the Printing of the Journals of this House; and also of the Addresses of this House to His Majesty of the 26th Day of May 1756 / the First Day of June 1759, the 13th Day of March 1761, and the First Day of March 1762, for the several Sums of Money therein mentioned, tq be advanced towards defraying the Expence of Printing the fame, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, and to the Journal of the laftSefiioii, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Copies of the said Journal be printed, for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Thomas Tyrzehitt, . Esquire, Clerk of this House,

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by, such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker, and that no other Persondo presume to print the fame.

And the House being informed. That the several Sums already advanced, in pursuance of the said Act-drefl’es, will not be sufficient to complete the printing of the said Journals, as directed by the Orders of the House of the 26th Day of May 1756, the First Day of June 1759, lhe 13th Day of March 1761, the First Dqy of March, and the 14th Day of 1763;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order such a further Sum of Money to be advanced to Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, as ilia.ll be necessary for completing the Printing of the Journals of this House, to the End of the last Session of Parliament; and also the Re-printing of the First Fourteen Volumes of the Journals of this House, with the Indexes thereto; and also the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced, to Thomas Tyriohitt, Esquire, Clerk of tin’s Home, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House. from the End of the last Session of Parliatrient to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, and to the Journal of the last Session; am/to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Orifl?rerf, That Mr, Speaker do ifftie his Warrantta Clifton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Dartmouth the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clift ohDartm in

the County of Devon, in tlieRoom of the Right honourable Richard Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of

land, who, fmce his Election for the said Borough,

hath

4

Hi

Td

air-

at;

Ac ;r

3 Geo. III.

18 " Aprilis.

6 35

hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners called for several Proposals, which had been made to

StHcrnt a: Aims.

for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Nicholas honfoy, Esquirej Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be at Liberty to wave his Privilege as a Servant: of this Houfo, inauy Action or the Board for various Services, amongst which was One from the Mines Royal, Mineral, and Battery Works Company, dated the izd Day of Aagvjl 1750, to furnjffi Copper Hoops at 137/. per Ton, on the Back of which Proposal the proper Officer, by Order, of the 5th Day of September \ 759, reportedthe Office

Expenditure

oi the Public Money)

Ordnance.

in-

f*

tit

Suit to be commenced against him in.Law or Equity, Price to be 149/. 6 8 per Ton; and your Committee by Catherine Ordiame, the Widow of Wentworth observe, that the Board, notwithstanding the above

Ordiarne, Esquire, the late Serjeant at Arms attending Proposal and Report, paid 149/. 6s. Zd. for 38 Tons,

this House, for the Trial of the Title to the Office of between the 5th of 1759, and the 12th of

House-keeper of this House. . November 1 760. Aud,

William Esquire, minuting Clerk to the

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee appointed Board, being afeed, why no Notice had been taken of to take into Consideration the several Estimates and the Proposal of the Mines Royal Company offering Accounts prefen ted to this House, either in the present Copper at ill. 6s. per Ton, lower than the Office or in any former Session of Parliament,. which relate to Price; he replied, that in the Hurry of Business it was the Application or Expenditure of the public Money forgot to be read to the Board.

since the Commencement of the late War; and to . Your Committee;next examined the Contfa&s for report their Observations upon the said Estimates and Shipping.

Accounts, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Mr. Hutchinson said, that, on the 8th of March Committee had ebufidered the fame, accordingly; and 1769, be should have been glad to have furnished the agreed upon a Report; which they iuul directed him to Board with Ships at Ten Shillings per Ton; and being make to the House; together with the Observations of asked, why, he then charged 1 or. for Two Ships, he the Committee; and be read the Report in his Place* said, because he knew the Board gave Twelve Shillings and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; for other Ships at that Time; but if he bad had the Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. whole Contract, he should have been glad to have done

it at Ten Shillings, and could have furnished several The Committee having considered the Extent, of the {000 Toqs at that Price.

Accounts referred to them, and thp Impracticability And it appears to your Committee, that the Differ^ of a general Examination during the prefect Session, enoe between the Two Prices is 20 Cent.

resolved to inquire into one Branch, of the public Mr. James Ropemaker, who furniffies the

Expence and began with the Board of Ordnance. Navy and Board of Ordnance with Cordage and Your Committee first turned their Attention to the Canvas,; attended voluntarily; and, being examined. Contracts made by that Board, during the Continuance said, that for tiiefe Five Years past, the Na.vy Board of the late War; and, in order to judge whether they have not advertised either for Cordage, or Canvas, had taken the best Method in making their Contrails, That, a little Time before their last Advertisement for,' Mr. John Hutchinson, a Contractor for Shipping both Cqovas, hp advised that Board not to advertise, assuring

with the Navy and the Ordnance, was. called; who them, if they did, they would pay a higher Price for that said. That the Navy generally advertise for Shipping, Commodity.; and it proved so in the Event. The A*!* and givfe Notice at the Exchange, and at Billingsgate: vertisement created a Combination among!! the Trade, That the Ordnance advertise foinetimes, when they which is always the Effect of a Board*’s publishing its want a considerable Quantity of 2 or 3000 Tons, but Wants; and the Navy Board actually paid One HalT not lb frequently as the Navy; and he believes, if they penny a Yard more for that Contract, than the Trade had, they would have been better served, and have would then have contrafted for, if there had been no

saved considerable Sums during the War; but could not have been served so cheap as the Navy, because the Bills of the latter do, and those of the former do not bear Interest: He added, that, if the Ordnancp had advertised more frequently, he should have served them oftener.

Mr. Benjamin Higgs, a Sacknmkpr, said, that he thought the best Way < buying Goods was by advertising, as that creates Competition. And,

Mr . Eitxvard Ixndon,a Dealer in a Species of Linen

called Rolls, being asked, whether, by advertising, he thought the Boards would be better served, than without advertising, he said, he believed Boards are some-titries served better, than private Persons, by Competitors llriving to get Contracts.

And your ' Committee further observe; that 26 Contracts only appear- to have been made by the Board of Ordnance, in pursuance of Advertisements, during the War; Four for providing Coals, Two for Carting-work at the Tower, Two for Tin-Pontoons, One for Paviour’s Work, One for Artillery Clothing, Oue for calling round Shot, One for Gun Carriages, Four for the Hire of Horses, and Ten for Shipping.

And it appears from Papers called, for by your Committee, that, during the Course of the War, the Board freighted for difTerent Services 167 Ships, of which not above 27 were in Consequence of Advertisements.

Advertisement; and that, ever since that Time, the Method practised by that Board is, to fend for Five or Six of the Trade, and agree with them: And he added, that the East India Company had suffered just in the same Manner, both in Cordage and Canvas, about Three Years ago, upon their advertising.

That there is no doubt but, upon advertising, iiw sufficient Persons will deliver Proposals, and contra^ at an under Price; but as there is no legal Obligation upon them to perform their Contra&, if the Commodity they contract for advances in Price, the Board is disappointed, as the Navy Board hath experienced in their Contraifts with Mr, Benjamin Higgs, and Mr. Hoar.

And he further said, that the best and most desirable Way is, to give proper Encouragement for Proposals, by fending to Men of Reputation.

That, about February 1 762, the Board of Ordnance granted Warrants for Cordage, and the whole Quantity wanted was divided amongst the several Rope-makers, then only Four or Five in Number.

That, about March or April following,- they had' Letters sent to acquaint them, that the Office wanted Cordage immediately: That the Price of Hemp was then considerably risen since February, notwithstanding which Mr. Shakespear and himself sent in Cordage, as far as they could; others did not fend in, till the Price of Hemp fell: That if Mr. Shakespear and himself had done so, the Ordnance would not have been supplied j

Your Committee, desirous to know whether due Encouragement by Advertisement, or otherwise, bad That they waited upon the Surveyor General, and in-been given to proper Persons for serving the Board, formed him, that they should suffer considerably, and VOL.29. relied

Efrpendtturf oi the Public Money;

Ordnance;

6$6 r8° A. 17

Expenditure relied upon the'Honour of the Board for some Allow* thoughts of offering to serve the Board; bub heard it

ance; that no Allowance was made them, till Seven or was not practicable — That there were Two Sorts,

oney* Eight Month? after. Bulbeland Half Buftiel Bags — rl'hat be wou|d..have

r nance. . ,^ing- mked, why the Board wjasfo long In furnidted the- First at ..the other at front the

Red refs after so meritorious a Service, lie said, he Year-'1756 to 761, to have been paid, by pebentiires

apprehended the Board was desirous* to make Inquiry, in- the Course of the Office, provided tl»e_ Cdritradt

hnd gefliifotthatirin of the Market Price by the proper bad beets for a Year- certain,. and a -Year's Warning)

Officei’. and if he had seen an Advertisement for Sapd ’l^gs,

‘ Being asked, whether the Navy have not bought and- been pressed, he would have gone as low as.jjrff large Quantities Of Hemp, during the War, byAd- for Buflrel Bags, and 3d. J for Half Bushel -Bag*, vertifemont, he said, they trad, and advert! fed for it, rather than lose the Contract. That lie would have but;believes not lately; but that, Two of Three contracted for -those Prices for a Year certain and a . Months before Importation, they fend lot all the Year’s ’Warning;- but if the Coutract-had befu’for 'Riijfia Merchants,. and thinks this Method taiuy be Rve Years certain, he could not say wlrnt be should considered as a: phblifc Contract. ' ’ havealked, Mr. Edward London said, tliafSabd l&gtf

Being asked, whether this Method has riot frequently are made of Heeden, Rojls; that had he feeii.sWAdver* raiifed' a Competition amongst the Merchants, lie fain, tisement from the Board of Ordnance to furnish Sand he could not tell; that he believes Hie Navy have, in Bags, he Would have contracted for One Year cettain gehefal, bdeh well served with Heftip; but that the arid a Year’/Warning, betwixt .1.756 arid 7160* at Ordnance have been better served with Cordage, than Air the Btrihel Bag, and.4d. for the Half.RuflieT Bag. the Navy, ' Ihit the Reason why he should have silked thefePrices

That the Navy Board cannot oblige Persons to keep was owing to a Notion he had, from steptifwnly, that their‘Contracts, if they prove disadvantagerius to the very extraordinary Gratuities were given at that Office, Coritractor'S; and that, though the Navy Beard is no oil the Receipt of Goods, to tlw PflicCrs, regeiring; morC bound than the Contractors, yet he never knew biit had his Contract been with the Victualling OfTrcf, the Navy rCfufe taking the Goods, they contracted where no Gratuities are allowed, he Dioulil have offered 'for.' at^d.f the Bushel Bag, and 3d,-for ey.ea 34,4-the Half

Ariel being afleed, whether, when public Notice is Bushel, rather than have loft the Contract. He further given for large Quantities of Goods, that SpeciCs of And, that he had sold to private People^-frora 1.756, io Goods" does nor immediately rife, he said Mofteer- 1759, Bags for Wheat, which contuined FourlBiifhel/, tainly 'r and that, if Cither Boards or private Men payable in Six Months, at 9d per Bag-~?Mr. Ahraham WCre to agree With particular Persons privately; they Chambers said, there were no Advertisements ibr Sahd WOtild get thirigs cheaper, than by advertising: - . Bags-^-That the Pripe had been settled, many Years

Your Committee’ Weto informed, Ihat the Board is Ogo, and that Joseph -Bindt the present Contractor supplied With StofCs chiefly bytheiameTradefmen, for Sapd Bags; Succeeded his father in that Branch — ' appointed by Virtue of a' Signification from the Master That jf' there had been an Advertisement, Me Cham* ixeiierilliand that the Trices of the several Stdres hers would haye eiWeavoured to have served the Board, served {hto fhe Office ate frt down in a Book called a As he wanted to-get hold of that Article, for he heard Price Boot, Ivhich Whs lad fhi’ttied.in the YCar 1750; a mbriftcOus Profit- was got Upon it.

blit whenever the Board rind,' that any Commodity It appears, by an Account of Money paid for Sand falls lb Valhe, that Price is entered in the Book; brie Bags delivered into Store, since the Commencement of When ally Commodity rises, thb Board never make the War, that the Price paid for Bushel Sand Bag9was aWy Alteriitidiiin (He Bbokl . To avoid a bid Precedent, 8rf. which compared with 5d.4, makes’a Difference the Trailefiiiati contihucs to charge the Commodity he of more than 45 and for Half Bushel Sand

furnishes. flt the last Price in the BbOk; however, to Bags the Price was 5of. which compared with gef f prevent ills betllgJa sufferer, he is permitted to present makes a Difference of more than 33/jef Cent. a M<mibrlal, 'Which' is referred to the proper (Imcers; And it appears to your Committee, by the Exarni-aridv upon their Inquiry and Report, the Roald make nation of Mr. Joseph and.Mr.

aii Aildvvarifce, VlhicltheVcr exceeds thb Sum nlentionied that, From the Year 1756 to the End of the Year to the Report; andtMt this & the Coilflatit Practice. 1760, had they fhrnished the Board on the same Terms But your Cow-tiittee Were informed by Mr. <jea!rge Mr. Bird did, their Profit would have been 55 per Cent.

Bdnlts, that the Navy and Sick and Wounded Boards on the Bushel Bags, and 77 per the* Half

make no Allowance, if the Contractor is. a Loser;- and Bushel Bags.

he added, that thfe Navy contract for Quantity, but And, by an Account produced by the proper Officer, not lbr Tilrie; and that the Sick and Wounded Board it appears, that the Number of Sand Bags delivered into contract both for Quantity and Time. Store, froih the Commencement of the War to the

And your Committee observe, in His Majesty’s End of the Year 1.760; was 739,415; and ifttheY^rs Rrile^, Orders, and Inrirnftions forsupplyfog the Pro- 1761 and 1762 the Number was 236,380, at which yifion? of Stores, that the principal Officers of the Time the Market Price of Heeden Rolls was advanced: Board, or the majof Part of them; ."ate to caH before And,.

rhetmto'ch Peribfts, as they shall krrow lo have any of Mr. Joseph Bird, a Sailmaker, said, that the Orders the said Pro virions, and nbl to fuller the fervittg in from the Officte of Ordnance are immediate, and a short thereof to be togrossed by any Man, to the Prejudice of Time allowed for delivering large Quantities ..that hq IBs MajC'fty’sService, upon Pretence of any Office or is Often called upon to attend Remains, and ttftakean Grant intended for the Advancement of the fame, but Account of returned Stores, which he attends fouie-V> bargain freely With the ablest and fltteft Artificers times with Three or Four of his Men, for which he jws and Merelmuts, and such Would be ready to fetve, no AlloVvance from the Board; and he said that in 16 Ills Majesty Iri ev^ety kind the bell Stuff, and the bdl Years together, before the Year 1756, he didtiQt supply chc^pirhich Agreement arid Bargaining is to be the Board with more than 150,000 Sand Bags.,; > . made in the Office, by Hie major Part' of the principal That he has been a Loser by furnifliiirg, the Board of Officers, arid entered and recrirded by the Clerk flf the Ordnance with Sail Cloth; for they only allowed him OMrtance.; I3rf. a Yard during the War. for the same Sort of Sail

" The next inquiry of your Committee'whs into thre Cloth, that the-Navy, paid v,i6rf. 4--a YarAfot Article Of Sand B!fig^; -i^Mr.J^dmmJffiggs, Sack- Years together. ' ..... ... 'Jf.

frlldmr, being examined, said, he had seen Sand Bags Your Committee then proceeded to the ContraSs it'lhft Tdtcer in Parcels, and, in April 1756, had made by the Board for Horses to serve the’ BntijA 19 Trains

3 Geo. III. 180 dpritis. 6$"}

Trains of Artillery in England, Scotland, and Germany.

And with Respeot to the Service in England, it appeared, that, on the 27th of October 1755, on Four Pa vs Notice, and at the Time of an Alarm, the Board made a Contract for Four Months certain with Harrington and B a like in for the Mire of Horses, at 2 6

per Diem each Horse, and G Shillings ]tcr Week for each Driver, after having applied to Two considerable Dealers in Horses, who asked 3 6 and refused

is. bd.

That from the Expiration of the Term of that Contract, the Horses continued in Service were furnished on the same Terms till the 10th of 1757,

when the Board made a new Contract by Advertisement with George Grifewood (wholeProposal was the loweltof Three delivered in to the Board) for 406 Horses, at 1 grf. per Diem, and 137 Drivers at 8 per Week each; from whence it. appears that by the advertisedContract the 406 Horses and the 13 7 Drivers colt Week £.303.

«) v. bd. and that by the other Contract the same Number of Horses at is. bd.per Diem, and the same Number of Drivers at 6 Shillings per Week, would have colt £. 396. 7$. o d.per Week; whence it appears, that the advertised Contract was cheaper than the other by £.92. 17 s.bd. per Week, which, upon 303. gr. bd.

makes a Difference of more than 30 per Cent.

With Respect to Scotland,

It appears, that on the 29th of April 17 55 a Contract, was made, without Advertisement, with Robert Gardiner, for Horses, at is. 3 per Diem, including the Expence of Conductors and Drivers, which continued to the 29th of January 1759; that at the same Time Mr. Dundafs offered at the same Price, but Gardiner's Proposal was accepted in Consequence of a Letter from General Bland, then Commander in Chief in Scotland: That, on the Second of January 1759, the Board ordered Notice to be given to Robert Gardiner, that his Contract for 1 lorfes should cease on the 49th of the said Month; and an Advertisement was ordered to be published in the Englishand Scotch Newspapers, for Proposals to be received on the 2d of February following; on which Day the Board agreed, and, on the 1 4th, contracted with John Ramsay, One of the Seven Persons, who offered to furnish Horses for Scotland, and whose Proposal was the lowed, being i4\ per Dion, including the Expence of Conductors and Drivers; which, being compared with the Contract of Gardiner at is. 3 d. makes a Difference of 58 Cent.

And with Respect to Germany.

It appears that, on the 4th of July 1758, a Contract was made, without Advertisement, with and Griferooood, for 142 Horses, at is. bd.per Diem-, but, on the nth of the same Month, an Advertisement was published, and a Contract was made with Mr. Richard Ojioald, on the 14th of that Month, for Go Horses, at \s. 10 d. ]>er Diem, with the same Covenants as in Warrington and Gri/ewood's Contract;

from whence it appears, that the first Contract at 2 s. 6d. exceeds the Jail by 8 d.per Diem, and, compared with the fame, makes a Difference of 36 per Cent.

Your Committee further observe, that a Contract was made with Melfieurs Ojioald and the 15th of Januan/ 1760, to furnish 1,000 Horses in Germany, at is. 10 d.per Diem, 400 Drivers at u. bd. per Diem, and Eight Conductors at 3^. per Diem each, and for such further Number as should be required; under which Contract all the Horses, used for the Ar-

tillery in Germany, were furnished from that Time to the End of the War; that Contract was for Six Months certain, after which Time it was in the Power of the Board to have advertised another.

And your Committee having compared the said Contract with another made the 19th of December 1760, J»y Direction of the Board of Treasury, with Lawrence Vol. 29.

Dundafs, Esquire, for furnishing Horses to the Hanoverian Train of Artillery, it appeared, by the fame, that the Agreement made with Mr, Dundafs was for Horses at 1 s.8 d. per Day, Conductors at is. bd. per Day*

and Drivers 1 Shilling.

And, upon comparing the Two Centrals, it appears to your Committee, that the latter is cheaper than the former, upon every Thousand Horses’, with Conductors and Drivers, per £.6,764. 13*. 4

which is above 17 £ per Cent.

And it appeared to your Committee, by all the Contracts for I lorfes in Germany, that, over and above the aforementioned Prices, His Majesty allows the Contractors Forage lor Men and Horses, besides Hamels* and £. 1 o for each Horse killed, or taken by the Enemy, or which shall die, or be disabled in the Service.

And here your Committee cannot avoid taking Notice that, by Mr. Warrington'sCotitract, £.43. 1 zf. bd. ivas paid per Annum for the bare l’f- of a Horse; by Mr. Of void's £.33. 91’. id. by Mr. 8 s.

4 d.and that the Contractors were at no Expence what-4

ever, besides Shoes and Farriery.

Your Committee find, by the Minutes of the Board of Ordnance of the 28th of September 1738, that the Board received a Letter from I.ord then

in Germany, dated the 1: th of September 17 58, in which he writes, that he hopes the Board would think proper to purchase the Horses contracted for with Mellieurs Warrington and Grijeicood, at the Expiration of their Contract, as his Grace the Mailer General approves of that Measure sis the moll economic. And the Board having submitted, by Letter, to the Mailer General, whether Mr. Oswald’s Horses should be put upon the same Footing, they were ordered accordingly.

And your Committee find, from several Letters and Papers laid before them, that, in consequence of the above Letter, the Board changed the Method of contracting, to buying I lorfes for the Train of Ar-

tillery in Germany, which lait Method was continued to the 15th of January 1760* when that of contracting was renewed.

And your Committee, in order to judge of the Rea-fons which induced the Board to return to the first Method of contracting, examined Mr. Bogdani, who said, before the Year 1760, the Trains in Germany

were supplied with our own Horses, which the Board found inconvenient. Colonel Phillips, commanding Officer of the British Artillery then in Germany, made a Representation against it, and pressed to have it altered, which was done, in consequence of Two Letters from Colonel Phillips to the Board of Ordnance; One, dated London the 10th of January 1760, and the other dated Westminsterthe 15U1 of January 1760. Extracts where-

of, fofaras relate to that Matter, are as follow:

Expenditure of the Public Mons y; Ordnance.

My Lord, and honourable Gentlemen,

I think it my Duty, both in respect to the Trull re-posed in me, and to the essential Good of the Service, to lay before your Lordship and the Board, a State of the Artillery Horses, as they have been during the Course of the last Campaign in Germany: In doing this I ilia.ll express many Inconveniences which arose, to the great Detriment of the Service, and which have been attended with infinite Expence.

I will go so lar back as the beginning of our taking the Field in 1759, when the Proportion of Horses being so insufficient, and tho Horses themselves in bad Condition, made even our first Marches with the Artillery an Affair of great Difficulty. Lord George had, through Captain Brome, settled a Contract with a Man in Holland, to purchase Horses at a certain Price;

and after the Train of Horses were quite complete, 20 were to be brought to the Army at the beginning of every Month; but as our first setting out was attended with the Deaths of many Horse^ and many

638 18° Aprilis. A, 1763.

IxpemHttire more rendered unserviceable, the Artillery became un-rawi^Moneys comP^ete> and without a Possibility of Assistance; for Ordnance. the Contractor living in it w'as lirft necessary

to send to him, and even then some Time was to be allowed ere he could bring Horses to the Army. In this State we marched every Day, and in fitch bad Situation we were in, that Count La has several Times sent

the Horses from other Trains to aflilt us, and who had been arrived many Hours, when we were dill prosecuting a March with extreme Fatigue and Danger.

At the Camp at OfnabH. S. H. the Duke, on being informed of our Diffrcfs, ordered 127 Horses to be furnished by the Country. With this lucky Assistance we marched towards Mint the Desertion, from Time to Time, of these prelfed Horses, and the Deaths of others, made us again more incomplete, and without a Possibility of getting Horses, for, as our Army had evacuated WrJ/phalitt, the Road to was be-

come useless to us, and our Contract of no Effect. The Loss wesustained at the Buttle of joined to our

other Losses, made us waut 200 Horses. Lord George then gave me Orders to send to every Part of Germany to buy Horses for the Service. I accordingly sent to Hanover, and elsewhere, by Express, but -with no Success; for the Contractors for other Trains had already bought all up, and the Communication with Holland being fiopt, wc remained without a Power of Relief: To tins, there was no Horses to be pressed, as we marched through a Country quite ruined by the Enemy. J11 this Situation an accidental good Fortune relieved us:

Some Baggage I lories being taken from the Enemy, ll S. II. the Duke ordered them to be sent to us to purchase.

Our Waut of Drivers, during the Course of the Campaign, has also been of very ill Consequence, the Number sent from Englanddecreasing almost daily by Deaths and Sickness; and having no certain Method of procuring them in Germany, and other Trains having the ir

Contractors at every Place ready to furnish themselves, left us unable to hire any. By this Means it has happened that One Driver has had the Charge of Nine, Ten, and Eleven Horses, too great a Number for One Man to take proper Care of From this Scarcity of Drivers, Numbers of Horses have been neglected and loft.

I did all I could to remedy this Evil, by appointing a certain Number of my own Men to look after the Horses; but as we grew sickly, and the Duty became more and more severe, I was soon obliged to withdraw this Assistance, and we were never able to perfectly complete ourselves, during the whole Campaign.

Thus have I given your Lordship and the Board a true State of the Condition we have been in, during the Time of a long Campaign: I have not enumerated on the extreme Fatigue, Danger, and constant Feayf of being left behind on Marches; these being over are felt only in Remembrance.

I have to beg of your Lordship, and the Board, to take my Letter into Consideration, and hope you will settle the Artillery on some certain Footing, whereby the Service may be neither retarded nor endangered.

I shall take all imaginable Care to make myself worthy of your Confidence in this and every other Trull your Lordship and the Board may repose in me. I have the Honour to be, with greatest Respect,

My Lord, and honourable Gentlemen, Your most obedient Servant,

London, William Phillips.

40th January 176 th

My Lord, andlionountble Gentlemen,

Since I had the Honour to address your Lordship and the Board bn the Sul»je& of Artillery Horses, I have

seen a Letter wrote to Commissary Veale, Front Mr. Bat he, Clerk of Si ores in Germany, which teems to confirm what I have mentioned of the Diitrefs which has nrifen at Times from the Uncertainty with which the Horses have been supplied. I will transcribe the Pafi-sage, and leave it to your Lordship and the Board to determine how far I am right.

Mr. Bache, after mentioning his being ordered on Duty with the spare Stores, Powder, See. and to march with them to Corbach,a Town diliance about Fifty Miles from where the Army was, fays,

" I was Three Days before we got here (moaning " Marburg, about Fifteen Miles from the Army) and had there been, as was imagined there would, an " Action, and we obliged to retire, all our Stores " would have been loft. As soon as I got here Mr.

" Davie joined us, whole Complaint for want of Horses " and Oxen, as well as Mr. s, I carried to Captain " Macbean, and, by his Orders, to Captain Bronte, at " Ixird Granby’s. W hile Bronte was speakingto Loid " Granby, concerning our Difirefs, they received an " Order from the Duke to repair to their Ground immediately, and I the same from Bronte to return " hither to Mr. Parr, with Orders to niilreh towards " Fraukenbarg the next Morning. It is impoflihle to

" express our Diitrefs at that Time; for after having " used our utmost Endeavours, out of 55 Carriages, we Were not able to march oft- more than " 24, the rest remaining here without either Horse or " Ox. But Fortune favoured us that Day; fir the " French not caring to attack us, gave Captain " an Opportunity to come over, and he has engaged " for some Horses; so that we shall be able to get " forwards by marching 1 lalf One Day; the Horses " and Oxen returning for the other Half the next " Day."

I imagine this Difirefs must have arofc from an Impracticability of procuring Horses on the Spot, and the Distance being too great to find immediate Relief from Holland.

I have the Honour to be.

My Lord, and honourable Gentlemen,

Your most obedient Servant,

Westminster, William Phillips.

15 January 1760.

Your Committee then examined Col. Joseph , who w'as Aid de Camp to Lord and af-

terwards to Lord G ranby, who ftiid, he purchased Horses for the Government in the Years 1758 and 1759, in Holland, and met with a good deal of Difficulty to get them to the Army in the Middle of the Campaign of the Year 1759, bHt could have got them as readily as the Contractors, if he had had Authority to buy them in other Places; and thinks the Horses he purchased were better than the Contractors: Says, that about December 1759, he wrote a letter to Lord Granby, then in Germany, inclosing a Scheme for furnishing Horses, but which was not produced to your Committee; and he said, that allowing Two Sets for the Year, in 1,200 Horses, £. 14,000 at leall would have been saved: That,

had his Scheme been appro\ed, he should have had Time to have got all the Horses wanted: That Ixird Granby approved it so much, that he sent it to Lord I.igonicr in England: Colonel Brome was sent over with his Accounts, and understood Lord Granby recommended his Scheme to Lord Ligonier.

lie said further, that in the Year 1760, the Train of Artillery was attended with less Difficulties, becuufe the Number of Horses was increaTed.

That, in 1759, the Establishment was about One thousand Horses; but, in 1760, it Was increased near double; for a Waggon which, in 1759, was drawn by Four Horses, had'Six in the Year 1760; and a WaggoA

dra’wn

3 Geo. III. Aprilis. 639

drawn by Five Ilorles ill 1759* had Nine in the Year 1760; and that the Difficulties in the Year 1759* were owing to the Smallness of the Establishment, and not to Pu rebating.

Being atked, if the Confrazors were not obliged to keep spare Horses by them, he said, Yes; and that, in his Sdieme, he had allowed Two Horses for One.

Your Committee then called for Lord Granby’s Letter to Lord Ligonier, dated at the ill of

January 1760, and the Board’s Answer to the fame; Extracts of which, so far as the same relate to furnishing Horses for the Train iu Germare as follow:

EXTRACT of ? Letter from Lord Granby to Lord JLigonier, dated Rotheim, 1 January 1760.

Inclosed I transmit to your Lordship an Estimate for the Furnifiiing of Horses for the Train of Artillery, during the next Campaign, with Captain ifrwne’s letter to me on that Subject; by which it appears, that there is a considerable Diflference, and a much greater Arb vantage to the Service, by the Board of Ordnance purchasing those Ilorfes, than in having them supplied by Contract: But as your Lordship has more Experience and mud know much more of this Matter than I can possibly pretend to, I submit it to your Lordship’s Opinion, which I lliduld be glad to have as soon as possible. — In the mean while, I have sent to the Man who purchased Horses Iafi Year for the Train, in order to commission him to buy up 600 as soon as possible. 'This, I hope, your Lordship will approve of, as our taking the Field early may be requisite; and should it be your Opinion that the Supply by Contract was the most eligible Method, whoever the Contractor may be, will certainly be glad to take them at the Price they may be bought at.

Office of Ordnance, 15th January 1760. My Lord,

We have the Honour to acquaint your Lordship, that we had agreed to contract with Messrs. Ofzoald and Mill, for Horses, Condu#ors, and Drivers for the Artillery in Germany, before the Receipt of your Lordship’s Letter, to the Mailer General; a Copy of which Agreement was transmitted to Mr. Ofzvald, by last Friday’s Poll: But since the Mailer General received your Letter, Mr. Mill has reduced his Prices, and we have now ordered a Contract to be prepared, on the Conditions mentioned in the inclosed Copy of the Agreement, which, we hope, will be for the Good of His Majesty’s Service, and meet with your Lordship’s Approbation.

As the Post for Germany goes out this Night, Time will not permit us to add more at present; but we will take the first Opportunity to be more explicit. — We «re, with the greatest Respe#,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s most obedient.

And most humble Servants,

Charles Frederick. Charles Cocks.

Right honourable Marquis of Granby, &c. &c. &c.

And Mr. GibbsCrawford, who was Secretary to Tho-

mas Orby Hunter, Esquire, Superintendant and Director of Forage to the Army in in the Year 1759*

being examined, said, that Mr. supplied the

Hanoverian Artillery Horses ti he left the Army, which was the 14th of February 1760. His Method was, by issuing Money to Mr. Belgcn to buy Horses; that the Ilorfe Dealers brought them to him, and he ran no Rilquc himself, as no Money was ill’ued till the Horses were received, and a Certificate thereof produced; that the Witness knows of no Difficulty in getting the Sups plies, and never heard of any Complaint of Delay: that he imagines Air. Belgen could ltave got floribs from the Dealers, with the same Eafc, and at the fiune Expence, as Contractors* who mud have employed Dealers as he did.

That it would have been a great Ease to Mr, Huutcf if he liad made Use of Contractors indead of employing Mr. Belgcn, whom he appointed Comptroller of the Train to buy the Horses.

That Mr. Belgen is an Engineer by Profession, and ho Merchant; and that Mr. Situation did not

require a Capital of Jus own, the Money being issued by Mr. Hunter as the Horses were bought.

And it does not appear to yoar Committee, that any other Method was made Use of till the Contract was made with Mr. Dundafson the 19th of December following; Copies of Three Letters and an Extra# of One, which are all relative to that Contract, are annexed to this Report in the Appendix, N° I. II. III.

IV.

Your Committee, upon looking into the Rules, Orders, and Indru#ions for the Government of the Board, observing, that no Gratuity or other Reward whatsoever was to be taken by any Officer, Clerk, or Minider, belonging to the Office of Ordnance, by Reason of any Bill, Debenture, Contracts, Bargains, or Payment of Monies thereupon, or on any other Consideration or Pretence whatsoever, judged it proper to inquire into the Pra#ice of the Office as to that Matter; and found, upon Examination, that it had been the frequent Pra#ice for Tradesmen and Contractors to give Gratuities to the Clerks upon taking out their Debentures; which Gratuities are voluntary and uncertain; but in several Indanees which have been pro--duced to your Committee, have amounted to abolit One per Cent. Butthat no Part of the same appear to have been given for the Use of any of the principal Officers.

Upon pending the several Edimates laid before tl»e House by the Board of Ordnance, during the War, your Committee observe, that the first Article in the Estimate for the Year 1757, comprises the following Particulars; Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for'Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges, all blended together, and charged in One gross Sum; and being desirous to see the Amount of each Particular in that Article, called for an Account of the fame; a Copy whereof is<4}, follows:

Vol. 29.

the

Expen<'i:4i< otr$ PuM<,;

OrdfittULt.

Expenditure of the PuMic Monty; Ordnance.

18° Jprilis. 4. 1763.

The CHARGE of the Ordinary of the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1757.

Repairing of Fortifications Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Pallifades,) making new, and repairing old Carriages in the Forts, Cattles, and Garrisons in England, / Guernsey, and Jersey - - '

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several 7 ,

Forts, Cattles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - J 2,‘" 8

Expence of Shot, Ladles, Spunges, Flags, and otherfmall Stores for the com- 7 mon Duty of Regiments and Garrisons in Great Britain, Jerj'ey, and Guernsey j 1»I4° 7 9

j

Salaries and Rents to the Mailer General, principal Officers, Clerks, Storekeepers, and Attendants, employed in the Tower, St. James's, Whitehall, Hampton Court, Greenwich, toich, Gravesend, Tilbury, Sheer ness, Chatham, G ilingham, Dover, Plymouth,

St. Nicholas Island, Ptndennis, St.Maws, Scilly, Chester, Scarborough, Carlisle, Hull, Berwick, Holy //land, Languard Fort, North Yarmouth, Clifford's Fort, Portland Castle, Guernsey, and

Pay of Engineers, and other military Officers, and Attendants -

Cleaning, repairing, and proving Small Arms in the Tower -

Incident Charges at the several Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, i in taking Remains of Stores, paying extraordinary Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, J Cartage, Messages, and Poltage of Letters .....J

£ d*

9,362 16 9'

3,588 11 6

n»795 8 9

4,587 4 3 *1»272 14 10

9,007 19 11

42,614 16 —

Office of Ordnance, 30 March 1763.

Dan. K

Your Committee, not having Time to examine these Articles minutely, or to see the Vouchers that were offered them in Support of each, were obliged to content themselves with a particular Account of the Salaries mentioned among the other Articles in the Estimate; and they find that, in every Reign, a Warrant, is granted to the Mailer General, the Contents of which are as follow:

GEORGE R.

Right trusty and well beloved Cousin and Counsellor, We greet you well. Whereas, by the great Increase of our Navy and Army, since the Commencement of the War (compared with what they were in the Days of Our Royal Predecessors) the Fortifications and Defences of Our Garrisons, Forts, and Cattles, as also Our Magazines and Stores, have been greatly augmented, thereby occasioning more Engineers, Storekeepers, Clerks/Labourers, and other necessary Instruments and Ministers, than formerly, to be emyloyed in attending Our Trains of Artillery on Expeditions and Services at home and abroad. And for the better ordering, securing, and due keeping and rendering unto you an exact and just Account of Our said Magazines and Stores, for which reasonable Subfilience, Salaries and Wages ought to be, and have been, constantly allowed and paid to them respectively: And for as much as in some Cafes Officers, their Clerks, and others belonging to Attendants on, and employed in, OurOllice

14

of Ordnance have, and ought to have, some Reward or Gratuity made to them for extraordinary Services by themdonc unto Us in the promoting and assisting in the Dispatch of the Business tending to our Service; and Likewise, for and in Consideration of any Charge, Loss or Damage, incurred or fitllained by them, or any of them, in Our Service, Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby require and authorize you, that from Time to Time, youdo cause such Subfilience, Salaries, and Wages, to be allowed, made, and paid upon the Quarter Books, of Our laid Ollice, or otherwise, unto all and every the said Engineers, Storekeepers, Clerks, labourers, and other Instruments and Ministers, or others, as have been, now are, or which hereafter shall or may be, employed by you in Our said Trains of Artillery on Expeditions, in reforming Our Fortifications, or other Services; also in Our Magazines, Stores, or otherwise, in the promoting and ready Dispatch of Matters relating to Our laid Service, as to you shall iecin just and reasonable. And Likewise such Rewards, and Allowances to be given, made, and paid unto any of Our Officers, Storekeepers, Clerks, Labourers, or other Attendants on, and employed in Our said Service for extraordinary Services by them already done, or hereafter to be done, unto Us, or in Consideration of any Charge, I.ofs, or Damage fuliained by them, or any of them, in Onr said Service, as has been formerly accustomed, and to you shall feemjttft and reasonable; hereby approving, ratifying, and confirming what you have hitherto done in the Premises for Our Service; and for lb doing, this shall be, us well to you as to the Auditors of Onr Im-

prefts-,

3 Geo. III. 18* Jprilis. 641

prefts, and all other Our Officers and Ministers concerned in allowing and paving the said Engineers, Storekeepers, Clerks, Ministers, and other Attendants, their respective Pays, Salaries, and Wages upon the Quarter Books of Our said Office, or otherwise, and for so long Time as We shall judge necessary, a full and sufficient War rent. Given at our Court at St. James's, the Ninth Day of March 1761, in the First Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Holdcmejfe.

To Our right trusty and well beloved Cousin and Councillor John Viscount Ligonier, Master General of our Ordnance.

Yonr Committee then called for an Account of the Salaries, paid by Debenture, and distinct from the Establishment in the Quarter Books, for the Years 1757 and 1762; and, on comparing them together, the Salaries in the First amounted to £.4,934 i8r. 6d. and in the last to £.8,735 17 s.9rf.; which Accounts are annexed to their Report N° V. and VI.

Your Committee would gladly have extended their Inquiry to the State of the Stores, and the Method of Receipts and Deliveries in that important Branch; and a Variety of other Matter hath occurred, which would have rendered their Report much more satisfactory, if they had been less confined in Time. But your Committee beg leave to observe, that, if the Practice of employing the same Tradesmen by the Master General’s Signification had been less frequent, if the Method of regulating the Prices of Commodities by a low Standard In an Office Book, and afterwards relieving the Trades-men by an Allowance of Money upon the Report of inferior Officers, had been altogether laid aside, and more open Bargains for Contracts had been made, agreeably to His Majesty’s Instructions, all engrossing would have been prevented, due Encouragement given to new Proposals, the Board would have been better served, and considerable Sums fared to the Public.

I am persuaded that the short Time you have been in this Country, you have seen enough to convince you, that performing this Service by Coin raft will be greatly to the Advantage of the Public; and it ascertains the Expence, which at present is not known. I beg to have your Answer as soon as possible, that I may know what Preparations to make, in case you agree to this Propofol.

I am, SCc.

Signed Laws Dundas,

N* II.

f‘ Copy."

Warburgh, Deer, qth x 760.

S!R,

Colonel Pierson having informed me, that the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury had, by their Letter to him, agreed to accept of the Propofols’ made by Mr. Dundas, for furnishing Horses for the Service

of the Hanoverian Artillery, I desire that you would finiffi his Contraft immediately, as it will be for the Good of the Service. I am.

Sir,

Your moil obedient Servant,

Granby.

N* III

Extract of a Letter from Colonel , to Mr. Hatton,

dated Warburgh, 10th Dec'r. 1760.

The Lords of the Treasury having agreed, by their Letter to me of the 7th Odtoiber, to accept of Mr. das's Propofol for furnishing the Hanoverian Artillery; it is Lord Granby's and my Opinion, that you make the Contraft with him according to his Propofols.

N* IV.

" Copie."

APPENDIX. NT.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Dundas to Colonel Pierson, dated Cassel, 29th July 1760, sent to the Treasury, and the Terms approved Dy their Lordships.

SIR,

In Consequence of the Convention I had with you lbme Days ago, with respect to furnishing Horses for Ihe Hanoverian Train of Artillery, I trouble you with this Letter to make Offer of furnishing 6,000 Horses, or whatever more may be wanted, with Drivers and Conductors, at the Rates under mentioned:

Each Horse at is. %d. per Day.

Each Driver at 1 s. per Day.

Each Conductor at per Day.

The Contraft to be for Six Months certain, and any other Articles that are in the Contraft for the British Artillery, to be allowed in this.

I am also willing to take all Horses fit for Service, now in the Artillery Train, and to pay the same Price as was paid to tho Hanoverian Commiforiat, or any reasonable Price that can be agreed upon.

J’ai vu par les trois extraits que vous m’avis communique’s hier des Lettres de My Lord Granby, et de Moufieur le Colonel Pierson, An 9 et du 10 du courant; qu’on eft intentionnC de donner entreprise tous les trains de l’Artillerie avec les trains des vivres de l’armee a Mr. Dundas. Comme je me date que le choix salt de Mr. Dundas pour une entreprise fi importante eft tel, qu’on peut fe promettre que le Service en ira mieux, et qu’il peut etre rendu responfable d’une entreprise aussi vaste, aussi etendoe, et aussi etroitement liee k ce qui salt proprement le bien effectiel du Service de l’armee; je ne puis que donner mon Approbation fous les conditions cy dessus, et je ferois charmC de voir bientot ces deux branches etablies fur un pied plus solide que par Je padfe.

k IJftara, Ferdinand Due de Brorfwie & de

18me Dec. 1760. Lunebourg.

M. le Commilfoire General Hatton.

\ol. 29.

7?

A*

Ea-ttnditUfc of the Public Money; Ordaaacfe.

642 ,iS°'Ap. ' vf. 1763.

bpen Jit me AN ACCQUXT of (lie Paiticsjfar* of the fcrefal Salaries.paid fry Debenture, cImr«L-d in the (V^Swry <Sf r«viu Umuj, the Office of Ordnance, drfiinguishing the Perfmss Names, together with ib4r Enipto;in the Year

1757- — Prepared pursuant to an Older of a Committee of tfre honourable llause ol Commons, dated fr

«7«3* ’

Nxcrscs. j — 7 — ' - x T-: — Errrp5<K’iiaei3«. ' Ptf Dknx. 7 — r ! JW Aamm.

1 . &. I . £. t -ii.

Crr/f Biflmpp, F.fip Superinteisdaat of tJie Founderies - -; - _ - T,

TAm. Stanyford, Efij. - Solicitor - jo*

TcJ&fl f?r«ry - Keeping in Repair the Water Engines 5n the Terper - — hi — —

James Bqffbtp. Mailer of the Montagu Sloop; for manning and: ' ' T

Samuel Spanton - victualling the ttsid Sloop -Matter of the Marlborough Hoy; fur manning and 1 r < — < — 27*w —

viehjatting the fold Hoy - -1 - , 1- . J J-00 —

Andrew Schalch - Matter Founder at Wookctch - . - - — — . -ala — — *.

IJeut. Col. James Dcaie Keeping in Repair the HouflioM Waggonsat the Siam- J*:

house in Saiul James'* Park - - ., j £

Aynfworlk T Keeping hi Repair the Clocks in the Timer -» — — ' -13 '€ —

William Grout - Bargeinafier; for Ro&i and 'irtiiow- for cleaning the 1

Office Barge - - - ' . - - !

Henry More Superintendant of Guns and Batteries on li>e Coriivof ,1 ' 1

Great Britain and Wales - < - > - . 3 ?.: 2 2? 2

'Thomas Hartwell Assistant Modder - - - 3 " £ 1 7' ’S 9r 3 -r

Ralph Ward - - j Ditto - - -: V' -

Robert Hartwell- Apprentice nn^er the Mo^der - - 1 n - 4 , 12

Robert M*Gill - . Smith at the l^boratoxy — Pay of his Apprentice i 6 27 y

John Cook - Carpeuterat D* - - — Dv - - -; 1 ^7 7

franc it Deane - Modeler to the Academy — 1)* - - - j < 6 27 7' 4

Nicholas Mercator - 1 f it Coadlcler^ioii of his long aiul faithful Seivices; 4m ’ Sm

William Coot - - j Ditto - - — - ^4

William Bogdan Making Indexes to ftwlry Office Books - < i 73 — —

Edicard Nickfo Affi&uit to the SurveyorGfnfraTs FirGL&erk 4 i’ 3 s li

John Boddiagtou- Ditto — Clerk of die Ordnances D" - 3 " V5 -i*

William Gregory Ditto — Storekeepers — D* - - s 6 '41 is IS

John Fidgets to 30th ': 4 .

'llto. Woolridge Cleri - from ifLO&.\ *" 3®

Benjamin Alliu - - ! -; 40

IHos. Strickland - ----- — m 4<»

John Reynolds - -: ,4® r

Olif Adams - - - - '

Wm.Maurice,) Clerks at the Office in the Tower

William Hums ——

Thomas Adams - ----- - 40

Samuel Cockcroft - 1®

Robert Benton - - - i 4® — "

Richard Ceaje - - - - -: 4 — 73 — —

Thomas Day George Ayres Clerk m ordinary under die Surveyor Genera], to make x 6 45 a 2

up his Salary to £. 50 per Azuusi - -; V® -n

Nicholas Wittw D\ under the Lieutenant General - -« -: Ji3 <r-, *r~

John I-eJlie For his extraordinary Services- 5 — 91 5 — '

Richard Barton - 5 — 5 —

William Brqficr - X r ¥ 56 ie —

George Haines - - - 4 — 7 > — —

Joseph Heath ’ — - - -; 3 — i 54 J r> —

Thomas Sandby - ’ - - 3 54 15 -

Peter Campbell - - - z 6 45 ®

Stephen Fane - - - - T , 2 S 45

William Sumpter - % ii 4 i ta ip

Abraham Daub ant - z b c 45 ia 4

Darnel Slack Employed in the Drawing Room in the lower, to 2 — . 3‘>

William Pratt - > copy and contract Draughts, Plans, &c. 2 — g5 :o —

Francis Narlloo - -: 1 6 -7 7 f

Frederick Mulcaster 1 6 27 7 i

John Wad - ----- 1 6 27 7 -»

Edward Smart - - - - ] 1 6 27 7 t?

Charles Kingsley - - 1 6 *7 7

Richard Coombs - 1 6 27 7

Nathan Minshall - -; - from 23 Augvjt - 1 6 4

William Parker - J ~ - 1 6 27 7 -»*

r/yndf

5 Geo. III.

Names.

18Q Aprilis.

Frauds Jiry -

George Campbell -Alg.tr. Suthe

William Sh

John Cooper games Futtif-

Samuel Cle

John Huy ter John Hargrave -Anthony Younger -George Hemington John. Fay lie Richard Dyfarl -. James Bqrgeau --John English John Greenwood Richard North -

Office of Ordnance, 7 April 1763.

Employments.

Clerk of Stores at Dover - -

Late Storekeeper at Woolwich, superannuated -

Firing the Guns on Tower Wljarf

Looking after the Field Train at

t<\ffifting the -Armourer in the Iiorfe Armoury

to 34 March 7commiflary of Stores in North Britain \ to 34 Decern. \ -

Directing the Works-and Re]>airs at <-

Queefeer of Works aHd Repairs at D* -

D" ----- — at

- D® - - - at Tilbury -

D® - - at Upnor

Nleflenger from Wookoichto the Tower

Directing the making of Mantlets

Overseer of Carpenters, Wheelwrights, fife, at Woolwich

Trooper at the Tower

Fixing Ladles, fife, in the Tower -

Dan. Kemp.

Per Diem.

64$

Per Annum.

d. i- d-

5 6 100 7 6

- 100

2 6 45 12 6

- - 40 — —

- 316 —

2 6 45 *2 6

10 — 182 10 —

3 — 5t *5 "

2 6 45 12

> A — 73

3 — 54 J5 —

5 — 91 5

5 — 91 5 —

5 ~ 91 5 —

39 2 6

2 6 4p 6

4,934 18 6

n° yi.

1 '

AN ACCOUNT of the Particulars of the several Salaries paid by Debenture, charged in the Ordinary ,ot tiro ..Office of Ordnance, distinguishing the Persons Names, together with their Employments, in the \ ear 1762. - — Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Committee of the honourable House of Commons, dated 5 April 1763. - -

Names.

Cecil BiJJwpp, Esq. Tho. Stanyfurd, E£q.

Ephraim Brooks -James Boffom

John May -

Andrexv Schalch -James Detillin

Aynfworlh Thwaits William Grant

Henry More

Frederick Mulcaster Thomas Hartwell Ditto Robert Hartioell -William Bj/h

Nicholas Wittwer

George Ayres Nicholas Mercator William Cook William Bogdani Benjamin Allin -John Boddington - . William Gregory John Lejlie - Fr ancis Bryant -George Campbell Fielding Empson - . William Sherman Vqj.. 29.

Employments. Per Diem. Per An quid.

s. d. £. s. d.

- Superintendant of the Founderies . , A.* rQO

- Solicitor and Counsellor 0 OOOO

- Keeping in Repair the Water Engines in the Toiver - *» 0 66 — —

► Master of the Montagu Sloop; for manning and victual-

ling the said Sloop . _ 270

- . Master of the Marlborough Hoy; for manning and vic- /

tualling the said Hoy - - 100 — —

- Master Founder at Woolwich - 1 2IQ —

- Keeping in Repair the Flouftiold Waggons in O

James's Park - _ 80

- D* Clocks in the Tower 6 6 —

- Bargemaster; for llolin and Tallow for cleaning the

Office Barge - - - - 8

- Superintendant of Guns and Batteries on the Coasts of Great Britain and Wales - - - 12 6 228 2 6

- Assistant - - Ditto - - from Nov. - 5 — 15 5 —

- Modeler 100

- Pay of an Apprentice under him - 2 6 45 12 6

- Assistant Modeler - - 4 — 73

- - - D" - - 4 — 7 3

- Clerk in ordinary under the-Lieut. General, to make

up his Salary £ 50 per Annum - - to

- - - D® - under the Surveyor General - D® - - 10

- In Consideration of his long and faithful Services - 50 - —

- - Ditto - - - - 40

Making Indexes ta fmnfi'y Office Books 4 — 73 —

«, Assistant to the Surveyor General’s first Clerk - 4 6- 82 2 {>

- D® - Clerk of the Ordnances D® 3 — 54 15 "

- D* - Storekeepers D* - 2 ft 45 12 ft

For his extraordinary Services - - 5 "7 91 5 —

Storekeeper at Dover - 5 6 100 7 6.

Late Storekeeper at Woolwich, superannuated 100

Firing the Guns on the Tower.Wharf -- 3 — 54 «5 —

- Looking after the Field Train, at Hull \ 40 George

Expenditure of rb* PijMw MpH# Orduance*

644 18° Aprilis.

Expenditure of the xum — Public Money $ Names. Ordnance* Employments. Per Diein.

George Ayres,. Jan. s. d.

Ben} Meecher ——

Charles White John Reynolds - 1 -1 1 1 t 1 1 1 1 i 1 -

Wm Maurice Bogdani - — — — m

William Humfrey Thomas Adams -Thomas Goddard to 31 Mar. William Gardiner Edward Skort Cades Middleton 1 Mar. Richard Blight - - — *» — , m . m — - — . _ > Clerks at the Office in the Tower - 4b A «t Ofe * - at m

John Lock -Tho. Haberfield -Clarke -IVmNettle/hip from 1 May 1 1 1 1 III. 1 1 I lilt III 1 1 I T a*

Richard — - - -' < 4

Thomas Day - - a 6

William Brajier - -> 2 —

George Haines - - 5 —

Stephen Fane ----- 4 —

Thomas Sandby - 3 —

William Pratt m 3 —

John Wall - - a 6

William Parker - 2 6

Francis - ----- 2 6

Andrew Durnford - - - -f 2 6

Thos. Chamberlain m 2 —

William Tejt «» 2 —

John Turner — — J - 1 6

Thomas Smart John Ringe Employed in the Drawing Room in the Tower, to copy f and contract Draughts, Plans, Ac. 1 6 1 6

John Caddy ----- 1 6

Charles Smith 1 6

John Potter ----- 1 6

John Chamberlain ----- m 1 6

William Twifs to 30 June - - . 1 6

Francis Gould - ----- 1 6

William Booth — — 1 6

John Wade - — — 1 6

James Sumpter - — — — 1 6

John Lewis Wittwcr ----- 1 6

Henry Mercer - m + — — - 1 6

John Edxoardsfromzi May - - - 1 6

John Cooper Assisting the Armourer in the Horse Armoury - -

Capt. Peter Junes Commissary of Stores in North Britain 2 6

John Hayter Directing the Works and Repairs at Woolwich 10 —

John Hargrave - Overseer of Ditto - 3 —

Richard Dyfart - Messenger from Woolwich to the Tower 5 —

James Bargeau - Directing the making of Mantlets - 5 —

John Eng Overseer of Carpenters, Wheelwrights, fife, at 5 —

John Pet. Defmaretx - Clerk of the Fortifications -

Andrew Durnford Draughtsman to Col* Deftnaretz- 2 6

William Pratt - - - D* - to the Chief Engineer - - 2 —

William Miles - Clerk extraordinary at Plymouth - 2 — -

Thomas Jones, Esq. Inspecting the Work carrying on in the BrafsFoundery io —

Richard Coombs - Affiiiant to the Clerk of the Works - 3 —

Philip Lempriere Storekeeper at Jersey — additional Salary

Johnson Robinson In lieu of travelling Charges to Magazine -

Edward Miles - - - Ditto - OB 9

John Humfrey - - - Ditto at

Richard Foot Charles Mafoto 30 Sept. Office Keeper to the Treasury Office ^Labourer at the Royal 4 -

Charles Green from 1 Octo. jObfervatory at Greenwich,) —

Eleanor Johnson - Housekeeper to this Office aUthe Tower —

Jeffry Okes - - - Ditto - - - - at Westminster -

Robert Clerk of the small Gun Office — —

Abraham - Overseer in the Medway Division ... 2 6

Thos. Sumpter - - - Ditto - - D* 5 —

Joseph King - - Ditto ----- at Guernsey - € —

Francis Gatton - . D* ----- Berwick 5 —

John Fowles --D* - -- - Carlisle - %P 3 —

John Wooler - - D* - Scarborough, IO —

Charles Lt Auvergne - Overseer of the Work* < - at Jerfcp - 5

A. 1763.

Per Annum*

£. s. d

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

4°-----

40-----

10-----

40-----

35 5

33 7

40-----

40-----

40-----

40 -

26 13 S

73 -7

43 it 6

06 to — -

9‘ 5-

73-----

54 *5 ~ 54 ‘5 — 45 6

AZ it 6

45 «» J 45 11 6

36 10 —

36 10 —

27 7 6

7 7 7 7 7 7

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

27

27

27

27 27

27

13 11

27 7

27 7

27 7

27 7

27 7 27 7

14 12

31 6 —

it 12 5

18a 10 —

54 J5 —

91 5

9l 9 —

91 5

60-----

45 i* 9

36 10 —

36 10 — 182 10 —

54 15

60 -

33 6 8

33 6 8

33 6 8

26 — —

26 — —

50----- r

50-----

60-----

45 12 6

9l 5

109 xo —

91 5

54 15 -

182 to —

91 i:

John-

1

3 Geo. IIL

i 8° Jprilis.

645

Names.

John Ellis -John Bates George A

DetlofMiller Joseph Winder David Goodwin

Employments.

D* - - ,

D# - - - - in the Cinque Ports

D® Tower

Overseer of Carpenters, Kc. at the Tower D® of the Repairs at Chester -

Cooper at Arderfeer -

Per Diem.

S.

4

5 3 3 3 3

Per Annum.

Master Gunners and Gunners at the Nine Batteries on the Coast of Suffix and Kent:

Joseph ffijlop Donald XT Donald Charles Stranover John Newman Henry Romerman Frederick Vogt -Robert Gibbs Ralph Elliott Edward Biggs -James Elliott Richard Cochran Henry Wood John Bird -Marmaduke Dobbs John Cheesman -William C

William I Listings James Crumby -

Benjamin P Esq.

Edward Wilks -lLnnfr Deere John Holmes Richard Hall

Edward

Thomas MasterJ'on William Bache -William Bullock -John Valton

Master Gunner at Amndel Haven - 2 —

- Gunner at D* I —

- Master Gunner at Brighthelmstone - - . 2 —

- Gunner at D® - - - I —

- Master Gunner at Newhaven - 2

- Gunner at D*

- Master Gunner at the Battery near Scaford 2

- Gunner at D® - I —

- Master Gunner opposite Scaford - 2

- Gunner D® - I —

- Master Gunner at Hajlings ----- 2 —

- Gunner at D* I

- Master Gunner at Rye ----- 2

- Gunner at D® I

- Master Gunner at 1lyth- 2 —

- Gunner at D® I

- Master Gunner at Folkstone ----- 2

Gunner at D® I

Establishment at Fcversham:

- Superintendant for Rent -

- Storekeeper

- Clerk of the Cheque 3 —

- Clerk extraordinary ----- 2 —

Master-worker -

At Purjleet:

Storekeeper -Clerk of the Survey Clerk of the Cheque Clerk extraordinary

7

3

3

2

2

91 5 —

Part of the old Establishment, which ceases on the Death of the under-mentioned Perfoiw;

Richard King John Hen. Mauclerc Edward Turner

Engineer and Colonel of Artillery - m

- Gunners - - - - 1 —

1

18

18

s. d.

— —

5 —

x5

*5 —

*5 —

*5

10

5

10 —

5

10 —

5 —

10 —

5 —

10

5 —

10 —

5

10 -

5 —

10

5 —

10 —

5

*5 —

10 —

l5

r5 —

*5 —

10 —

10

5 —

5

Expenditure ot t e Public Money;

Ordnance.

18

3fi

18

36

18

36

18

36

18

36

18

36

18

36

18

18 e. —

A Member takes Oaths.

Office of Ordnance,

11 Aprilx 763.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and madeand subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Vol. 29.

£ 8>735 17 9

Dan. Kemp.

Ordered \That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8 A

6+6

Buckmoh.vn

Writ.

Joqrnals*

Bath Writ.

Punhtved

Ekftion.

19* Aprdis.

A. 1763.

Mar thy 19* \

Anno 3* Georgii III. Regis, 1763.

PfeAYEUS.

Office of Warfen of the Stannaries, and Steward of the

E"*?' ,’ W Counties of Cornwall and

Devon, his Seat in this House is thereby vacated

It passed in the Negative.

Befohed, Nemine contradicente.

That the Thanks of this House be given to Brigadier Bri, Gowi

Dope thanked.

ORdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to General , for the eminent Services he has per.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ formed *° h>s King and Country, in assisting in th<

for the Electing of a Bnrgel’s to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of in the County of Buckingham, in the Room of the Right

honourable George Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Offices of First Commissioner for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of Chan-

a the

Conquest of Manila, and the Reduction of the Phiti-pine Islands: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the same to him.

Nemine contradicente.

That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral Comish, for the eminent Services he has per-

lipine Islands: And that Mr. Speaker do signify the

Admiral

Curniih

thanked.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the IToufe, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order such a further Sum of Money to be advanced to Jeremiah Esquire, as shall be

necessary for completing the Printing of the Journals of this House, to the End of the last Session of Parlia-

iame to him.

Mr. Whihcorthreported from the Committee, ap- Highways;

pointed to inquire into the Management and Applica- Application tion of all such Sums of Money as have been collected 0 oael' within Eleven Years last pall, by virtue of any Act of

menti ami also he Rt-j,rising of the FirstFourtc- p.^ , lor repeiringany particular Highway; and

' of the Journals of this House, with Imleaes to r(!|)ort the Matters, as thej should appear to them

Volumes

thereto; and also the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Esquire,

Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, and to the Journal of the last Session; and to afltire His Majesty, that this House will make good the same ;) hail been presented to His Majesty; and that I lis Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the Room of the Right honourable John Viscount Ligonier, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, fiucc his Election for tl»e said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed, That Humphry Morrice, Esquire, having, since his Election for the Borough of

Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornea//, accepted the Office of Warden of the Stannaries, and Steward of the Duchy of Cornwall, in the Counties of

Cornwall and Devon, desires the Opinion of the House, whether his Seat in this House is thereby vacated;

The House was moved, That An Act, made in the First Year of the Ilcign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, " and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, " Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the " fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Ma-

together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to Several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, in order to proceed in a regular and uniform manner, drew up such Questions to be answered by the proper Officers belonging to each particular Trust, as occurred to them most worthy of Esa^ minatiorw

The Queries were as follows:

1 The Debt in 1751.

2 The yearly Revenue.

The ordinary Expences in each Year,

The extraordinary Expences.

The Sums borrowed.

The Interest paid.

7 The Principal, or what Part thereof has been paid.

8 The present Debt.

9 The Officers Salaries.

The Extent of the Road.

Alphabetical Liftof Trustees, and what Number

of Times each Trustee has attended.

The Committee think it proper, before they enter into a Detail of their Proceedings, to (late to the House the Turnpikes they have had under Consideration; which are; First, The Kenfingto s Secondly, The iyhone) Thirdly, Ijlingtons Fourthly, Hackney; Fifthly, Stamford Hill} Sixthly, New Cross; Seventhly, Surrey New Roads.

3

4

5

6

10

11

1.

Kensington Turnpike.

jesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession The ordinary Expences for 11

f' .....c r'__J iL _ xr 1 , r

The Debt in 1751 - £. 3,300

Total Revenue for 11 Years is - £.38,489.2*44*

Which communibus Ais

to the Crown of Great Britain, in the Protestant " Line," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was tnaae, and the Question being put.

That the Right honourable Humphry Morrice, having, Which id since his Flection for the Borough of Dunheved, alias

Launcejton, in the County of Cornaccepted the

29>ia5 16. 4.|

Years have been

ThTKWorii'nary Lpm^fotS7 *erAm-

11 Years J $,284 6. 10.

>4

Tters

4. Hodmen Turnpike.

3 Geo. III. 199 Aprilis,

There has been paid of the Principal - 1900

The present Debt is - - 1400

Salaries per Annum as follows;

Treasurer’s Clerk - - - 50

a Surveyors at £. 50 each - - - 100

Secretary and Supervisors - - 100

12 Gatekeepers at 10 s. per Week - 312

562

The Extent of the Road is 15 Miles.

The Trustees who have given the tnoft constant Attendance, though others have occasionally been pre-

font, are.

Mr. Timbrell - S7 Times

Mr. Scott 81

Mr. Philimore 76

It has further appeared on Examination of Mr. Philips, Builder, 'who is Treasurer to the said Trust, that the Road might be kept in Repair for £.140 a Mile, which will make a considerable Saving.

a. Marybonc Turnpike.

The Debt in 17 52was on the old Road -, The Total yearly Income -Which amounts per Annum to The total ordinary and extraordinary Expence -

Which amounts per Annum to -The total Sum borrowed is Interest paid r Principal paid -The present Debt -

jC-7>ai7

16,886 16 8£

*»535 3 4

16,582 5 7$

i>5°7 9 7 10,717 o o 2,541 11 1

3.417-----

7,300-----

The Salaries are.

Treasurer £. 30 per Ann. for a Clerk.

Surveyor 60

Clerk 30

7 Collectors at 9*. per Week; 1 Collector at i2£.

The Extent of the Road is about 5 Miles and an half.

The Trustees who have given the moll constant Attendance are,

Wm. Thomas, Esquire, Treasurer 123 Times.

George Hener 92

Wm.Godfrey - - - - 73

Upon Examination into the Particulars relating to the Mary bone Trust, it appear, that the Repair of the Gravel Road has amounted to £. 6,528. 6. 8. One of the Causes whereof has been the railing the hollow Part to a proper Level; and another Part of this Expence was, for building the new Toll House and Gates at Tyburn, which has amounted to £.483 5. 11. besides the Labourers Expences, and digging the Foundations.

3. Islington Turnpike.

Your Committee did on the 30th of last Month enter into an inquiry relating to many Particulars as to the Management of this Trull, but not having had Time to hear all Persons, and to have such Papers delivered in as might explain some Articles by the Illnels of Mr. Rimes the Clerk, apprehended it more conftftent with Justice not to make any Report thereof, unless they could have been enabled to have made a very full and particular one, which they hope to do if the House should think proper to order a Committee to inquire into it the ensuing Seliions.

Vol. 29.

The Debt in 1752 Total yearly Ineome Which is per Ann. -Total ordinary Expence Which amounts per Ann. to Total extraordinary Expence Which is per Ann. -The Sum borrowed Interest paid -Principal paid Present Debt

£- Sn d.

1000 Q 0

10,896 9 3*

1,089 17 ii±

7^77 16 6f

757 15 7*

L4i7 0 5

141 14 oj

700 0 0

268 3 0

1,100 0 0

500 0 9

Salaries. Cleric £. 40 and Surveyor £. 60 per Ann. Extent of the Road about 5 Miles f.

Trustees who have given the moll constant Attendance are.

Win. Reynolds - - 358

Henry Nvbinfbn - - 230 and

Alexander Skcqf - - 110

5. Stamford Hill Tarn pike.

Debt in 1752 -

Total yearly Income "Which is per Asm. -Total ordinary and extraordinary Expence -Which is per Ann. -

Sum borrowed

Interest paid - -

Principal paid off -Present Debt.

8»3°° — 20,732 *7 1,884

l9»T93 o i,744 16 None since 1

1,3*5 *7 None. 3,300 o

0

Salaries. Surveyors £.50; Collectors Wages about £. 160.

The Extent of the Road is about 14 Miles.

The Trustees who have given the moll constant Attendance for these 11 Years, are

Merry Tafkmaker - * 104 Times

Mr. Osborn Fuller - 64

Henry Spurling, Esquire - 63 John Weyland, Esquire - 76

The Particulars to be observed relating to the Stamford Hill Trull are, according to the Account given by Mr. Adam Hamilton and James , That the Waters are frequently out in the said Road, so as to prevent Passengers from travelling, and have coutinued so for some Hours; that the Mail has been flopped several Times; that a Bridge may be thrown over and a Causeway made, and the Waters drained off, for about 1,500 or/. 1,600; that no Money has ever been laid out, or Method taken by the Trull, to carry off the said Waters.

6. New Cross Turnpike.

Debt in 175a Total yearly Income Which is per Ann. -Total ordinary Expetice Which is per Ann. -Total extraordinary Expence -Which is per Ann. -Sum borrowed -

Interest paid

Priucipai paid Present Debt u

Salaries. Clerk £. 50 per Am. Extent of the Road

5»5°°

23,180

2,107

207452

1,85c

1,798

163

- 2,700

Hot distinguHhad from the ordinary and extraordinary Eocpenc*.

3,700 O O 4,500 o 9

o

o

5

14

6

13

10

o

5i

9

9*

4

3*

o

Trustees

<S48

i 90 Aprilis.

Highways; Application of Money.

Trustees who have given the mofl donstant Attendance,

7 Trustees have attended from 90 Times and upwards-during 11 Years.

174 Trustees have never attended during 11 Years.

Surrey New Road Turnpike.

Vol.Il.

Page. Se&.

23

A. 1763;

66

Debt in 1752

Adit passed in 1751.

11,191 17 5*

1,017 8 i°i

11,053 6 0

1,105 6 7

13,764 10 HI

i>*43 2 9+

13,500 0 U

Michaelmas 1 None. 762.

13,500 0 0

Total yearly Income Which is per Annum upon Lease Total ordinary Expence Which is per Annum Total extraordinary Expence

Which is per Annum Sum borrowed

Interest paid per Cent. Up Principal paid

Present Debt.

Salaries — Clerk and Surveyor £.60 per Annum.

Extent of the Road about 5 Miles.

The Trustees who have given the moll constant Attendance are

John Middlemarsh ", - - . - 75

Peter Theobald - - - - 75

Daniel Ponton - - - - 7 3

The Committee -think proper to observe, That although they have taken the Gross Sums of the Revenue and Expence, yet the feverat Particulars, of which the same are composed, are specified in the Papers to this Report annexed.

Upon a Consideration of the Inquiry made into the Management of the above Trusts, the Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in most of the Turnpikes the Money has not been so properly managed as it might have been.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trustees of the several Trusts have not given due Attendance at the public Meetings.

Vol. I. Page. Sefl.

5 6

6 10

15 *9

38 i4

24 10

and 84 10

.04 23

259

10

Kenjinglon Turnpike.

~ Col I editors.

Ordered, That the Collectors do give Security in the Sum of Fifty Pounds:

That the said Bonds, when executed, be delivered to the Clerk for the Time being, and that they remain in his Hands, in Trust for the Trustees:

That no Person be employed hereafter, as a Collector, but such as can read and write:

That a little blank Paper Book be given to each of the Collectors to keep their Accounts in; and that they take Care to enter the several Sums that they shall daily collect at the several Turnpike Gates, in order to account, on Oath, for all Sums they tlia.ll receive:

That for all Droves of Cattle passing through the Turnpike Gates, the Tickets that shall be delivered on shall be

in Force till Monday Noon following, and the Tickets that shall be delivered for Droves of Cattle every other Day, besides Saturday, shall be in Force till the Day following at Noon.

That no Collector shall leave his Duty on account of Sickness, or other Inability, without fending to the Treasurer or Supervisor for another Person to discharge that Duty; which Person shall account, on Oath, in the same Manucr as the rest of the Collectors do*.

That upon Reviews, Ilorfe Races, and other 1 ublic Occasions, there shall 1 Hi Two or more additional Persons employed at Hay Hill and Knifing!on Gates, betides the present Collectors, to atlirt in taking the 'loll, under the Direction of the Super- vil'or, Surveyor, or either of them, who are likewise to attend at the said Gates; that is, One of them at each Gate, on such extraordinary Occasions, and take the Money immediately as collected from the Collectors:

79 23 That I.he Treasurer, or his Clerk, do

give Receipts to each Collector for the several Sums he shall receive of them, and that the Collectors do deliver Inch Receipts to the Secretary, in order to charge the Treasurer with the Money received for Toll:

24 That the Secretary compare such Receipts, with their Accounts, to which they are monthly sworn:

That no Collet-for do presume to go off Duty till properly relieved by the other Collector in Turn:

That no Collector do presume to employ any Person to collect in his Stead, nor any Supernumerary Collet-for to go upon I)a‘y, and collect Money, at any Turnpike Gate, without a particular Order from the Tiea-fuier or Supervisor for that Purpose; and that no Collet-for’s Wife or Child do, upon any Pretence whatsoever, receive or collect Toll Money at the Gates, nor be allowed to continue in any Turnpike House, but 011I v to bring her Husband Necessaries when on Duty:

26c 5 That no Collector shall discover to any

other Collector the Amount of his Day’s or Week’s Collection; and in case they presume so to do, they will be dilmiiTed the Service of this Trust:

12 That the Supervisor do, at all future Meetings, report what Supernumeraries, from Time to Time, have been employed, in whose Places, and at what Gates:

13 That all Supernumeraries as shall be put upon Duty, do, at the next Board, attend, in order to swear to their Accounts; and that the Secretary take care they have Notice accordingly:

389 14 That in appointing any Supernumerary

to do Duty for a Rationed Collector, particular Regard be had to Precedency; and that they be put on Duty in Turn, according as they Hand in Priority, upon the Lift settled for that Purpose:

That, for the future, at such Gates where Two Collectors are on Duty at the same Time, that One of the Collectors do alternately take and receive all the Toll collected within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, being the Time they continue on Duty; and that if, for the Sake of Dispatch, it becomes necessary for the other Collector to receive any Part of the Toll that he do immediately deliver the fa ne over to the Collector, whole Turn it shall oe to rece.vc* the Collection of the Day* and that the Supervisor do take partial tlle Order be duly

Vol. III.

25 6

That

w

3 Geo. III. 19° Jprilis. 649

Vol. III.

Page. See.

74

122 3

»54

237

33*

Vol. IV.

That each Collector on Duty do mark with Ink the Number of every Hackney Coach as shall pass through the Turnpike Gate, on the Back of the Ticket, which shall be delivered, in order to prevent Frauds from the Sale or Delivery of Tickets by the Hackney Coachmen, and in same of his neglecting so to do, he shall be dismissed.

That Collectors of this Toll do carefully observe and take Notice of all Annoyances that may pass through the Turnpike Gates, or be cast on the Road, and use their utmost Endeavours to discover the Offenders, and give immediate Notice thereof to the Supervisor, that the Board may be acquainted, from Time to Time, of the fame.

That no Collector, under this Trust, do presume to suffer any Person or Persons, under any Pretence whatsoever, to abide, loiter, or remain in any of the Turnpike Houses, but that they do refuse Admittance to any Person or Persons who shall attempt to enter the fame; and that any Collector who shall neglect to put in Force this Resolution, shall incur the severest Censure of this Board.

Complaint being made, that the Collectors had demanded Money of the Passengers in Hackney Coaches which had paid Toll, and for which a Ticket of the Day was produced by the Coachman, with a fraudulent Design;

That if any Collector, for the future, flndl commit, or be any ways concerned in such a Fraud, by demanding Money of the Passengers, in such same such Collector shall, upon Proof thereof, be discharged from his said Office; and that Notice hereof be given to each Collector.

That, for the future, the several Collectors be relieved from Duty at the Hour of Eight o’clock in the Morning, from ift November to ift February, annually; and at the Hour of Seven in the Morning, for the Residue of the Year.

11 That no Collector do absent himself from

Duty, under Pretence of going to Dinner, or otherwise, during the Time appointed for his Attendance at the Gate, by Day or Night, but that every Collector do take Care to provide himself with all Necessaries of which he may be in Want during the Time of his Continuance on Duty.

31 That Two Collectors constantly attend,

and appear on Duty at Hyde Park and singlon Gates, by Night as well as by Day; and that in same of any Neglect herein, such Collector, who shall absent himself in the Night Season, shall be forthwith discharged; and that this Order be fixed up in each of the said Turnpike Htfufes, and that the Supervisor do take especial Care that the above Order be duly observed.

15 That the Boxes in which the Tickets are

sent to Hyde Park Gate be, by the Collectors on Duty there, who shall receive the same, sent to the respective Collectors at the several Gates, who are hereby ordered to return the empty Boxes to Hyde Park Gatei and the Collectors there are required to take a Receipt from the Printer’s

Vet. 29.

Vol. IV.

Page. Sec.

66

141

167

323 16

345 10

Messenger for all such Boxes as the}' shall return to him, specifying the several Gates to which the said Boxes did belong.

That the Number of the Supernumerary Collectors do not, for the future, exceed Twenty-four Persons; and that such Gentlemen of this Trust, who have a Right to nominate new Trustees, shall be intitled to appoint a Supernumerary upon a Vacancy, in the Order, and according to the Precedency in which each shall (land on the Alphabetical List of Trustees for the Time being, intituled to such Nominations, and not otherwise; and that each Supernumerary, who shall for the future be named, do, at the Time of such Nomination, or at the next Board, appear at the Board, and, if approved, his Deputation shall be immediately made out.

That no Person who shall be discharged for a Breach of Trust from the Service of this Trust, shall be admitted into any Employment under it for the future.

That if any Collector, for the future, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, absent himself from his Duty at the Gate, where stationed, either by Day or Night, without proper Leave, that he be suspended immediately, and reported at the next Board; and in case of Leave, not till the Person who is to succeed attends.

That if any such Neglect shall happen at a Gate where there are Two Collectors stationed, the Collector not absenting himself do forthwith acquaint the proper Officer, by Notice under* his Hand, therewith; and whether any, and which Supernumerary attends; and where there is but One Collector stationed at a Time, that the other Collector shall fend such Notice as soon as such Absence shall come to his Knowledge.

That the Supernumerary who shall, unauthor i fed, do Duty for such absent Collector, be, for such Offence, struck out of his proper Place in the Supernumerary Lift, and put Two Turns or Removes lower thereon, and from that Day lose his Rank accordingly; but if he be the last Supernumerary, or the lad but one, that he be then struck off the said Lift.

That a List of the Supernumerary Collectors be stuck up at all the Turnpike Houses, and be continued and filled up, from Time to Time, with the Names of such new ones as may be hereafter appointed.

Resolved, That in case any Supernumerary Collector shall be called upon Duty in Turn, and refuse to come, without a reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the next Board, that he be put by the Supervisor at the Bottom of the Supernumerary Lift; and that when the Supervisor calls such a Supernumerary on Duty, he shall acquaint him with-this Resolution, and that a Copy hereof be forthwith fixed up in the Turnpike Houses.

Ordered, That the Collector, or Col. lectors, who lays before the Board any ill Usage he has received, when on Duty, or is complained of for ill Conduct, doattend the succeeding Board, if both Parties are not present when such Complaints are made 8 B and

Highways Application of Money*

v-

A: i*iT[:ui

ct Money*

650

Vol. IV.

?«.. Sjc.

431 8

i9‘

Vol. V.

39 16

I36 20

Vol. I. Page Sec. 13 3

Vol. IV \z 1

*7*

Vol. I.

214

and until the said Board do come to some Kdblution thereon.

Ordered, That if any Collector shall, for the future, fend for a Supernumerary, without an Order in Writing from the Supervisor, or a verbal Messagefrom him by the Messenger of this Trust, or by some established Collector, (except in extraordinary Cafes of Illness or Accident) he shall be discharged from the Service of thisTrust.

That the Collectors attending the Weighing Engine, do not, for the future, upon any Account, or under any Pretence whatsoever, suffer any Waggon or Carriage to pass, whether belonging to any'Trustee, or any other Person, without first levying the Penalty appointed by Law, in same the same be over Weight.

That the present Supernumeraries, and others, who shall be admitted as such, inform the Secretary, of their Places of Abode, and their several Removes, from lime to Time, and that the Secretary do acquaint them with this Handing Order of the Board and that in case of their Neglect herein, they shall be struck out of the Lid.

That no Application that may be made for the Damages sustained by any Collector in the Service of thisTruft, for the future, be received, unless made the next Board Day after such Damages happened.

Committees.

Ordered, That in any Committee hereafter to be appointed, all Trustees that think fit to attend, have Voices.

That, upon a View or Notice of any Encroachment, or Annoyance, that may happen upon the Road during the Times of the Adjournment of this Trust, That the Secretary or Surveyor do apply to the Chairman of the last preceding General Meeting for his Directions thereupon, and in case of the Absence of such Chairman, that he, or they, do immediately cause to be summoned Twelve of the Trustees, residing near the Place where such Encroachment or Annoyance shall happen; which said Trustees (whereof Three to be a Quorum) are desired to meet, and view the fame, and are hereby impowered to give such Orders thereupon for remedying and removing the fame, as shall appear to be immediately necessary; and that they do report their Proceedings to the next Board.

That the Reports of the private Committees, to this Board, be entered in a Book by the Secretary, SCc. See Sect. P. 58, from P. 171. Min. Vol. 4th.

Bills of Credit.

Ordered, That in paying off the Bills of Credit a Receipt be taken on the Back of them, and that they be produced at the next Meeting, and cancelled brr the Hands of the Chairman.

That the Clerk write to the several Proprietors of Bills of Credit to be paid off, to acquaint them with the Time and Place of Payment, and the Numbers ordered to be paid off.

Vol. IV.

Page. Sec.

9

IO

xo

A. 1763.

Trustees to be nominated.

That all Vacancies of Trustees shall be filled up by such Persons as shall be nominated by the Trustees next in Turn on the Alphabetical List; and that no new Alphabetical List be made till all the Trustees whose Names are therein specified, have had their Turn of proposing or nominating a ngw Trustee, for the Approbation of the Board; and that every Trustee be proposed at One Board, and ballotted for at the Board following.

That no Trustee shall have a Right to propose a new Trustee, to fill up any Vacancy, although his Name flia.ll stand inserted in the Alphabetical List, unless such Trustee shall have attended some General Meeting of the Board, within the Space of One Year preceding such Vacancy.

That in case any Trustee, whose Turn it shall be, according to the Alphabetical List, to nominate a new Trustee upon any Vacancy, shall neglect to make such Nomination at the First or Second General Meeting of the Board, after Notice given him for that Purpose, such Trustee shall forfeit his Right of Nomination for that Turn, which shall go over to the next Trustee upon the Lift.

That the Secretary do give Notice at every General Meeting of such Vacancies in this Trust as shall happen to come to his Knowledge, in order to his receiving the Di-regions of the Board about notifying the fame.

That, notwithstanding the foregoing Ke-solutions. Two Vacancies be always kept open, and left to be supplied by the General Board of Trustees.

Treasurer, Secretary, Supervisor, and Surveyor. Vol. II.

25 That the Treasurer’s Accounts be an-

nually passed in the Month of July, and that the Secretary do put the Board in mind of this Resolution the preceding Meeting, that a Committee be appointed for the above Purposes, and produce the Treasurer’s Receipts when the Accounts is audited.

That the Surveyors annual Estimates, also all Papers referred to in the Reports, and such other Papers of his as are necessary to explain them, be entered in the Books with his Reports.

That all Warrants be printed.

Mr. Stagg, Stationer.

That the Surveyor do, at every Meeting of the Trustees, deliver in all Bills which may have grown due for Carters Work to that Time.

That the Supervisor do, from Time to Time, report to the Board the Difference (if any) which may appear between the Treasurer’s monthly Account, delivered at the preceding Board, and the Receipts by him taken frorn the several Colleaors.

An Account being laid before the Board by the Supervisor, at the Desire of several Trustees, of the daily Receipts of each CoUeaor for the Month of last, by which it also appeared what each Turnpike

iO

89 19

Vol. Hi.

166

57 6

76

84

fame gave Satisfaction to the Board

It was thereupon ordered, That an count, kept in the same Method, be pro

an Ac-

duced

GOOgL

3 Geo. III.

190 Aprilis.

Vol. III.

Page. Sec.

*47

«3i

249

Vol. IV.

7

14*

125

167

171

‘95

359

368 12

4i5 13

duced at every monthly Meeting of this Board, and entered in his Book of Reports.

That the Supervisor and Surveyor do, from Time to Time, (during the Intervals of Boards) inform the Chairman or Treasurer of all material Occurrences that may happen.

That the Supervisor be discharged from that Tart of his Duty which related to the checking the Treasurer’s Accounts, and that it be added to the Business of Secretary.

That the Treasurer be (according to his own Desire) discharged of the Care and Trouble of appointingSupernumerary Collectors to come on Duty at the Gates, during the Indisposition or other occasional Absence of any fiationed Collector, and that it become Part of the Supervisor’s Duty to take Care thereof.

That the Reports from the Surveyor and Supervisor beconstantly called for, and read at the Monthly, or other General Meeting of the Board.

__________

A Motion was made, That upon any

Vacancy that may happen, by the Death or Removal of any Officer under this Trust, such Office be not filled up on the First Notice of such Vacancy, but that a Successor or Successors be proposed at one Meeting, in order to be chosen at the next:

And the Question being put thereupon, it was carried in the Affirmative Con.

ReJ'olved, And it is hereby made a (landing Order, That the Supervisor belonging to this Trust do, at every Meeting for the future, lay before the Board an exact Account of every Week’s Receipts at the Toll Gates.

Supervisors Duty in several Instances. See Col. P. ig.

That the Reports of the several private Committees to this Board, in Custody of the Secretary, from the Commencement of the last Act of Parliament, be entered in a Book, with an Index to the fame, and continued by the Secretary, without any additional Allowance; and that this Book be always produced at every Board of Trustees.

That the Secretaryxdo deliver in his Bill of Disbursements, for the future, at the Tirfl; Board in April every Year.

Ordered, That the Surveyor be, from Time to Time, for the future, impowered, upon View of any immediate Danger occasioned by Accidents, Decays, or Defects on the Roads under the Care of this Trust, forthwith to amend and secure the said Roads, and report what he ilia.ll have so done to the next Board.

That the Surveyor do particularly take Care of the great Western Road, and cause the Water to be let off immediately after the Rains, and also from the Road near Hyde Park Corner.

That the Surveyor do, at every General Meeting of the Traftees, for the future, lay his Account of all Monies, from Time to Time received and paid by him, as Surveyor or otherwise, for the Use of this Trust, before the Board, as has been usually done by the Treasurer.

Vox.. 29.

Vol. IV.

Page. Sec.

436 37

Vol. V.

5 20

21

38 *3

101 19

119 36

9

68 20

247 20

31 11

Vol. I.

99 6

Vol. III.

337 3

651

HigWavs;

Application

Order for all Officers in general. ol Mone^'

Ordered, That, for the future, all the Officers employed by thisTruft follow such Directions only as they shall from Time to Time receive, either from the Board or Committees, or from such Pei Conor Pei fons as the Trustees act’embled at their public Meetings shall think proper to delegate their Power to, and not from any single Trustee acting in his own private Capacity.

That the Surveyor do, for the future, measure all the Brick Drains made in the Road, and reduce them to Rod Measure when he reports them to the Board.

That all Pods which shall be set up on the Road for the future, be painted White from the Top downwards Twelve Inches.

Ordered, That all Warrants and Appointments of new Trustees be signed at the Board, when a competent Number of Trustees shall be present.

That no Gratuities, or Alteration of Salary, to any Officers or Servants of this Trust, be made for the Time to come, without the C’onsideration of Two Boards.

Upon a Motion made,

ReJ'olved, That, upon the Death or Removal of any Officers of this Trust, the Salary of the succeeding Officer or Officers shall not be fixed, without the Approbation of Two Boards.

Ordered, That there be laid before the Board in every Month of Decembers dif-tinct Account of the Collection of each Collector, during the preceding Year, in order to reward the said Collectors, in Proportion to their Diligence and Fidelity in the Discharge of their Duty:.

That the Secretary keep and carry on a correct Lift of the Trustees of this Trust for their Inspection:

That, for the (liture, dll Complaints to be laid before the Board by the Collectors, and other Officers of this Trust, be reduced into Writing, with the Times when they respectively happened, and other material Circumstances relating thereto.

Resolved, That no new, or additional Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, for the for ture, be chosen into that Office by this Trust, until he or they shall be first proposed to this Board, and a Month’s Notice given in some of the Public Papers Three times, of the Time and Place v\ hen and where they will proceed to such Election.

Contracts, Plans, Estimates, Sic.

That it be a Standing Order of this Board, That all Contrafts made with this Commission be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Persons contracting.

That an Admeasurement and Estimate of all Works to be done by the Paviour,

Carpenter, Bricklayer, and otherTradef-men employed by this Hoard, be delivered in and ligned by the Surveyor to the Trust, which shall be deposited with the Secretary; that the several Bills, when brought in, may be compared and regulated

A-1763.

Highways; Vol. III.

Application p Sec. of Money.

123

160 4

D* D*

212

395 18

Vol. I.

%12 I

19° Jprilis.

lated, pursuant and agreeable to the said Estimate.

That the Surveyor do, for the future, examine all Bricks that shall be sent in for the life of this Trull; and, in case he shall find any bad or unfit for Service, that he do not permit them to he used, 3. but procure others in their dead; anti if any Loss, Charge, or Damage should happen thereby, that the same be made good by the Bricklayer employed.

That, in all Bills to be delivered by the Carpenter, for the future, the new Work that will admit of Measurement be charged as Contract Work, by the Cubic Foot, at the Prices usually allowed by 4. this Board; and that all other Work that will not admit of Measurement be charged distinct, under the Head of Extra, in order to be separately considered by the Board.

That the Scantlings, as well as the Cube of Timber in the Carpenter’s Bill, be always inserted for the future.

That Hodds of Mortar shall not be charged in the Bricklayer’s Bill for the future, when the Jobb shall exceed Twenty Hodds in Number, but the Lime and Sand only which shall be used in the Work.

Workmen and their Bills.

Ordered, That, for the future, all Workmen’s Bills be laid before the Board every Quarter by the Surveyor, for the Materials furnished, and Work done by each of them respectively.

That no Bills be paid, for the future, by any Officer under this Trust, notwithstanding any former Usage or Custom to the contrary, before they are inspected by the Board; and that all Workmen’s Bills upon this Trust be brought in quarterly, and laid before the Board, and not paid till the Board following, to the End there may be Time for their being duly inspected and examined.

Vol. I. P.ige. 8ec.

Vol. III.

273 3

274

280

Vol. IV.

115 5

29

VoL VI. 38 4

Vol. IV.

264

the Soil that shall be taken out of the main Road, and not otherwise.

That, for the future, all Gravel for the L’fe of this Trust be screened for Ballad, with Wire Screens above Half an Inch wide.

That no Materials, under Pretence of removing Dull or Sand, be carried off the Roads without the Knowledge and Leave of the Surveyor.

That a Pattern Sieve'be prepared by the Surveyor, by which all future Sieves (half be made for lifting Ballad for the Use of the Trust.

That no Gravel be laid on the narrow Roads which will not admit of the Passage of Two Carriages, till the latter End of the Year.

Boards Orders, &c. about Tickets.

Ordered, That, in case of any future Applications from Parishes^ or others, to annex any other Turnpikes or Roads to those now under the Care of this Trust, this Board will not come to any Determination therein till the same has been considered at Two succeeding Boards; and that there shall be at lead a Week’s Notice given, in the Public Newspapers, of the first Meeting, setting forth the special Occasion thereof.

That, for the future, every Trustee do pay, on his coming into the Board Room* Two Shillings and Sixpence, towards defraying the Expence of that Day.

That the Collectors give particular Tickets for every Afs that shall Gate for the future.

That a proper Number of Tickets be written, or printed, with the Word (Actes) thereon, and the Names of those who keep Asses, and daily pay for Passage, be written, or printed, on them, for the Twelve Months in the Year.

Gravel or Ballad, and Repairs of the Road.

finis.

That all Footways to be repaired within the Limits of this Trail, be repaired with

abstract

ABSTRACT of the Receipts and Payments of the Trustees of MaryboneTurnpike, for the Old Road, from 1752 to Chr if mas

g

eg'

N'

CD

CL

cr

VC

o

o

?r

<5

o

t*

VO

tn

H

H

ft

o

w

o

RECEIPTS. MUsummer 1752, to Midsummer 1753. To MiJsummer 1754- Half Year to Christmas 1754- To Chrijhnas 2755- 1 OLD 756 ROAD 1757 I 758 1759 I 760 1 761

Balance of the last Account £ s-488 16 rf. 7! 18

Toll 1010 IO 6 1021 15 O 551 11 11 1043 13 o 932 *7 9 754 *9 6 910 6 5* io73 10 1111 18 2l 1271 I 8

Compositions - 229 10 0 3°7 10 0 40 0 0 192 16 6 363 0 0 325 x9 0 200 12 0 *99 10 0 230 0 0 323 10 0

Rates for Oxford. Street - 129 16 6 132 19 6 55 14 6 122 6 6 129 0 0 141 4 6 i34 14 0 *52 19 6 132 4 6 153 *5 0

Additional Duty for over Weight - m - - - 66 0 0 74 12 6 25 0 0 48 12 0 7 0 0 - - 10 0 0 18 0 0

Contingencies - 3 3 0

1864 13 7 1462 4 6 713 6 5 1433 8 6 M49 J7 9 1270 *5 O 1252 12 5* 1426 8 4 1484 2 8{ 1769 9 8

PAYMENTS. Repairs of Oxford Street, SCc. - 142 s. 14 d. 0 73 6 9 33 II 9 138 O O 92 14 6 124 *3 I 50 12 6 236 12 0 96 9 6 100 0 0

Repairs of the Gravel Road 821 8 0 343 11 2 380 I 0 577 l8 4 406 12 6 447 5 O 721 5 10 740 I 9 757 (i 11 3 i332 12 O

Poundage of the Rates collected 9 13 6 9 18 0 4 2 6 1 9 3 0 9 *3 6 10 11 6 6 *4 0 1 l3 0 12 0 7 *3 O*

Salaries, &c. - 104 2 0 lie,2 0 65 I I 0 131 2 0 *47 10 4 160 12 0 162 2 0 169 6 0 178 O 0 203 18 6

Other Incidents - 46 3 iif 48 13 7 24 I 2i 44 3 11J 130 13 11 94 10 42 0 6 s9 0 32 20 O 6 35 *5 2

Interest paid, including Interest of Bills exchanged 213 11 1 221 13 0 101 *3 1 160 10 10 154 4 9 158 5 0 280 *5 0 150 0 0 i83 10 0 192 0 0

Bills paid off, with Interest 4/0 »7 5 956 3 3 614 9 4 706 10 2 30a *7 7 100 1 9 - - - - 202 13 5a lOO 0 9

Charge of erecting the Weighing Engine . l8l 8 1

*995 18 Oi[ 00 9 1223 9 ioi 1767 8 31* 1244 7 I 1095 >9 1263 9 10 1392 13 Of M44 16 8^ x972 l9 51

Vo

o

Os

Cn

o >sc

iif

o o S V

y o'*

3

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

STATE of the Account of the Trustees of Maty bone Turnpike, for the New Road, from

1756 to Clir

1761.

ON

190 Aprilis

3 Geo.

i y x.»

6 55

TURNPIKE ROADS from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbcurnc Bridge, See.

Part of Debt paid off; viz.

From Mid ft t miner 1752 to Midsummer 1753 - - - 4.70 o o

Frm Mirf.nmner 1753 to Midsummer 1754 - 947 o o

From Mid; 'miner 1754 to Christmas 1754 - -- Coo o o

Fi Cinijhuas 1755 ----- - 700 o o

To IF 17^6 - 300 o o

To D° 17-77 - - 100 o o

1758 ....

*759 -----....

1760 - ----- - 200 O O

1761 - -- - - - - IOO O O

3,417 O O

Remaining unpaid ----- 3,800 0 o

Highways; Application of Money.

£. 7,217 o o " ' 1

It appearing by the above Account that there was, in 1753, and following Years, Debt paid off to the Amount of.....£.3,417,- — and

There still remaining unpaid the Sum of - 3,800, — the

Debt in 1752 mull have been - - £ 72I7

Vol. 29.

HACKNEY.

6$6

190 Aprilis

A. 1763

Highway*;

Application of Money.

Dr. ‘ '

YEARLY REVENUE. Toll 935 s. *3 d. 6*

Shoreditch Composition - - - 20 0 0

Bethnal Green Composition - - - - 40 0 0

Deficiencies in Statute Work - - - 8 8 0

*753 Toll - 92° 3 8*

Shoreditch Composition - - - 20 0 0

Jit*/finalGreen Composition - - - - 40 0 0

Deficiencies in Statute Work - - I I *4 0

D® Mr. Grosvenor - - - O *5 0

*754 Tell 93° I I 8

Shoreditch Composition f - 20 0 0

Bethnal Green I)*, 2 Years - - - - 80 0 0

Bad Money fold - - - - 0 I 6

Abated in the Printer’s Bill - - - - 0 O 3

Deficiencies in Statute Work - 0 7 6

*755 Toll - - - - 98* 9 4i

Shoreditch Composition - - - 20 0 0

*756 ToH - - - - 1144 16 8

Shoreditch Composition - 2° 0 0

Bethnal Green D® - - - - 40 0 0

Barratt, in lieu of Statute Work - 3 0 0

Borrowed - - - - m - - 3°° 0 0

*757 Toll - 958 *9 0

Toll Book undercaft - - - O 19 9

Error, 19th October, 17 56 - . - - O 0 6

Borrowed - - r - 400 0 0

Bethnal Green Composition - - - 40 0 0

Shoreditch D® - 20 0 0

Old Turnpike House fold - - - 5 5 0

*758 Toll - - - - *°34 12 8

Shoreditch Composition - - 20 0 0

Bethnal Green D® m - -; 40 0 0

Error, 21st May 1757 - - 0 10 0

*759 loll - - - 1120 8 8

Shoreditch Composition - - - 20 0 0

Bethnal Green D® - - - 40 0 0

Conviction of Mitchell - - - - 1 0 0

1760 Toll - - - IIO4 18 9

Shoreditch Composition - - to 0 0

Bethnal Green D* - - - 37 0 0

Sundries overcharged - - - - 2 9 0

1761 Toll m* - 1148 12 3

Repairing a Lamp - - 0 3 6

Error, 26th July 1760 - - - 0 4 0

D°, 1 ith D* - - - 4 1 6

D% 1 oth October 1760 - - - 0 5 0

Bethnal Green Composition - 33 0 0

£ s.

d.

1004 1

992 12 8£

1037 *9 5

1001 9 4I

1507 16 8

*4^5 4 3

1095 2 8

ji8i 8 8

1164 7 9

1186 6 3

N B. The Debt of the Trust to the Bond Creditors at 1751 was £.

The Length of the Road is about Five Miles and an Half.

1

HACKNEY

CASH BORROWED.

£' * d.

1 300 o o

400 o o

,000. os. o

3 Geo. Ill

EI

va

) 0

) 0

iqf j4prilis.

TURNPIKE

Cr.

4\ppl^a ion

ofZtflPX,'

*W* ByC,(hpsid(^o;4o»Pj

1753 ByQ*

N. R. This Year the Trustees

applied to Parliament, and obtained an Act to enlarge the Term of the former Act, apd to enable thfm to purchase Lands to alter thq Roads.

1754 By p° -

*755 ByD*- -

This Year the Road wag altered, and a new Road ipade over

and the Trustees applied tp Parliament, and obtained farther Powers to purelmfe and also to watch and light the Road.

*756 By D* - -

ThisY ear the Application toParliament wag continued, and the Trustees begun to watch and light the Road.

*757 b7 P* -

ThisYearthe lighting the

Road was finished, and the

Residue of the Expence

thereof, and of the last

Application to Parliament,

paid; and the Road hath

been watched and lighted

-ever finpe.

1758 By D° -

1759 By D# -

1760 By D° - -

1761 By D® -

Salaries.

£. s. d 100 o o

100 o o

£, d.

40 o o

36 3

top 0 P too o o

IOO p p

Inteqeft.

16 P p 16 P P

12 O P

100 .0 o 36 g o

IOO o o IOO o o IOO o o IOO o o

Principal ppid off.

Ordinary

Expenses.

£. s. d. 1 £. s. d. 300 o o 552 18 8|

3DO 0 o 683 16, I

IOO o p

6?5 16

9H *4

661 4

184

15 o o 65 6 5

19 15 iq

300 0 o

200 of O

892 15 3

Extraordinary Exp.

£ . d.

5 4. a

15° 8 0

649 15 8

295 2 9

682 12 oj

792 2 5 858 7 .10

853 8

21 17 3

15 o o

total.

£. s. ({. 992 18 8£

I>4°5 4 3

791 16 1

1,2^0 14 5

i>523 4i

t»^4 7

P° 5 17 7k p°7 2 5 *f38 H 3 V73 4 9k

N, B. In the the above Account, ^he Annual Statute Work by Teams, allotted by ,the Justices to be done by the Pardfli of flackney, being about 160 Days Work each Year, is not included either in the Dr. ox Cr.

The Debt Off the Trust at present is, pa near as ean be calculated, 4s follows; to wit

£. s. d.

To the Bopd Creditors - - 500 o o

Bills, Sc. about £.600. of od. or 700 9 o

Vpl. ^9.

*D

The

-j

o

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

The Truces of Stamford Hill Tafppike, to the Questions propounded to them by the Committee of the honourable House of Commons, which are hereafter set forth, beg Leave

t to return the following Answers: -

Os

Cn

OO

QUESTIONS, i. What was the Debt at Ckrijhnas 1751 ? 1 , ANSWERS. 1. £. 3,300, to sundry Persons upon Bonds, with an Asignment of the Tolls for a Security; £. 2,600, being an old Debt, and £. 700 Remainder thereof, being borrowed , in the Year 1749.

2. What has been the Yearly Revenue, since that Time ? a. See the General Account herewith delivered.

3. Aikl how the same arose ? 3. See Account of Particulars herewith delivered.

4. What have been the Ordinary Expences in each Year, since that Time ? 4. See General Account.

. What the Extraordinary ? - 5-

What Salaries ? 6. See General Account.

7. What is the present Debt ? 7. The same as at Christmas 1751.

8. What the Extent of the Roads ? 8. From Shoreditch Church to Cheshunt, 1 ( Miles; and from Edmonton Watch-house to Enfield Town, 3 Miles.

-9. What Money borrowed, and when ? t 9. None since the Year 1749: Sec ift Answer,

10. What Interest paid, and when ? ’ - 1 10. See the General Account.

n. What Principal (if any) paid off, and when ? 11. None

\ 1 2. Alphabetical List of Trustees, with Number of Times each Commissioner has attended ? 12. Already delivered.

cs

o1 The GENERAL ACCOUNT of the Trustees of Stamford Hill Turnpike, from Lady Day 1752, to December the 31st 1762, presented to the Committee of the honourable

House of Commons, March 17, 1763.

OJ

a

w

o

YEARS. Road Expences, being Labourer* Pay, Cartage, &c. Collector* Wire*. Surveyors Salary. Incidental Expences. Interest. TOTAL. \ ft Yearly Revenue.

>75* >753 >754 ’ 1755 - - - - >756 - >757 >75» >759- 1700 1761 ----- To December 31st 1762 - ... - - - £. s. d. 1,614 >5 6 1,630 17 3 T*352 >3 9 Mi* 3 5 1*587 4 11 1,362 11 7 1,466 11 9 1*381 13 4 i»3i3 >3 2 1,570 7 6 1,225 16 5. £. s. d. 153 - ~ 159 8 — 161 0 6 159 156 *56 156 ,56 156 156 137 8 — £. s. d. 50 50 50 50 50 50 — 50 41 17 — 40 30 £ s. d. 140 IQ 4 42 19 8 22 10 — ‘ 9> 5 4 102 IQ 8 50 - 7 8 117 15 2 64 14 i 126 18 7 f 67 13 10? 1 112 ia — J £. s. d. 127 17 6 132 132 134 132 13* 13* 122 132 13* Not paid £ * d. 2,086 12 4 2,015 4 11 >*718 13 3 1,844 8 9 2,028 4 7 1 *75° 19 3 1,922 6 1 f i»784 7 6 1,770 8 9 2,078 11 4 1,508 19 5 /. rf. 1*943 7 10 1*858 27 *4 1*784.15 6 so i»954 09 1*858 13 4 k i/88o 4 7 . 1,848 97 > 1,910 8 — 1,983 18 z t-»* 2,085 17 — 1,625 0 6

D

cq'

r-h

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

so

o\

Cn

<0

s.-jj's

SSI'S-

g 2

5 s

.ft *- -w* X Oji a

66 o

19° Aprflis

A. i76j.

O

Highways 5 Application oi Money.

PARTICULARS of the Yearly Revenae, from 1752 to December 3 ill 1761.

jC* d. 1758 ToR

175* Toll - - 1,878 8 10 Forfeitures

Forfeitures by Over Weight - 37 3 Gravel

Gravel fold m 27 16 —

£ 1 >943 7 IO

*759 ToU

1753 Toll fm m - i,833 8 5 Gravel

Forfeitures . 20 —

Gravel 4 ‘4 2

1,858 2 7 1760 Toll

A Seizure for Duty

1754 Toll i>75>* *9 8 Gravel

Forfeitures - - 22 — —

Gravel - - 3 *5 10

►a 00 6 1761 Tell

Gravel

1755 Toll m 1,870 15 3

Forfeitures - - 74 i4 —

Gravel - . 8 11 6

To Deer.

£ I»954 — 9 31st

1762 ToU

*756 Toll — - 1,819 1 O

Forfeitures - - 23 12 6

Gravel - »5 *9 10

1,858 13 4

1757 Toll - 1,875 4 7

Forfeitures - 3 —

Gravel 2 —;

£. 1,880 4 7

£. 1,910 8 —

r»965 *3 — 12-----

6 5

jC" 1»9^3 18 2

1,083 13____

’ 3 4 —

£. 2,085 1J —

1,625 — 6

The Expences for filling up the hollow Way, and Pods and Railing at Kings land, widening the Road, and Polls and paling Part thereof, from Bush towards Enfield Town, (being before very narrow and dangerous) widening Bridges and other Parts of the Road, pulling down the old Turnpike at Kingsland, and erecting and building a new one, the old Turnpike having been, upon the Complaint of several Noblemen and Gentlemen, found inconvenient and datigerous for Carriages passing through the Gate into the Road leading to Lea Bridge, on Account of the Sharpness of the Turn, and not being properly situated to collect the Toll of Brick Carts and other Carriages, and Horsemeo, going on the Road towards Islington, and other Alterations and Improvements made on the Road since the Year 1751; which Expences were very great; but, having been included by the Surveyor in his weekly Accounts of the respective Divisions, the Trustees areitot able to

distinguish such extraordinary Expences from the ordinary Expences of the Roads, or ascertain the Amount thereof.

N. B. The 112/. 1 or. charged in the incidental Expences for the Year 1761, was an old Debt due to Mr.-Tyson for Gravel, for the Use of the Trull; and the 100 in 1762 was paid for the Purchase of some oufes mTottenham, in order to widen the Road, which

‘ before was very dangerous to Passengere.

Several Sums are -now due to Persons who have not brought, in their Bills for Cartage, to the Amount of about £. 220, as the Trustees apprehend, and 132 £. being One Year’s Interest ef 3,300, due at Lady Day next; and the Trustees are under a Contrail with Mr, Tyson, to pajy him 330 Pounds for the Purchase of the Black Bull Alehouse at Kingsland, in odder to widen the Road there, which at present is only 1J8 Feet oVer.

NEW

3 Geo. III.

i 9* Ap

661

NEW CROSS Turnpike, March 1763.

Highway; Ap. licasion of Money.

Particular of Mortgage Debt at Christmas 1751*

Mortgagees Names. Whe* borrowed. Sums borrowed. When paid off. Sums paid off*

William Jufon - 22nd April 1719 -23d D° - - 25th October 1746 - 25th yane 1748 369 3°° 1,000 j 331 1 February 1761 v7/)/'/7 1761 400 August 1761 600 October 1762 June 1757 jC-

- 2, OCO - 2,0000

Bartholomeio Wood 8th August 1747 3d >/y 1730 3d February 1750 -6th April ij53 f T ,000 t I, OCO - 200 1,000 3/ay 1761 i 3/ay 1761 j 1,200

c 0 CO

John Buxton Elizabeth Hyde Mary Hackett - - 30th y«/v 1748 1 ft July 1749 3d 7^3/1749 OOOO COO LT.^O cl 1759 500

- 3.703

6,500

Present Debt 1763. Bartholomew Wood Elizabeth Hyde - . -Mary Hackett -37/Hyde -William Conte George RuffeU - May 1732 4th 1761 4th 37ay 1761 £ 2,000 C 600 4 200 700 f 5°° C 5°° Interest paid up to Christmas 1762 81 h October 1761 14th February 1762 28th October 1761 4th May 1762

4,500 n7 Interest n

£ 4.617 i Betides several uut-nanaing the Sums not known.

Rates of Interest, and when paid.

1746

1747

*75°

1736

1761

at 4 per Cent. 4l 3i

4

5

Has been generally paid half yearly, or yearly.

Vol. 29.

8 E

Yearly

Highways; application of Money.

19° Jprilis

A. 1763.

66t

Yearly Revenue at and since Christmas 1751, and how the same arose.

The Revenue arose from Farming of the Tolls to the several Persons at the Times, and for the several Yearly

Sums hereunder mentioned; viz.

Farmers Names. When Let. Yearly Sum.

James Gojling - - June 1751 1,926 From 1751, to 1754

Peter Copeland, and - - -John Summer fell ----- June 1754 2,110 *754. to 1755

Thomas Marry ----- June 1754 2,107 175S. to 1758

John Oldmeadow ----- June 1738 2,220 1758, to 1761

D* June 1761 2.311 Present Toll.

The Extent of the Roads; viz.

Miles, Furlongs

From Stones End, Kent Street, to Dartford -----14 o

Bermoudfey, Stone End, to Saint Thomas's Watering ----- o 6

New Cross, to the End of Lewi/ham, next Bromley ----- - 5 t

Mill Pond, at South End, to the End of Lewi/ham, next Beckenham o 6

Limekilns, to Lewi/ham Bridge ----- - o 6

Salaries.

Clerk, per Ann.

I-

5°

" For which he attends all General Meetings, and Three Committees; s. d. Two of which are 3 or Miles distant, and often meet Twice or o o \ Three Times in a Month; keeps the Accounts of the General Meetings, and of the Committees; and does all the other Business of the . Trust.

Sunreyor

2 -

5 None.

This Office being discharged within the Limits of each Committee by the Foreman of the Labourers, who receives an Advance of about 3-r, per Week more than the common Labourers.

Expences

3 Geo. Ill

19° Jprilis,

Highway*; Application of Money.

663

Expences Cnee CiriJImas 1751; diCi'ngnishing each Yearj e,i.

Ordinary. Extra.

FortheYear ... - 1752 *. rf. 2’3*9 7 5 £ s. d. 779 3

1753 1,961 11 7 128 1 6

1754 1,732 18 6 54 1 7

1755 2,050 18 4 81 9 3

1,784 310 I08 5 —

1757 2,07818 4 91 12 6

x758 1,804 5 4 95

1759 1,94° 9 2 58 16 6

*760 1,645 8 1 230 2 6

1761 1,510 8 8 85 7 6

1762’ 1,624 5 6 86 5-

£ 20,452 14 9 1»798 J3 4

ACCOUNT of Mortgagees on the Nero Cro/s Turnpike.

Mortgagees Names. When Lent. Sums.

Bartholomew Wood D* - - - - Elizabeth Hyde Mary IIa eke tt John Hyde -William Coote George RuJJel 8th August 1747 6th April 1753 4 th 1749 3lft >/$/ 1749 30U1 A/dy 1752 2d A/dy 1761 2d A/dy 1761 £ 1 , OQO 1,000 600 200 700 5°0 5°o

if- Oi O 0

ACCOUNT of the Tolls of the New Cross Turnpike.

When Let. For what Sum. For what Term. To whom.

>72(T 27th 1761 -July ift 1758 June 28th 1755 - June 29th 1754 - 29th 1751 - ii» 1 1 1s 1 1 111 11 1 1 t 111 1 1 iii 1 1 tit 1 £- -2,311 2,220 2,107 2,110 1,926 , 1 . 3 Years. { I JW/d Oldmeadozo. JW/d Old meadow. Thomas Murry. Peter Copeland. Bichd. Summer/til. James Gojling.

SURREY

VOL. 29.

664

19° Slpi

Highways; -Application of Money.

SURREY NEW ROADS.

1765.

What the Debt in 1751

What has been the yearly Revenue since that Time

What has been the ordinary Expence in each Year since that Time

What the extraordinary

In this Year the Act passed for making these Roads.

What the Salaries ? What is the present Debt?

What is the Extent of the Road

What Money borrowed, and when

What Interest paid, and when?

What Principal has been paid off, and when?

- - x24 *9

,75i - 578 5

*753 845 1

17 54 - ss5 *5

*755 - 1,°14 5

*75^ - x»245 3

*757 - *,143 *9

*753 - 1,097 11

Let on I.case

17 59 1700 1761 1761

- 1,000

- 1,104

- 1.000

- 1,000

*5*

si

6k

r

D ’£ 6

’ 4*

___&

a

f> 5 6 4 a

ix —

IX -

Clwir. Ditto. /w*r W cighing Engine.

Ordinary

and Extraordinary Expence*.

1

Purchase of Lands, Sic.and making the Ronds.

1751 - ‘ H.,074 IO 2|

*753 - - - - i,3oG 1 2 *, W4 7 5

*754 - - - - 970 11 5 — —

17 55 ~ - - - - 959 9 1<J '95 l3 4

1750 - 1,047 13 ti

1757 ' - - - 1,408 7 7

1773 - - - 1,124 16 6

*759 " - - - - 1,054 2

1760 - - — - 1,041 12 5

17 61 - - - 877 9 1

1702 -

i,2t>2 16 10

The Cle rk and Surveyor

About Five Miles.

Boro wed--- at Michaelmas 1751

C 1751 M 1751 Michaelmas 1753

per Ann. - - £. (So-----

13>5°°

.000

o>’

5.000 -

2.000 -

1,50°-----

The Interest has been constantly half yearly, and is paid in full to Michaelmas

1762.

None.

The

3 Geo. III. 190

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus -Jim, Gentleman U/her of the Black Rpd:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal The King commands this honourable House to attend

A'sent His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers, to Buis. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-first and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with

An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures} and for the Prevention of theclandefiine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk " 'Works

An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns, which are Counties oftht*mlelve9, so far as relates to the Right of voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

An Act for permitting the Importation from Ireland, of ftaie and dirty Butter, not fit for eating; commonly called Grease Butter:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminfer, the Parishes of Giles in the

Fields, Saint George thcMarty

that Part of the Parish of Andrew's, Hulbourn,

which lies in the County of the several Li-

berties of the Rolls and Savoy; and that Part of the Duchy of Lancuster which lies in the County of dlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish ol Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, for cleansing and lighting the Sqnares, Streets, Lanes, Alievs, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberties of the Tower of London, or City of London; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church:

An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Wareham, in the County of and for determining Differences, touching Houses and Buildings, burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there; and for preventing future Danger by Fire:

An Act for lighting the Streets and other Places, and maintaining a regular and nightly Watch within the Town, and County of the Town of Nexvcafle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen, within the same:

An Act for the better Paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in the Town of Gofporl, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term apd Vol, 29.

- Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the koval

Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, for tQ

repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road from Ctijf 'e Bank to Snape Marsh, in the Village of t, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford:

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highway from Whitechapel Church to Stratford; and for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Moor, or Waile Ground, within the Hamlet of Winfer, in the Parish of Yoitlgreave, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Grounds within the Parish of Glentham, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Trustees for Annuitants on Lives, William Lock, Esquire, his Grace Edward Duke of Norfolk and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadzcick, Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove, Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authoring and directing the Court of Session in Scotland to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of -

mure, Southefk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as w'ere leased to Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, and Alexander Garden Esquire.

An Act to discharge certain Manors and Lands in the County of Bedford, the Estates of the Most Noble George Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements created and entered into by the said Duke, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother of the said Duke, and his issue, in lirift Settlement, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying and carrying into Execution certain other Trusts and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Lincoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and his issue, in like strict Settlement; and for other Purposes:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to Trustees, in Trust for Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to the Uses, Limitations, and Provisions mentioned in the said Will, and to Two Annuities, payable to Rose Dupleffis;and also to certain Sums, payable to Robert Knight, and to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William B,and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for authoring the Executors of John Hope to assign to Trustees Twenty Thousand Pounds of the Stock or Capital therein mentioned, Part of the Mar-riagePortion of Jane the Wife of John Paterson, 1 squire, to be employed in Manner, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament, ,$

without expressing My Thanks for the signal Zeal and Speech.8

8 F Dispatch

Parliament

prorogued.

666 \fAprilis — ifjunii — 6°SeptemiiaOBobris.A.i-]6T).

Di(patch which you have manifested in your Proceed ings, and which make it minecessary for Vie to continue it any longer.

I informed you, at your first Meeting, that Preliminary Articles were signed by My Minister, and those of France and Spain.I ordered them to be laid beforeyou; and the Satisfaction which I felt at the approaching He* establishment of Peace, upon Conditions so honourable to My Crown, and so beneficial to My People, was 'highly increased by My receiving from both Houses of Parliament the strongest and most grateful Expressions of their intire Approbation: These Articles have been established, and even rendered still more advantageous to My Subjects, by the Definitive Treaty; and My Expectations have been fully answered by the happy Effects which the several Allies of My Crown have derived from this salutary Measure: The Powers at War with My good Brother the King of have been

induced to agree to such Terms of Accomodation, as that great Prince has approved; and the Success which has attended My Negotiation has necessarily, and immediately, difi'uled the Blessmgs of Peace through every Part of Europe.

I acquainted you with My firm Resolution to form Mv Government on a Plan of ftrid (Economy: The Reductions necessary for this Purpose shall be completed with ail possible Expedition; and although the Army, maintained in these Kingdoms, will be inferior in Number to that usually kept, up in former Times of Peace, yet Itrufi that the Force proposed, with the Establish-roent of the national Militia, (whose Services I have experienced, and cannot too much commend) will prove a sufficient Security for the future.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have seen, with the highest Concern, the great Anticipations of the Revenue, and the heavy Debts unprovided for, during the late War, which have reduced you to the unhappy Necessity of imposing further Burthens upon My People: Under these Circumstances it is My earnest Willi to contribute, by every Means, to their Relief: The utmost Frugality shall be observed in the Disposition of the Supplies which you have granted; and when the Accounts of the Money arising from the Sale of such Prizes as are vested in the Crown shall be closed, it is My Intention to direct that the Produce shall be applied to the Public Service.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Extension of the Commerce of My Subjects, the Improvement of the Advantages we have obtained, and the Increase of the Public Revenue, are the proper Works of Peace: To these important, and necessary Objects, My Attention shall be directed: I depend upon your constant Care to promote in your several Counties that Spirit of Concord, and that Obedience to Law, which is efl'ential to good Order, and to the Happiness of My faithful Subjects: It is your Part to discourage every Attempt of a contrary Tendency; it shall be mine firmly to maintain the Honour of My Crown, and to protect the Rights of My People.

After which the Lord Chancellor by His Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 23d Day of June next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 23d Day of June next.

Jovis, 2 30 die Junii;

Anno of Georgii III"* Regis, 1763.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Pro- p^; rogation; faST

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogued Quarme, Yeomau Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 6th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 6th Day of September next.

Martis, 6° die;

Anno 3* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1763.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lall Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 11 th Day of October next j and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 11th Day of October next.

Martis, ii° die;

Anno 30 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lall Pro-rogation, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the Floufe of Commons,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 15th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th Day of November next.

1763-4.

VOL. 29.

C 667 ]

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

ChndeiUne

Outlawries,

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1763 — 4.

Martts, 150 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1763.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

The House was moved, that the Journal of the House of the 21st Day of Mar 1689, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being proposed; That a Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, be read the First Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Bill" these Words, "prepared by the Clerk for opening the Session, intituled a Bill".

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question so amended, by adding at the End thereof, these Words "before the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, which John Wilkes, Esquire, has in his Place offered to make, be heard

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Vol. 29.

proposed Amendment, by inserting at the Beginning thereof, these Words " before the House will receive the Message relating to the Privileges of this House, which Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has signified that he has in Command from His Majesty to deliver to the House, and"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the said Amendment so amended be added to the Question first proposed and amended;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

o' n e*1. -v t The Lord Midleton, 7

Tellers for the^eas, \Ut.TmJ,j,lend: } m.

Tellers for the Noes, \J^f^rring‘on'} 300.

So itpaffed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, as amended, being put.

That a Bill, prepared by the Clerk for opening the Session, intituled, a Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, be read the First Time,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the Privilege; House, that he was commanded by the King to ac- Mr. Wukev quaint the House, that His Majesty having received Information that John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, was the Author of a most leditious and dangerous Libel, published since the last Session of Parliament; He had caused the said John , Esquire, to be apprehended, and secured, in order to his being tried for the same by due Course of Law: And Mr.

Wilkes having been discharged out of Custody by the Court of Common Pleas, upon Account of his Privilege as a Member of this House; and having, when called upon by the legal Process of the Court of King’s Bench, flood out, and declined to appear, and answer to an Information which has since been exhibited against him by His Majesty’s Attorney General for the same Offence:

In this Situation, His Majesty being desirous to lliew all possible Attention to the Privileges of the House of Commons, in every Instance wherein they can be supposed to be concerned; and at the same Time thinking it of the utmost Importance not to suffer the Public Justice of the Kingdom to be eluded, has chosen so direct the said Libel, and also Copies of the Examinations upon which Mr. Wilkes was apprehended and secured,

8 G to

668

150 Novembris.

A. 1763.

rs

to belaid before this House for their Consideration: And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer delivered the said Papers in at the Table.

Refolded, Nemine eontradirente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return I lis Majesty the Thanks of this I louse for His most gracious Message, rind for the tender Regard therein express'ed for the Privileges of this House; and to allure His Majesty that this House will forthwith take into their most serious Consideration, the very important Matter communicated by His Majesty’s Mefl'age.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Matter communicated by His Majesty’s Message.

And the Papers delivered by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, intituled, " The North llriton, N°. 45" — The Examination of George Kcarjley, and the Examination of Richard Balfc, were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Paper, intituled, " The Briton, N4 45," is a fade, scandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Expressions of the most unexampled Insolence and Contumely towards His Majesty, the grossest Af-periions upon both Houses of Parliament, and the most audacious Defiance of the Authority of the whole Legislature; and most manifestly tending to alienate the Affections of the People from His Majesty, to withdraw them from their Obedience to the Laws of the Realm, and to excite them to traitorous Insurrections against His Majesty’s Government;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, "and to excite them to traitorous Insurrections against His Majesty’s Government."

And the Question being put, that those Words stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 273

Tellers for the Noes jMrT

tellers for the ssoes, |sjr Baker.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Paper, intituled, "The North Briton, N* 45." is a falle, lcandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Expressions of the most unexampled Insolence and Contumely towards His Majesty, the grossest Aspersions upon both Houses of Parliament, and the most audacious Defiance of the Authority of the whole Legislature; and most manifestly tending to alienate the Affections of the People from His Majesty, to withdraw them from their Obedience to the Laws of the Realm, and to excite them to traitorous Insurrections against His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That the said Paper be burnt by the Hands -of the common Hangman.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on WedneJ'day Morning;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter communicated by His Majesty’s Message be adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

Teller, for the Ye»s,

I I I.

E!e5ting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the room of Thomas Chefcr, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant lo Eflti the Clerk of the Crown, to make put a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of William Harvey, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kwt the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fur Writ, the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Wyndham Kndtchbull Wyndham, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tavifiod the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

E lecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of Richard Neville Neville, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Pay-niafter of divers annual Bounties and Pensions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northairpta the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. EleCfing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton in the County of Northampton, in the room of Spencer Compton, Esquire, now Earl of Northampton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to HonitM the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Biirgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Iionitov, in the County of Devon, in the room of llenry Reginald Courtenay, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bridgrottr the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewa in the County of Somerset, in the room of Edward Southwell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ilT.ie his Warrant to salulh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Clevland, E'.squire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newcife the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a newr Writ for un^rT,"e the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kezvcuj in

the County of Stafford, in the room of the honourable

John Waldcgrave, now Earl Waldc called up to

the House of Peers.

\y

til

tkv

tfn

frT'h

IWi

Complaint being made to the House, by John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by the Imprisonment of his Person, the plundering of his House, the seizing of his Papers, and the serving him with a Subpoena upon an Information in the Court of

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Miibome the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Miibome Port, in the County of Somerset', in the room of Thomas Medlycolt, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock this Morning.

IV E

Sfw

'an

4GI0. III.

16° Novembris.

669

In

it \

Privilege; ilr. Wlikes.

Plymptoa

Erie

Writ.

Hnrfham

Writ.

Mercurii, 16° Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1763. Prayers.

LORD Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of \ efterday (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message, and for the tender Regard therein expressed for the Privileges of this House; and to allure His Majesty that this House will forthwith take into their moil serious Con fid ("ration, the very important Matter communicated by His Majesty* Message) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of P Erie, in the County of Devon, in the room of George Hele Trclnj, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Suffer, in the room of Charles Ingram, Esquire, now Viscount Irwin, a Peer of Great Britain.

Bishop’sCastle Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Salop, in the room of Francis Child, Esquire, deceased.

Privilege; , The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Mr. Wilkes, adjourned Consideration of the Matter communicated by His Majesty’s Message;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Matter be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for hearing, To-inorrow Morning, the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against John Esquire, a Member of

this House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard upon Monday Morning next.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended His Speech Majesty, Yesterday, in the House of Poors; where His reported. Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent MMakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Re-establishment of the pubJicTranquillity, upon Terms of Honour, and of Advantage to My Kingdoms, was the first great Object of My Reign: That faJutary Measure has received the Approbation of My Parliament; and has since been happily completed, and carried into Execution by the Definitive Treaty. It has been, and shall be, My Endeavour to insure the Continuance of the Peace, by a faithful and steady Adherence to the Conditions upon which it was concluded; and I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that the several Powers of Europe, who were engaged against Us in the late War, have given Me the Itrongeft Affu-Vol. 29.

ranees of the same good Disposition. Our principal Care ought now to be employed to improve the valuable Acquifttions which We have made, and to cultivate the Arts of Peace in such a Manner, as may most effectually contribute to extend the Commerce, and to augment the Happiness of My Kingdoms.

For these great Purposes 1 have called you together.

It will ever be My earned Willi and Endeavour to demonstrate to My People, by My Actions, the Love which I bear them; and I doubt not of receiving from them the grateful and just Returns of Duty and Affection.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the proper Estimates for the Service of the Year to be laid before you. The heavy Debts contracted in the course of the late War, for many of which no Provision is yet made, call for Our utmost Attention, and theftriCleft Frugality. I mull, however, earnestly recommend to you the Support of My Fleet, to which Our pall Succofies have been so much owing, and upon which the future Welfare and Importance of Great Britain do most essentially depend. To ease My People of some Part of these Burthens, I have directed, as I promilbd at the end of the last Session of Parliament, that the Money arising from the Sale of the Prizes vested in the Crown should he applied to the public Service. It is my Intention to reserve, for the same Use, whatever Sums shall be produced by the Sale of any of the Lands belonging to Me in the jftands of the West Indies, which were ceded to Us by the late Treaty.

The Improvement of the Public Revenue, by such Regulations as shall be judged most expedient for that Purpose, deserves your serious Consideration. This will be the surest Means of reducing the National Debt, and of relieving My Subjects from those Burthens, which the Expences of the late War have brought upon them; and will, at the same Time, establish the public Credit upon the most solid Foundation.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

As the Interests and Prosperity of My People are the foie Objects of My Care, I have only to desire that you will pursue such Measures as are conducive to those Ends, with Dispatch and Unanimity. Dom^ftic Union will be essentially necessary to remedy those Evils which are the Consequences of War; to enable us to reap the most permanent Advantages from the Con-elusion of the Peace; and to discourage that licentious Spirit which is repugnant to the true Principles of Liberty, and of this happy Constirution. In this Opinion, I trnlt that My Subjects will be confirmed by your Example; and that they will be taught by your Proceedings, to unite their utmost Endeavours to sup-. port Inch Measure* as may equally tend to the Honour and Dignity of My Crown, and to their own Security and Happiness.

Resolved, Nemine contra dicentc, That an humble

Xddress be be presented to His Majesty, to return His on the Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious King’s Speech. Speech from the Throne.

To offer our Congratulations to His Majesty on the auspicious Birth of another Prince, and on the happy Recovery of His Royal Consort, now farther endeared to this Country, by the Increase of those Pledges of

V 7 % W

our Liberty and future Happiness:

To congratulate His Majesty on the Completion of that great and salutary Measure, the Re*-establishment / of the public Tranquillity, upon Terms so honourable to His Crow n, and so advantageous to Mis People.

To allure His Majesty, that we feel the highest Satisfaction in the Declaration, which He is pleased to make, of His Resolution faithfully and steadily to adhere to the Conditions of the Peace, which His Majesty hath concluded: And that we cannot hut consider the lirong Afi'urances of the same good Disposition, given by the

several

670

16° — 170 N

A. 1763.

several Powers of Europe who were lately engaged again!! us, as the natural Consequence of His Majesty’s Wisdom and Firmness; and as a farther Presage that the Blessings of Peace will be uninterrupted and permanent:

That we are truly sensible of that paternal Love to His People, of which His Majesty is pleased to allure us, in so affecting a Manner; that we will alliduously apply ourselves to the Aceomplishment of those great Purposes, for which His Majesty has called us together; the Improvement of our valuable Acquisitions, the Extension of our Commerce, and the cultivating of every Art of Peace, which may either tend to alleviate the heavy Burthens occasioned by the War, or may otherwise contribute to the gcueral Welfare of these Kingdoms:

That His faithful Commons will chearfully grant to His Majesty' such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Service of the Year; that they will be careful to maintain the Navy of Great Britain upon the most Tefpectable Footing; and that they look upon His Majesty’s earned Recommendation of this important Object, as a Testimony of His Royal Attention to the true and essential Interest of this Country:

To acknowledge, with the deepest Sense of Gratitude, His Majesty’s gracious and tender Concern for the Relief of His People, by directing that the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown should be applied to the public Service; and for that additional Mark of His Royal Beneficence, in signifying His Intention to reserve, for the same Use, whatever Sums shall be produced by the Sale of any of the Lands belonging to the Crown, in the Islands of the West Indies, ceded by the late Treaty:

That we will bellow the strictest Attention upon that interesting Subject, which His Majesty has pointed out to our serious Consideration; and will diligently weigh every Regulation which may be proposed for the Improvement of the Public Revenue, as the moll effectual Method to reduce the National Debt, to relieve His Majesty’s Subjects from the Burthens of the late War, and to confirm and strengthen the Public Credit:

That we are thoroughly convinced, by the whole Tenor of His Majesty’s moll auspicious Reign, that the common Good and Prosperity of His People are the foie Objects of His Care; and that we should therefore be wanting to ourselves, and neglectful of our own Happiness, if we do not purlue, with Unanimity and Dispatch, such Measures as may belt contribute to these great Ends, and may moll effectually discourage that Spirit of Disorder and Licentiousness, which is no less dangerous to Liberty than destructive of Government:

That, animated with these Sentiments, we will endeavour, by our own Conduct, to set an Example to others of Duty to our Sovereign, and of Love to our Country; being firmly persuaded, that, under a Prince adorned with those Virtues which distinguish His Majesty, the real Interests of the King and of His People are inseparable.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upo* the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed, of The Marquis of Caernarvon, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord North, Mr Stanley, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Pref Lord Strange, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Verney, Mr. Harris, Lord Thomond, Mr. Townshend, Ix>rd Barrington, Mr. Rice, Doctor Hay, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Wood, Mr. Frederick Montague, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Rigby, General Townshend; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Joviiy 170 die Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III1* Regis, 1763.

Praters.

/\RDERED, That the Grand Committee for Gmid _ Religion do set every Tuesday in the Afternoon, Commit, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances, do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Privity Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Price, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sandys , Sir James Mr. Blackftcnc, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Abercrombie,

Mr. Wood, Mr. IIanbury, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Wal/tngham, Mr. John Yorke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Ilujke, Mr. Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Maiobey, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Shifpner, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Byde, General Honeywood, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Rice, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Reynolds, Sir George Pocock, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wemys, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Martin, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Buller, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Harris, Mr. D Mr. Nugent, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vanftttart, Mr. Raby

Vane, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Burgoyne, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Butler, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Parker, Doctor Hay, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Harley, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Whitworth^ Mr. Murray, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Page, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Glynn, Mr Scudamore, Mr. West,

Mr. Fairfax, Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Barrel, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Whatley, Mr. Ryder, Lord Tilney, Mr. Pryce, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Fonereau, Marquis of

Mr. Eliot, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Grant, Lord Midleton, Lord Warkioorlh, Lord Frederick Campbell,

Sir James Lowther, Sir William Maynard: And they

are to meet upon MondaySevennight, at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next,

and

It

Orf

JJftjal

Onkrt.

4 Geo. III. 17° Novembris. 671

and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Conunittee are to hare Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Maces they Will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come to Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Tune the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns dp withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the LJ eft ion of any Member tv serve in Parliament.

Rcfotved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious the House will Order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

RjgbbeA, That, if it shall appear that any Person fiath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House wilt proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirefUy hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be m high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House wifi proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be beard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the I louse or the said Committee, deliver to the fitting Members or their Agents, Tills of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and -distinguilliing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person so taken into

Vol. *9.

Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Rack Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked tip by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person what foe ver, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fake Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do pre-fame to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Pillages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Wqjbninfer-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do giye Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Wepninster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of th# House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing uf Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, conllantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

8II Ordered,

Ufiiat

Orders*

Usual

Order*.

Monmouth

Writ.

Brecknock

Writ.

Durant (and other*) Nat.

iJolinus’s

Nat.

Hafenclever and Rucker’s Nat.

Highway

general

Laws;

England.

Address on the Kirg> Speech.

17° Novembris. . 1763.

Ordered, That the faitl Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attend)ng this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, that the Votes of this House be Printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk.of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of William Morgan, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, in the room, of Thomas Morgan, Junior, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham in the County, of Sussex.

A Petition of William Dunant, John Christian Schreiber, and Jonas Dad, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir JarritSmith and Mr. Armj do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Andrew Solinus was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M r. Armjlead Parker And Sir Jarrit Smith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of PeterIIofen clever and Johann Peter

Rucker was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kijnajlonand Mr. Waller do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the I lighways by AtTclTments, in ft rad of the Six Days Labour: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Sir. Fairfax, Sir. Bydr, Sir Joh Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, and the Lord

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Marquis of Caernarvon reported from the Committee appointed Ye Herd ay to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read

the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Sttfye^s, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament afleinbl^l, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the niofi humble, and hearty Thanks of this House, lor Your moltgracipgs Speech from the Throne.

Permit us, ht the same Time, to offer our wanjieft Congratulations to Your Majesty on the auspicious-Birth of another Prince, and on the happy Recovery. of Your Royal Consort, now further endeared to this; Country by the Increafeof those Pledges of our Liberty and future Happiness.

We beg Leave to congratulate Your Majesty on the Completion of that great and salutary Meaftire, the Re-establishment of the public Tranquillity, upon Terms so honourable to Your Crown, and so advantageous to Your People.

Allow us. Sir, to afluro Your Majesty, that- yes'feel the liighefl Satisfaction in the Declaration whiclf You are graeiously pleased to make of Your Refoiutien, faithfully and steadily to adhere to the Conditions of 4lie Peace which Your Majesty has concluded; and that we cannot but consider the lirong A durances of the same good Dispofftiou given by the several Powers of Europe who were lately engaged against as the natural Consequence of Your Majesty’s Wisdom and Firmness, and as a farther Presage that the BJeflings of Peace will be uninterrupted and permanent.

We are truly sensible of that paternal Love to Your People, of which Your Majesty is pleased to allure us in so affecting a Manner; and we will aftldu-ously apply ourselves to the Accomplishment of those great Purposes, for which Your Majesty has called us together, the Improvement of our valuable Acquisi-tions, the Extension of our Commerce, and the Cultivating of every Art of Peace, which may either tend to alleviate the heavy Burthens occasioned by the War, or may otherwise contribute to the general Welfare of these Kingdoms.

We beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, that Your faithful Commons will chearfully grant to Your Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the Service of the Year; that they will be careful to maintain the Navy of Great Britain upon the most respedable Footing; and that they look upon Your Majesty’s earnest Recommendation of this important Object, as a' Testimony of Your boy a I Attention to the true and efleiitial Interests of this Country.

We acknowledge, with the deepest Senfc of Gratitude, Your Majesty’s gracious and tender Concern for the Relief of Your People, by directing that the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown should be applied to the public Service; and for that additional Mark of Your Royal Beneficence, in figrii/ying Your Intention to reserve, for the same Ule, whatever Sums shall be produced the Sale of any of the Lands belonging to the Crown in the Islands of the West Indies, ceded by the lat? Treaty.

Your Majesty may be allured that we will bellow the flrideil Attention upon that interfiling Subject, which.Your Majesty has pointed out to our serious Consideration; and will diligently weigh every Regulation which may be proposed for the Improvement of the public Revenue, as the most effectual Method to reduce the National Debt, to relieve Your Majesty’s Subjects from the Burthens of the late War, and to confirm and strengthen the Public Credit.

We are thoroughly convinced, by the whole Tenor of Your Majesty’s most auspicicus Reign, that the common

Mcfla&e to the Queen on the Birth of a Prince.

The Kings3 Speech to be considered*

Adjournment because of the Speaker’s liiaefs.

4 Geo. III. 17* — 18° — a:

ipon Good anil Prosperity of Your People are the so!e Objects of Your Care; and that we lhonld therefore he wanting to ourselves, and neglectful of our own Mappiness', if we did not pursue, with Unanimity and iDil'patch, Inch Measures as may heft contribute to ihefe great Ends, and may moll effectually discoUrage that Spirit of Disorder and Licentiousness, which is no Jells dangerous to Liberty than Destructive of Government.

Animated with these Sentiments, we will endeavour, by our own Conduct, to let an Example to others of Doty to our Sovereign, and of Love to our Country; being firmly per ft tailed that, under a Prince adorned with those Virtues which distinguish Your Majesty, Your real Interests and those of Your People are in- separable.

The laid Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Mouse doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the w hole House,

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemlnc contradicente, That a Congratula-

tory Message be font to Her Majesty, on theaufpicious Event of Her Majesty’s being delivered of another Prince, and of Her Majesty’shappy Recovery; and to assure Her Majesty of the zealous and dutiful Attachment of this House.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord u’ort/i, the Lord Burgherjh, the Lord Percival, Lord Grevile Montagu, Mr. Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vanjittart, Sir John Scabright, Mr. Bunbmy, and Mr. Frederick

Montagu, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Con-fi.'.’oration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die;

Anno 4* Georgii III. Regis, 1763.

rTWiK House being met, the Cleric at the Table in-JL formed the House, that Mr. Speaker was taken very ill last Night, and continued much indisposed; that not being able conveniently to write, he had directed him to express to the House his Concern that he was not l’ufiiciently recovered to attend their Service; but hoped, in a few days, to he able to return to his Duty; and that, in the mean lime, he submitted it to the House to do as they shall think proper.

Whereupon it was moved, that the House would adjourn till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk, (to whom those who spoke addressed themselves, according to former Practice in the Ah fence of the Speaker) by Direction of the House, put th&Question far adjourning the Iloul’e till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next, Njne of the Clock. Vol. 29.

0 — 23° Novembris. 673

Lit me, 210 die Novembris;

Anno 4s Georgii IIP" Regis, 1763.

nnflE House being met,’ the Clerk at the Table House X acquainted the House that he had received a Letter from Mr. Speaker; which he read to the House; and which is as followed); viz.

SIR;

I beg the Favour of you to pay my moll respectful Compliments to the House, and to express to them my very great Concern; that the public Business has been pollponed on Account of my Indisposition. I am truly icnfible of their kind Indulgence to me on this Occasion. Though I find myself considerably better, my Physician judges it very hazardous for me to venture out of Doors Today. I can however have no Doubt, but that with the further Indulgence of the House, I shall be able to attend their Service on nesday next.

I am,

Sir,

Your Faithful Frifend, -Downing Street, and Servant,

Monday, Nov. 21, 1763. John Cut.

To Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esq.

Whereupon it was moved that the House would adjourn till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

And the Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Qucllion for adjourning the House till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Novembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

TH F. House being met, and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair;

A Member returned upon a new Writ, look "the A Member Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and take* Oaths, took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then Mr. Speaker returned his humble Thanks to The Speaker the House, for their Indulgence to him during his In- fa- disposition. their

Indulgence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants ShillingfortV of the Counties of Berks and Oxford, whole Names are *c. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and ^oad-read; Setting forth. That the High Road leading from the Town of Shillingford, in the Parish of,

in the County of Oxford, to Shillingford Ferry, and from thence on the opposite side of the Thames to Wallingford, Moulsford, Streatley, Bafildm, Pangborne,

and so to Reading, in the County of Berks, is, in many

Places, very narrow, and in others very deep and # ruinous; and cannot be rendered effectually found and commodious by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the building a Bridge over the River, at or near the said Ferry, would be of very great Advantage, and Safety to

Iieckington

Inclosure.

Haftnclem ami Rucker’! Nat.

Doty on Excise and i’erry.

674

23° Novembris.

ji. 176$

the Neighbourhood, for many Miles round: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road; with Powers to the Commissioners to be therein named, to

inirchafe the said Ferry, and to erect a Bridge over the tiver Thames at or near the fame; and that such further and other Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Mr. Buhner, Lord North, Mr. Richmond Webb, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Walters, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. John Harrry, Mr Mr. Francis Bullet, Sir Francis Knol/ys, Mr. Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilbrnham Bootle, Mr. Morton, Siv Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ih/de, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger Mr. Par*

Iter, Sir George Sdvile, "Mr. John Butler, Sir John Mordant', Mr. Sandys.Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Mr. Wolcott, Mr. Maze bey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thomas Howard* Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Fifzmaurice, Mr. Eliah Harvey, Mr. Serjeartt Hewitt, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bei'tie, Mr. Alderman and

all tlte Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Wilts, Bucks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Lady Fraifer, Lady of the Manor of Her king ton, in the County of Lincoln; Anthony Taylor, Eft] rri fre. Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within the said Parish of Heckingfon, and also a considerable Proprietor in the said Parish; William Nottingham, Clerk, View of the said Parish, and intitled to the small Tythes arising the rein, and also a certain Portion of Glebe Lands in the said Parish; and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting fortKThat there are within the said Parish certain Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, a Common Fen, Cow Pasture, and other Commons, containing Four thousand Acres, or thereabouts; which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, inoapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inck)-sing the said Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cdw Pasture, and other commonable Places, in loch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcut and Lord Broicnlozv Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing Peter Ilnfenclever and Johann Peter Rucker: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read & Second Time.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council nfsembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice of the Act of lad SdTion, for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties uponWines imported into this Kingdom*, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions, Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, byway of Annuities and Lot-

teries, to be charged on the said Duties: And representing to the House, that such of the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted as are charged upon Cyder and Perry, are appointed to be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise; and ti?e Makers of Cyder and Perry are, by the said Act, made liable to the Search, Survey, and Control of the Officers of Excise, and to divers Forfeitures and Penalties to be infiifted and recovered without the Intervention of a Jury, by summary Methods of Proceeding unknown to the Common Law; and that the Petitioners have been informed that that Mode of collecting the said Duties is an intolerable Burthen to the Farmers, and other Occupiers of Orchard Ground, who, as the Makers of Cyder and Perry, are immediately affected by it; and alleging. That the Petitioners, though not immediately affected by it in its present Operation, are deeply interested therein, as it is a Precedent of an Extension of Excise Laws, which, under any Circum-stancas, bear so hard upon the Liberty of the Subject, as scarcely to be deemed less burthensome, grievous, and prejudicial to the Kingdom, than the Tenures which they abolished; and as this Precedent appears to the Petitioners to have a very general, dangerous, and alarming Tendency, they have therefore thought it their Duty (having regard to the Rank they bear amongst His Majesty's Subjects) to be the earliell in their humble Application to this House, to obtain a Repeal of so much of the said Act as subjects the Makers of Cyder and Perry to the Excise Laws, in the fullcft Confidence that the House will listen to the Petition of any of His Majesty’s Subjects, in a same where they think themselves, or any of their Fellow Subjects, aggrieved, and more efpeeiaWy where their Liberties are concerned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as so the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That the House do now proceed to take The Kinp into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament. ""

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Speech into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, that a Supply be granted - . to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now resume the adjourned Con- r‘ sideration of the Matter communicated by His Majesty’s Message of TueJ'day the 15th of this Instant November;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Message.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Privilege of Parliament does not extend to the same of writing, and publiftiing, seditious Libels, nor ought to be allowed to obstruct the ordinary course of the Laws, in the speedy and effectual Pflofecution of so heinous and dangerous an Offence;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered,

4 Geo. III.

230 — 240 Novembris,

675

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, upon Tuesday the 15th Instant, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against John Wilke*, Esquire, a Member of this House, be heard upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovts, 2 40 die Novembris \

they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had, in Privilege* the Chair, received a Letter from John Wilkes, Esquire, Mr. White*, a Member of this House; the Contents of which Mr. Wilkes desired might be communicated to ihe House.

The said Letter was accordingly read.

Anno 4* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1763.

Pk

AYERS.

Punant an I others

Solinus'*

Nat.

A Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, being offered to be presented to House;

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed (he adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yesterday, That Privilege of Parliament docs not extend to the same of writing and publishing seditious Libels, nor ought to be allowed to obstrtrt Sir Jan'ilSmith presented to the House, according the ordinary Course of the Laws, in the speedy and

Ditto.

SI R Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing John Christian Schreiber, and 7onas Duel: And the same was received; and read the Firli Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing An And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

G*illbcrotigh

and

Cot.m

Iuclolure.

A Petition of the Impropriators of and

Coton ,in the County of Northampton, and of the Vicars, and Incumbents thereof, and of the several Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of and Coton

aforesaid, commonly called and Colon

Open Fields; and also, of a Commonable Piece of Ground, called the Heath Wat/, lying open to the said Fields of Guilfborough and Coton a fore laid; and intermixed with the Commons in in the Parish of

GiiHfhorough aforesaid; together with aPiece of Ground called Broad Common and other Commonable Pieces of Ground in the Lanes, with the Lane Commons of Nortoft aforesaid; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Laud Owners there; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and the same are incapable oflmprovement in theirpre-sent Situation; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage, if the said Fields, Commonable Places, and Lanes, were inclosed and divided: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for the the Purposes aforesaid, in fitch Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Frederick

Montagu, and Mr. Robert Ilarley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

effectual Prosecution of so heinous and dangerous an Offence.

Notice being taken, that from some Words which had been spoken in the House, by Mr. James Grenville, and Sir. Rigby, there was Reason to apprehend a Quarrel might enfne;

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them to (land up in their Places, and give the House Assurance, not to prol'ccute what bad happened.

The said Members accordingly severally stood up in their Places, and allured the Ilcufe, that they would not prosecute the Matter.

Then the Question being put, That Privilege of Parliament does not extend to the same of writing and publishing seditious Libels, nor ought to be allowed to obstruct the ordinary course the Laws, in the speedy and effectual Prosecution of ib heinous and dangerous an Offence;

'I he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Te.lers for.he Noes. } & gg*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House interpose 10 nebuft a Quarrel brtweenTwo Member,

1258. }i33*

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinfotook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Com-

The House was moved, that the Resolutions of the Privilege; House of the 15th Day of this Inllant November, re- Mr. Wilkc$* lating to the Paper, intituled " The North Briton,

N° 45," might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Paper, intituled the North Britint, N*45, is a false, scand;iloiis, and seditious Libel,

" containing Expressions of the most unexampled In- folence and Contumely towards His Majesty, the groflblt Aspersions upon both Houses of Parliament, and the moll audacious Defiance of the Authority of the whole Legislature; and most manifestly " tending to alienate the Affections of the People " from His Majesty, to withdraw them from their " Obedience to the Laws of the Realm, and to " excite them to traitorous Infureclious against His Majesty’s Government.

" Resolved, That the said Paper be burnt by the " Hands of the common Hangman."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, and also the Resolution of the House of this Day, be communicated to the Lords at a Conference; and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter of the utmost Importance to

niittee, That they had come to a Resolution; which the Dignity of the Crown, the Honour and Safety of Voi. 29, 8 1 His

676

25* Novemb

A. I'y6j.

His Majesty’s Person and Government, and to the Authority and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And the House having continued to fit till near Two of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Mat-

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to ShiTm»y whom the Petition of the Gentlemen and others, In- &c. ’

ter communicated by His Majesty’s Message of Tuesday habitants of the Counties of Berks and , whose

Time appointed for receiving Address.

Account from the Customs: East India Goods, &c.

Clock this Morning.

the 15th Day of this Instant November, be adjourned Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock. the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as And then the House adjourned till Nine of the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in atthe Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Poole being examined, said, That the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, to Shillingford Ferry, and from thence, on the opposite side of the , to Wallingford, Moulford,

and , in the County of

Berks, is in many Parts very narrow, and in others very

Veneris, 25* dieNovembris;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

LORY)-Charles Spencer reported to the House, that deep and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant and widened by the Law's in being; and that the

to the Order of Thursday the 17th Dav of this Instant November, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at His Palace of Saint James.

building a Bridge at or near Shillingford Ferry, which in Times of Floods is very dangerous, would be attended with great Advantages to the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Convenience.

A Member present at the Committee confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, The House being informed, that some of the Com- for repairing and widening the Road frommissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford, and were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, to Reading, in the County of Berks , and

pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, for building a Bridge over the River , at or

N* x. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, near Shillingford Ferry: And that Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

brought into the East India Warehouses in St. Helen's, Pye, Mr. and Mr. Francis Buller, do pre-

in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1762; also pare, and bring in, the fame, what have been exported from that Time, and what

remained at Michaelmas 1763: And also, A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, Two Acts, One made in the Seventh Year of the brought into the East India Warehouses in Leadenhall Reign of King George the First, and the other in the an& BilliterLane, in ihePort of LondonfmceMichaelmas 15th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

176a; also what have been exported from that Time, George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading and what remained at Michaelmas 1763: And also, from the Town of I^dbury, in the County of Hereford; N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Ldbuj

Rokk

remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1762; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 17631 And also.

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited

and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money has "been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, great Part of which hill remains unpaid; and that the Terms

to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware- of the said Acts are near expiring; and the said Debt houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1762; what cannot be discharged, and the said Roads effectually have been since brought in, w'hat exported, as also what repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are

remained at Michaelmas 1763: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, wdiich have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1762, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c. what have been returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1763: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of Ijsndon, from Michaelmas 1762, to Michaelmas 1763: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports of England, (commonly called the Out-ports) from Michaelmas 1762, to Michamelmas 1763: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1763.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

16

further continued, explained, and amended, and additional Powers granted; and alleging, that a Part of the Roads, by the said Acts directed to be repaired, leads from Ledbury to the Parish of Bromjbcrrove, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Road continued from the said Branch, through the said Parish of Bromjberrozo, and the several Parishes of Red Mar ley

and Staunton, in the County of to a Place

called StauntonSuan, in the great Road leading from Ledbury to the City of Gloucijler; and from the said Place called Staunton Szcan, through Corse Lawn, till it meets the great Road leading from the said City of Gloucester to the City of Worcester; is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing, explaining, and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said other Roads; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

anrine

Supply.

Accounts

and

Estimates

ordered.

4 Geo. III. 250 — 28

amine the Matter thereof; awl report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Si r John Morgan, Sir John Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Duller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Ftinfill art, Mr. Pye, Mr. Mr. Merrick, Sir

George A rm itage, Mr. Kynafon, M Wynne, Mr. Sandy s. Mr. Corneicall, Mr. Pennant, Lord Burgherfh, Mr,

Molyneux, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Mr. WibrahamBootle, Mr. Lord Strange,

Mr. Montagu, Sir George Sat He, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Webb, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Jennings, S\r Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Salop, Hereford, and Monmouth; and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfdo make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Wednesday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Jenkinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1764, with an Estimate of the Half-Pay of Officers of the Navy, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1764, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1764, be laid before this House.

the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Strange reported, that he had, according Privilege; to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; ^r* Wilket. and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord North,

Lord Strange, Marquis of Caernarvon, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Penton,

Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Frederick Montagu, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

James Harris, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Pennant, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Elliot,

Lord John Cuvaidish, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir Edmund

Thomas, Sir John Philipps.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The North Briton, N® 45," be communicated to the Lords, at the said Conference.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had communicated to their Lordships the Resolutions of the House, of the 15th and 24th Days of this Instant November; and also the Paper, intituled, " The North Briton, N° 45 and had left the said Resolutions and Paper with their Lordlliips.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Mat- Ditto,

ter communicated by His Majesty’s Message of Tuef-day the 15th Day of this Instant November, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made to Ditto, the House, upon Tuesday the 15th Instant, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, be heard upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant \ Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-Pay, for the Year 1764, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1764, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a* Account be laid before this House, /hewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1763, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, /hewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1763, and the loth Day of October 1763, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for

Luna?, 28° dieNovembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Iir'* Regis, 1763.

Praters.

)E TER Hafenclever, Johann Peter Rucker, Andrew Solinus, William Dunant, John Christian and Jonas Dael, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Blackjlone presented to the House, according to shillingford, Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from *c. Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through -

ford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

67 8

28" — 2 90 N.

1763.

T>urant *mU others Nit.

A RiH for Naturalizing William DunanJ, jW//» C/ir/f- ed Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty lianSchreiber, and Jonas Dad was read a Second Time, was pleased to say;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. CoventryMr. , Mr.

Dowde/well, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert , Mr. Francis Buller, Sir William Meredith, Lord 7^/m

Gentleman,

I thank you lor this Mark of your Regard.

Solinm’s

Nat.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obedi- c«n.i>np«,i Caveniish, Mr. Sandy*, Sir George Warren, Mr. Black- ence to their Commands of the 19th Day of April last, ^nfwer done, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harris, Lord Cathcrhugh, he had signified to Brigadier General Draper, and Mr. Pve, Mr. Ijnvndct, Mr. Methuen, Sir G&rge Armi-Vice Admiral the Thanks of this Iloule, for Thanki.

/age, Mr. Foley, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Alderman Dick in- the eminent Services they had performed to their King

Jen, 'Mr Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Phi- and Country, in a Aiding in the Conquest of Manila, liny:, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. and the Reduction of the Philipine Blands-, and that Clive.Mr. I ruin, Mr. Do/hn, Mr. Parker, Mr. Damcr, he had, upon the 21st Day of April last, received the Mr. Glover, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Coutts, Sir Laxorence Dundus, following Answer from Brigadier General Draper.

Mr. Dundas, Lord Carysfort :Anti they are to meet

Sir, 21, 1763.

Iam this Moment honoured with your most polite and obliging Letter, signifying the Sense which the House of Commons has been pteased to entertain of my poor Services. T he Attention that the Gentlehnen of the

litlh

this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Naturalizing A11 drew Sul inns, was read a Second Time.

Ih fnlvcd, That tly* Bill he committed to Sir Jarrit honourable house have constantly shewn, even to the Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mar daunt , Mr. Parker, smallest Dcg-ee of military Merit, during the late War,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Francis Buller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Abercrombie,

Mr. Dmedejxeell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Sir G< orge Warren, Mr. RLord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Mr. Ctift, Mr.

Frederick Montagu, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Rushout, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Montagu, Lord Orwell, Mr. Pur, Sir William Muunard, Mr. Fletcher, Sir 1 oxernice Dundas,

Mr. PI umpire, Iaord George SackvillMr. Pater fan Mr.

Coutts, M r.Siblhorpe,y Ir. Ednu Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Upton, MrJI'W/rr, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Wedderburn,\lr.Campbell,^'olonei Invin, Mr.

Mr. Damer, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Lawrence, Lord

can he the only Reason for which they have eon-defeended to take Notice of me. I shall ever esteem it the great Honour of my Life, to have had their Thanks and Approbation.

I am. Sir, with the utmost Respect, and Consideration, your mail obliged ami obedient humble Servant, William Draper.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the house, that their Addicts of Friday last, that His Ma-

Catherlough: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at jesty would be graciously plea fed to give Direction*,

Hafendever and Rinker’s Nat.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Naturalizing Peter 11afenclever, an d Johann Peter Rucker, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Blaekjione, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kyndjton, Mr. Mr. Francis Buller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vanjiltart, Mr. Harris, Colonel I ruin, Mr. Bye, Sir John Mr. Plump-

tre. Sir George Warren, Mr. Bull, Mr. Waller, Mr.

that the Ellimat.es, Lift and Accounts, therein mentioned, might he laid before this House, had been prefonted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills, after the 28 th Day of January next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered,'Yhat the further Consideration of the Matter

Aniwtr

to

A'M-cf.

I if

Eiliimta

Cr

X

Jolliffe, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord communicated by His Majesty’s Message of Tuesday,

Private

Bills.

Privilege; Mr. WiiKes.

The King* Atilwer to

Address.

TheyQyieen* Answer to the

congratulatory

M cffiige.

Casherlough, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mo-lyneux, Mr. Upton, Mr. Armfi Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Rn/iout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fletcher, Sir John Philipps,^lr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr. Wit

braham Bootle, Mr. Clive, Mr. Colonel

Mr. Cnjl, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Lord

Clive, M r. Dnnpjler, Lord Carysfort, Mr.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House attended 11 is Majesty on Friday last, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return yon my hearty Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Address, and for your Congratulations on the happy Event of the Birth of My Second Son.

The Satisfaction which you express at the Re-elta* blishment of the Public Tranquillity, is highly acceptable to Me; and your Resolution to pursue such Measures, as are most conducive to the Honour and Happiness of My Kingdoms, will always meet with My warmed Approbation and Concurrence.

Lord Charles Spencer acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attend-20

the 15th Day of this Instant November, be further adjourned till ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, upon Tuesday the 15th Instant, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed ngainli Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, be heard upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti5^ 29* die Novembris \

Anno 4* Georgii III'* Regis, 1763.

Ditto.

Prayers.

s

I R Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing Andrew Solinits was committed* that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered^ That* the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir

Solrnus'l

N«.

4 Geo. III. 20° Noveft679

Hafencle'-er Sir Jarrif Smith reported from the Committee* to *,.d Rucker’s w|10!,'tlw» Bill for Naturalizing Peter IlafcncLver and *f‘ Johann Peter Rucker, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had d-iwfted him to report the Bill to, the House, with-v out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at 'ine -Cierkls Table.

Ordered, Thattbe Bili.be ingrossed.

CracVky A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are ®*nk subscribed, appointed to put in-Execution Two Acts sk ewfcurv of-passed in the 12th Year of-the Reign of Hoad.7 King George the First, and in the Third Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between C in tl^e Parish of Shiffnall, and the Town of in the County of

Salop, was presented to the House, and rear!; Setting forth. That great Progress had been made in the Repair oft he several Roads; but that the same cannot) be completed within the Terras of the said Acts; find that there are Two Roads, which communicate with the said Road, between -CrackBunk and and lead to A Hon Burnell; languor Green,

in the County of Salop, the One, which is.Pgrt of the ancient Roman Hoad called Street, being! the

shortest, is commonly travelled on in Summer, or when the Severn is fordable, and leaves the said Road at the Sign of the Id<rrjc Sh,iu pear the Six

Mile Stone from Shrewjburand passing through the said River Severn atlVroxeier Ford, erodes the Turnpike Road dealing from Shrewsbury to Rridgenorth; and the other, which is chiefly tifed when the Severn is high, and nuift be passed at - Bridge, parts Rom the said Road'-at {.the Well End -of the said Bridge, and passing through Cronk^hill Lang, enters the Turnpike Road leading from Shreusburytp Bridgenorth* at a Place called the Cross Ipoufes j and continuing ajong she said

Turnpike Road for about the Space of One Mile, unites with the said Roman Road, at a Pfece were it erodes the said Shrewsbury and Road, and

then leads to Longnor Green, near the Village of Languor, which lies on the Turnpike Road between

bury and Church Stretton through Avion Burnell, and Fradgley; and that both the said Roads gre in many Places very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition; and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being: ;And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a longer Term the said Two, Acts of Parliament, and to enlarge their Powers, in such Manner as the House shall think proper, , for the more effectual repairing the Roads therein.mentioned; and also to enable the Petitioners to widen and apnenjl the said Roads, leading from to Longnor Green,

and from the said West End of Alcharh Bridge tt> the Cross llouj'is aforesaid; or grant them such other Relief,

as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House!

And it is referred to Lord Clive, Mr. Clive, Sir Jartil Smt/i, Mr. Alderman' Dickitijbn, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Ward, Mr. Builer, Mr. Edmonjione> Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wluchcot, Mr. Armjtead Parker, Lord Catherlough, M r. Stephens, Sir Georg* Yonge, Mr. Sandy s, Sir John Philips, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Bagot,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Pratt-, Mr., Webb, lylr. Burrell,

Sir George Pocock, Mr. Pye, Lord Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shijfner,^>\r John Glynne,

Mr. Howe, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Butler Lord Frederick Campbell, M r; Robinson, Colonel Mr.

Montagu, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Pitt, I^ord Orwell, Mr. Wynne,

Sir William Baker, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary af War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, l^arrifons, Anny and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Eftinmtw. from the 25th of December 1763, to the 24th Day of December 1764, both iuclusive j being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th of December 1763* to 24th December 1764, both Days inclusive; being

366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1764.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’.s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Subsidies due to the reigning Duke of Brynfwic, for the Year 1764, pursuant to Treaties.

And the Titles of the said Rftimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth \

Voi.t9. SK estimate

68o

29" Novembris.

A. 1763.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1763, to the 24th of December 1764, both inclusive , being 366 Days.

r First Troop of Life Guards -Second Ditto -

o ( First Troop Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto

Lieut. General Com Dragoons

Duke of Argyll's - -

I Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's -Lieut. General Cho

Lieut. General G. Howard's -Sir John Mordaunt's -

Earl of Ancram's - -

m

a

o

o

to

ctf

u

Q

o

o

U

~ Major General Elliott's -"J>jCo!onel Burgot/ne’s - -

rFirft Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -Third Regiment bf Foot Guards -Sir llennj Erskine's zd Battalion -

General Gui/e’s.

Lord Robert Bertie's - -

Major General Barrington's Lieut. General Napier's -( Lieut. General Pult - -Major General Jrffc- - -Lieut. Karl of Panms -

Lieut. General Bofca -

Lord George I.enox's -

[Colonel Onghton's -Lieut. General Leighton's Lord Robert Manners's -

Lieut. General Parsons's Regiment Lord Lindores's

Major General Parker's -

15 / Major Ad,land's ..... je j Major Ctiff'd* -

I Lieut. Colonel Lind's j 8 Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Deduct,

One Ensign in Lord Undore’s Regiment of Invalids One Lieutenant in Major General Parker’s D°

°ne feic""nan* 1 in Lieut. Col. Lind’s D- -

One Ensign

Total

War Office, a.gthNcjvemper 1763.

NUMBERS. Pay of the Troops anti Regiments for 366 Days.

181 - i7,653 8 —

181 i7.653 8 —

177 - 10,900 14 —

176 " 10,772 12 — \

319 i >03 4 26,126 6

V

345 - — I 00 CO to 'O »- oh

231 - - 12,932

231 - - 12,932 —

231 — 12,932 — —

231 - " 12,932 — — \;

231 - 0 12,932 — — ..

231 - 12,932

231 * 12,932

231 * 12,932 —

231 - 12,932-

231 . CO 1 12,932

231 - 12,932 — —

231 462 12,932

- 1,649 - 46,106 17 —

" 1,058 - 29,841 4 —

- 1,058 - 29,896 a —

529 - 11,095 18 —

529 11,352 2

529 11,498 lO —

' ’ 529 - 11,352 2 —

529 ii,352 2 —

529 - 11,352 2 —

529 - n,352 2 —

529 - 11,352 2 —

529 - 11,352 2 —

52y - 11,352 2 "

529 - 11,352 2 —

329 11,352 2 —

529 10,642 11,352 2 —

' ’ 555 - - 10,363 18 —

495 - - 8,96a 8 6

495 - 8,962 8 6

3i3 - 5,581 10 —

261 - OH CH OH *-< O 1

208 - 3,751 10 —

416 - 7,246 16 —

2>743

- - 37,942 19 4’

*" — 20,000

17.536 .

Dead 4 m m

m m I7»532 - ‘ ,

TOTAL.

s. <L

83,106 -t

.148)249 16 6

25,864 —

253>311 *3 —

49>535 1 —

57»94a 19

4t

6x8,009 17 iOr 3°5-----

617,704 17 tOf

'«i 11 11

W. Ellis.

estimate

4 Geo. III.

29* Novemhris.

681

ESTI MATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the Plantations, including thofeitx Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th Day of December 1763,10 the 24th of December 1764, both Days inclusive; being 366 Days.

NUMBERS.

Lieut. General Daroure's Regiment -Lieut. General Whitmore's -: -

Sir Jeffery Aniherjt's -

Major General Monck ton's -

Major General Gage's -

Lieut. General War bur ton's -

Major General Townshend's -

Lord Frederick Catendish's -

General Otway's -

Major General Talliot's -Major General Armiger's - -

Lord Jo/m Murray’s -

Lieut. General Noel's -Lieut. General Abercromby's -Major General Bofcawen's - -

Lieut. General Thomas Murray's -

Major General Stamcix's -

Royal American Regiment 2 Battalions -

Sir William Boothby's -

Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, and S’aw/

Jo/w’s....

Officers serving with the Forces in N° America Garrisons in the Ceded ifiandsand S' Augustine

Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Colonel Craufurd's Regiment -

Lieut. General Bocland's - -

Sir John Griffin Griffin's - -

Lieut. General Stuart's -

5°41 -500 -5°° 500 -

500 5°° -5°° 5001

5°°

5°°

500

5°°

500

500

5°° 500 500 11,001 504

Pay’ of the Regiments, tfe. For 366 Days.

TOTAL.

10.995

io»739

10.739 10,739'

*0,739

10.739

10.739

10.739

10.739

*0,739

10.739

10.739

10.739

10.739

10.739

10.739 10,885 21*734

10.995

s.

5

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

1

rf.

?-5 —

s.

d.

10,009

5-91 529 -I 529 529

2,1

16

11.352

11.352

11.352 ii»352

2 — 2 —

a —

215,696 — —

2,976

6,816

4,013

2,000

1 9$

15 —

16 —

Officers of the Garrison, Sc.

GIBRALTAR. Lord George Benuclerk’s Regiment I acut. General Kingsley's I.ient. General Cornwallis's -

Earl of Loudoun's - - . -

529 529 5291 529

Officers of the Garrison, ffc. -Officers of the Garrison of Quebec, &c. -Pruvisions for a Regiment of Foot at Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting 4* per Diem out of the Subsidence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence; ivinain to be borne by the Government -Pt ovisions for the other I'wo Regiments in Nova Scotia Prov lions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -

Proviaons for the Regiments at Quebec - -

2,116

",352 *i,352

11.352

11.352

2 -

2 — 2 —

2 -

45,408

6,407

8 —

11 10$

War-Office, 29 November 1763.

Total - -

14,241

W. Ellis.

1,070

2,141

19,238

i.6,744

I 1 --

2 — 14 10 14 2

45,408

4»2i7

i>634

8 —

7 8i 16 —

38,195

2 —

372»774 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1764.

General and Staff Officers -. -War-Office, 29th November 1763.

W. Ellis.

£. d. 11,322 7 3

fr-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of , pursuant to Treaties,.

. t for the Year 1764.

Advanced Subsidy, at the Rate of 164,800 Crowns a Year, stipulated on Account of 1,205 £. s. d.

Cayalrv, and 2,208 Infantry, with General and Staff Officers, Sc.for the Year 1764 - -39,701 16 4

Advanced Subsidy, on Account of an Augmentation to the above, confiding of 239 Cavalry,

and 122 Infantry, m proportion to the abovementioned Rate - . 4,199 7 3

War-Office, 29th November 1763. -

Total - -jf-43,901 3 7tV

Ordered,

Supply.

Ntvy

Estimtte.

Marriage of the Princess Augulla.

681

29" Novembris. — i° Decembris.

*7^3-

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Friday lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House T o-mprrow Morning, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty* might be read. And the said Order.heing read accordingly;

Ordered, That the- said Order be discharged;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to giye Directions to the proper (Sheers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1764.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this* House, signed by His Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGER.

His Majesty having received Proposals for a Marriage between her Ubyai Highness the Princess Augvfta, and his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswic and Lunenburg-, and having been pleased favourably to accept and agree to the fame: has thought it proper to communicate His Intentions to this House: And as His Majesty cannot doubt but that this Alliance with so considerable and distinguished a Protestant Family will be to the general Satisfaction of all His Subjects, He promises himself the Concurrence and Assistance of this House, in enabling Him to give such a Portion to His eldest Sifter, as may be suitable to the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

/ R.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between her Royal Highness the Princess His Majesty’s eldest Sifter, and his most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince o i Bruns and Lunenburg.

'Fo express the intire Satisfaction of this House at the Prospectof this Alliance with so illustrious a Pro-toliant Family, which has so signally distinguished itself in the Defence of the Liberties of Europe-, and to af-sure His Majesty that this House will enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Affair, in such a Manner as shall demonllrate the Zeal, Duty, and Affection of this House to His Majesty, a just Sense of the eminent Virtues and Merit of her RoyalHighness, and a due Regard to the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty’s Family.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of The Marquis of Granby, Sir James Loivtlier, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pelham, Lord North, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. Peter

Burrell, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. General

head, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Lord Garlics, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord George Mr. Nugent,

Lord Brczvulow Bertie, Mr. James Harris, General Conway-, or any Five jof them: And they are t£> withdraw immediately intnjfae%eafeer’s Chamber.

The Marquis of Granby reported from the Committee appointed this Day to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s -Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. (

May it please Your Majesty,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thatnks of this House, for Your most gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between her Royal Highness the Princess Augvfta, Your Majesty’s eldest Sifter, and his most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince ;of Brunswic and Lunenburg.

Permit us to express our intire Satisfaction at the Prospect of this Alliance with so illustrious a Protestant Family; which has so signally distinguished itself in the Defence of the Liberties of Europe-, and to allure Your Majesty that we will enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Affair, in such Manner as shall demonllrate our Zeal, Duty, and Affection to Your Majesty, a just Sense of the eminent Virtues and Merit of her Royal Highness, and a due Regard to the Honour and Dignity of Your Majesty’s Family.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious'Message, of this DaV, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House. to whom it is referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763. Prayer*.

SIR Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing William Dunant, John Christian Schreiber, and Jonas Dael, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Aa ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Andrew , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Solinus.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Iia/enckver and Johann Peter Rucker, was read the Third 'lime.

*Resolved,

AdJrcfi on the Marriage of the Priiicdi August.

kffi.

(and othrf Kit*

olintfs Nil.

Hdtnck»tf

tndlUckffi

Nit.

4 Geo. III.

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title he, An Act for naturalizing Peter and

JohannPeter Rucker.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Bitncnlmo Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Linds, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A IVtitisn of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting for:It, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish. from its Situation in the Neighbourhood of London, are greatly exposed to Burglaries and Outrages; and that if the said Parish was lighted, and a well regulated Watch kept therein, it would, in a great Moa-sure, prevent the said Evils; and that the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and might be better managed, and regulated, if fullicieut Powers were given for that Purpose; and that, if the Petitioners were impowered to make Hates for defraying the Expences of lighting and watching the said Parish, and for the Relief and Employment of the said Poor, it would greatly tend to the Safety and Advantage of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conluleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or. Admiral Coates, Mr. , Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Alderman DickinJo Warkworth, Mr.

Kynajten, Mr. Lull red, Mr. , Sir John Philipps, Mr. Saudi /.v.Sir Francis Mr. Sir

William Baker, Mr. J[excelt. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Nugent, Lord Clive, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Byde, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Morton, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. , General,

Mr. Foley, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Beji, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumplre, Sir Laxorence Dundas, Mr. Pill, Mr. Wood, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Methuen, Lord Bnnonlow Bertie, Mr. Bluckfione, Mr. Waller, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Norris, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pye, Doctor Hay, Mr. Buller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Alderman and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Effet, Norfolk, Sufolk, Cambridge, and , Hertford; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

683

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Woodha HeTIgny and Hellgay, in the County of Norfolk, and of fevera D«"»*« the Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands, and Ix>w Grounds, lying in a certain'Place called Great West Fen, in Hellgay aforesaid, bounded by the Uplands of Hell-gay, East; the Drain called Sam’s Cut, South; the River Ouse, West; and the Mouth of the River Wcjftiy, commonly called Hellgay Creek, North; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors within tire said Fen, have, from the Defect of their Outfall to Sea, been, for several Years pall, frequently annoyed with Water, so as to render them of little Value; and that the same cannot be effectually drained without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will grant such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Mr. Ba-

con, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lnttrell,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Heft, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Thomas Townshend, Sir EchourdWinnin, Mr. Harbor d, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lo:d Coleraine, Mr. Mills, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaftcn, Ixtrd Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith. Mr. Mr. Earle,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Duke, Mr. Townshend, T^ord,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fuller, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Hunter, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Campbell, Lord , Mr.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Cooke, Lord Orwell, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-fous, Papers, and Records.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Navy

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, E&nute. presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1764.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amongil the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth;

i° Decembris.

Vdt.. tq.

»L

Googb

i° Decembris.

Westminster

Bridge.

A-1765.

' 0

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1764.

N*

1. To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,&c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instrurnents and Contingencies relating thereto ....

2. Superannuated Sea Officers -

3. Pensions and other Allowances - -

Yards

Chatham

Deptford.

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Sheerness

Plymouth

£ s. d.

20,526 13 8

- 7,613 *7 11

3*448 — 6

- - 3»!4* It 4

2,520 8 8

4,298 14 6

1,813 4 6

- 3*359 9 6

16. Muster Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, Sc. ——

15. Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1764 -

To which may be added.

For carrying on the Building of Four Houses for the Officers of the Hospital, lately erected at Plymouth -

And to the Governors of the Royal Hospital at for the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1764, Ten thousand Pounds -

£: S. d.

33*843 4 1

28,140 a -

18,582 g —

3*295 6 11 5°>75* 17 2 22,030. 3 —

43*545 -

I03>379 — — 95,000-----

398»568 u 9

3,000 — —

10,000 -

411,568 11 9

M-.

1

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1764, amounts to Four hundred and Eleven Thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Niue Pence.

8. Cokburne, Yho. Slade, W. Bately, E. Mason, T. , B. Osborn.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Seddon, from tjje Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the

opposite Shore in the County of , attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building IVefm infer Bridge, from the 7th Day of December 1762, to the 16th Day of November 1763, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1762, to the 1 oth Day of October 1763; together with a Rent Roll; and an Account of Bridge Rents, received from 5th July 1762, to 5th July 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief Aceon# of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1763: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars in the City of Lon-

don, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, from the 5th Day of July 1762, exclusive, to the 5th Day of Jidy 1763^ InclufirCi And also.

4 Geo. III. i0 Dacembriz.

An Account of Mon received and paid, in pursuance of the Act to improve, ividen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge; (ion) the 10 th Day of December 1762, exclusive, to the 7th Day of October 1763,. incIuGve.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved ajnongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. I.ane:

Mr. Speaker,.

Trivilegei The Lords desire a present Conference with this Mr. W»lke*. House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the la/t Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called ip; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the I aft Conference, do manage this Conference; And the Raines of the Managers were called over; and they vicent to the Conference.

An<l being returned;

The Lortli North reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; which was to acquaint this House, That the Lords have taken into ConiideKAtion the printed Paper, intituled, " The North Briton, N° 45," delivered by the Commons on Friday last at the Conference; as also the Three Resolutions of the House of Commons thereupon, communicated at the same Conference; which Resolutions the Lords have agreed to, by filling up the Blanks with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and"

Ditto. Resolved, That the printed Paper, intituled, " The North Briton, N° 45," winch was communicated to the Lords at the last Conference, be burnt by the Hands of the Common Hangman at the Royal Exchange, in London, upon Saturday next, at One of the Clock; and that the Sheriffs of London do then attend, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

Ordered, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Resolution.

D;«o. Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, to acquaint His Majesty, that, having taken into our Consideration a late false, scandalous, and seditious Libel, intituled, ic The North Briton, N' 45," we think it our indilr penfable Duty to express our Surprise and Indignation at finding, that neither the Public nor Private Vir-

tues, which so eminently entitle His Majesty to the higlieft Veneration, as well as to the most grateful and local Attachment of all His Subjects; nor the gracious Expressions of His tender Care and Affection for His People, in His Majesty’s Speech from 'he Fhro.ie, at the End of the Iail Session of Parliament, which Ins been thus infamously traduced; should have been fufti-eient to feciire His Majesty f.’oin so insolent, and unexampled an Indignity: That such, indee I, has been His Majesty’s uniform Adherence to the Principles of our happy Cunstitution; and Inch the uninterrupted Harmony and good Correspondence between His Majesty ami His Parliament; that it is no wonder to fee, that the same audacious Hand, which hath dared thus grossly to affront His Majesty, should, at the same Time, violate the other say.od Regards prescribed by the Laws and Constitution of this Country; alperfing and calumniating every Branch of the Legislature; and endeavouring to excite, amongst all Ranks, of His Majesty’s Subjects, such a Spirit of Discord and Disobedience, as could end in nothing but the total Subverlion of all lawful Government.

'Fo express also to His Majesty, our firm Persuasion and just Confidence, that this moll extravagant and' outrageous Attempt will prove as impotent as it js wicked; that, instead of answering the Purposes for which it appears to have been calculated, it will, on the contrary, lerve to excite, in His faithful Subjects, the Abhorrence of such dangerous Practices; to unite them more firmly in their zealous Attachment to His Majesty’s Person and Government, and in a due Reverence for the Authority of the Legislature; and laiily, that, in Consequence of His Majesty’s Directions to prosecute the Authors of this infamous Libel, it will bring such Punishment upon those who shall be found guilty of so atrocious a Crime, as the Laws of their Country have prescribed, and as the public Justice and Safety shall demand.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw* up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, be the said Committee.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1764, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

t

k

3

15

; VOL.

Ordnance

EllUlUtC.

686

Decembris.

A.

*7^3.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Tear 1764.

Pay of Civil Office rs , and Artificers at N

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehousesr, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries,

and incident Charges -

Gibraltar and North Britain -

Minorca, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 4th February 1763 -

St. John’s, Fair, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia in Newfoundland ^Annapolis Royal -Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery; viz.

5 Companies in North America, confiding of 535 Men, £. s. d.

Officers included ----- 14,045 5 —

z6 Companies at Minorca, Gibraltar, Neufoundlaud,

Nova Scotia, and Great Britain, reduced to 1,507 Men, Officers included ----- 49,211 15 —

EflnblifLment of (he Academy at Woolw - - - . EstabMinnent of the laboratory at Woolwich -Pay of luperannnated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the 1 rains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the Fuji and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced - w

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and re- 1 pairing Storehouses, and sup-

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Gibraltar Minorca Annapolis Royal Placentia

plying Stores at

St. John's, Fetryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland -

Towards creating the new Fort at Arderfeer Point, near fnverness Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks in Scotland ----- _

Towards building and repairing f Sheerness and Gillingham Fortifications at - - Pand

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -Towards eroding a new Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings neceilaiy thereto, at Pur fleet in Efex -

Towards erecting a Storehouse for containing a large Train of Artillery, with the necessary Stores thereunto belonging, on the Gun Wharf at

Portsmouth.....-

Pay ofivil Officers and Artificers at New York - -

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissiaries, Condu<5iors and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America -

Two hundred 'I ons of Salt Petre - - t

Vxpence of Services performed, purfqant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Pari lament in 1763.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers established at Minorca, from ill to 31st December 1763, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 4th February 1763 - - - < $94 7 6

Bedding sent for Use of the Garrison at Minorca, pur-fnantto His Majesty’s Warrant 29th April 2 763; also Surveying Instruments and Artificers Took - 5>424 2 5

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, from ill Ja nuartito 31st December 1763 - , *

Pav of Officers and Artificers at the Islands of Guadeloupe

viaue from ill January to 31st October 1763; and Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for defraying the Services there incurred ' "

L- d.

36,256 12 6 i*>49 18 —

1,360 7 —

1,102 11 6

613 1 --

8,093 17 6

63.257 —

1,000 —

.867 5"

7,357 10 —

6.000 —

3.393 -

1.000 — —

500-----

1.000 — 10,000 — —

1.000 — —

5°°-----

2.000 — —

1.000 -

7.000 — —

3,000 — -51a ft —

6,276 18 — 9,000 — —

C *. d.

120,898 t €

52,182

6 -

6,318

374

9 11 6

601 19 3

£ 173,080 8

Money

i° Decentbrls.

4 Geo. III.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange; drawn by, and Sums advanced to, the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, for Contingencies - -

Pav of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants on the Train jpf Artillery at the Havannah, to 31 October 1763, and Contingencies - . -

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and Attendants on the Train of Artillery at Belleijle, to 3 1 July 1763, and Contingencies Hire of Horses. Conductors, and Drivers for the Train of Artillery in Germany, with the Charge of Horses that died in Service, between 1 January and 24 February 1 763, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant, 7 November 1760; -

Also for Contingencies of the said Train, with the Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, to 31 July -

2I»775 1

s. d.

9,598 16 7

For which Services there hath been granted in Estimate 1763 - -

3I»373 17 7

’ 19*977 1 —

The Half-pay of Officers reduced, and the Pay of superannuated and di fabled Men, of the lloyal Regiment of Artillery, put on the Lift ft nee 1 January 1763; also Pensions to the Widows of a Colonel of Artillery, and of a Captain of Engineers; pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 18th April and 23d 1763 -

To Balance of the Account of John , Esquire, being his Pay

as Major in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1 ft March 1755, to 31 (1 December 1757-

Pay of One Quarter Master, from 30 June, and One Quarter Master, from 1 ft October, and of a Chaplain to the 3d Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 30th September to 31st December. 1763 -

' Towards finiffiing the Barracks to lodge Troops within the Lines at Chatham, for Security and Defence of the Dock -Towards erecting New Redoubts in the Bland of pursuant to

his late Majesty’s Order in Council, 28th July 1758 -To the African Committee, for the Hire of Slaves employed infinishing

the Fort at Annamaboe, and the Expence of lauding Materials Or-

dnance and Stores, between ill April 1760, and 30th April 1761 -Arms delivered to the 23d Regiment of Foot, also Drums and Halberts to the Three Regiments of Guards in lieu of the like Number loft and worn out in actual Service, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 21st May, nth and 20th June, and 25th July 1763 -

Arms, Accoutrements and Ammunition delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Merioneth, Radnor, , and

also Arms to the Wil(/hireMilitia; in lieu of the like Number worn out, and rendered unserviceable; pursuant to His Majesty’s Order*, 3d January, 6th February, 30th March, 14th April, and 11 tli May, 1763 ——

Ammunition delivered for the Annual Exercise of Fourteen Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order, 18th

1763 - - '....

Anns and Ammunition delivered for Service of the French Protestants going to settle in the Province of South Carolina, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 16th November 1763

George Townshend, Charles Frederick, E. Winnington,

If.R. Earle, Charles Cocks.

68 7

1 d-

10,156 17 4

9,346 14 9

1,075 7 9

d.

11,396 16 7

1,381 3

578 9 6

114 2 — i,86o — 3 752 *7 11

226 4 "*

221 12 —

3,823 — 4 601 — 1

53°

10 —

5*>359 8 1

2*5>439 r6 7

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Ta- Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay, for the Yeas ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1764:

Half wv Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-EffinSc. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

And the Title of the said Estimate was read. The said Estimate is as followelh; via.

VOL. 29.

SM

ESTIMATE

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of Half-pay to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land forces, foP Days, from 29th-December1763, to 24th 1764; botir include.

For One Day’s Half-pay to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, according to the Old Establishment preceding the

the late Reduction, amounting to....

From which deduct the Half-pay of sundry Officers, who are either ' dead or promoted, amounting to -

Total Diem - -

Which for 366 Days amounts to -

For One Day’s Allowance to the Officers of the reduced Horse, according to the Old Ejftabliffiment, amounting to -

From which deduCl the; Allowance to sundry Officers, who hare since died, amounting to- -

Total per Diem - -

Which for 366 Days amounts to - -

For the Annual Allowance to 12 private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse (Guards, at £. 10 per Annum each

For 80 private Gentleipen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at the Rate of -jd. per Diem each - -

Total for 366-Days - -

For 366 Days Half-pay to the reduced Officer* of His Majesty’s Land roiws, reduced and flifoaaded in the Year x 763, at ^. 313. 5 j. 4

For 366 Days Half-p^y to the reduced Staff Officers and Officers belonging to the Hospital*, at £.29. for.

£. $. d.

91 7 6

8 17 10

<82 9 8

mm m

522

4 9

114,655 12 — 10,800 .1 —

Total for Half-pay, Anno 1764 -

War-Office, December ill, 1763.

* d.

30,188 x8 —

»*Cjx 15 —

1^0-----

854 -

i«6.455 13- —

1^8,250 6 —

r. EUis.

Kik

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by ihe Members of the House.

VrWilege; The (Lo^ North Reported from the Committee Mr. Wilkes, appointed this Day to, draw up an Address to be presented That the Committee had drawn

up an Address accordingly, which they had directed ( him te report to the House; and he read the same in

hi his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s must dutiful and faithful Subjects, the Conomousi*

Parliament afleml>led, having taken into our Confide^ ration a kte false, scandalous, Editions jEibel, intituled " the North Briton, N* 45," think it o$r ipfdif-penfable Duty to express our Surprise and Indignation at finding, that neither the Public nor Private Virtue, which so eminently entitle Your Majesty to the highest Veneration, as well as the moll grateful and loyal

Attachment of all Your Subjects; nor the gracious Expressions of Your tender Care and Aflection for Your People, ih Your Majesty’s Speech from the 1

Throne, at the End of the hiil Session of Parliament; which has been thus imfamously traduced; should have been sufficient to secure Your Majesty from so insolent and unexampled an Indignity.

Such, indeed, has been Your Majesty’s uniform Ad- ,/!*

herence to the Principles of our happy Confutation; and such the taoibterrupted Harmony and good Corre- ‘"’is

spondence between Your Majesty and Your Parliament; that it is no Wonder to fee, that the same audacious Hand, which hath dared thus grossly to affront Your Majesty, should, at the same Time, violate die other sacred Regard* prefer ibed by the Laws and Constitution of this Country; aspersing and calumniating /S'

every Branch of the Legislature; and endeavouring to 'u

excite, amongst aft Rank* of Yofcr Majesty’s Subjects, such a Spirit of Discord and Disobedience, as could end in nothing but the total Subversion of afi lawful Government.

Permit

Vivile^e ir. WiikfJ.

Answer to

Adtirefi

ter

Eilimate.

Time pointed for receiving Address.

Privilege; ir. Wilkes.

4 Geo. III. i ° — Decembris.

Permit us a Ifo to exp refs to your Majesty, onr firm concerned in att^Puklifhrng

Persuasionaadjuft Confidence, that thiamost extravagant and the House being informfd, that there is Evidence and outrageous Attempt will prove as impotent us it ready to be produced atthe Rsjr, charging tha fc^id. Mr. is wicked; that, indead of answering those Purposes Wilkes with being the Author and Publisher of the

for which it appears to have been calculated, it will, said printed Paper j and that the said Mr, Wilkes is at on the contrary, serve to excite, iuYour faithful Sub- present unable, apon Account of hi* Health, to attend Jects, the Abhorrence of such dangerous Practices j his Duty in this House; to unite them more firmly in their zealous Attachment Ordered, That the said Mr, Wilkes do attend this to Your Majesty's Person and Government, and in House, in his Place, to answer the said Charge, upon a due Reverence for the Authority of the Lqgillature; this Day Sevenniglit, if his Health will then permit, and la lily, that, inConsequence of Year Majesty’* Directions to prosecute the Authors of this infamous A Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Libel, it will bring such Punishment upon those who Mr. Lane: flui!I be found guilty of so atrocious a Crime, as the Mr. Speaker,

Laws of their Country have prescribed, and as the The Lords desire a present Conference with this public Justice and Safety shall demand. House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject

The said Addrefe being read a Socond Time. Matter of the tail Conference.

Rejoiced, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth And then the Meflenarers withdrew,

agree with the Committee in the said Address to be That this Htmfe doth agvee to a Confit*

presenteil to His Majesty. rence with the Ix>rd.s, as isdefired by their LoKMiips.

Ordered, That the Concurrence of the Lords be de- And the Messengei-s were again called inland Mr, fired to the said Addrelk Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the said A ddress, and also, the Refo- And then the again withdrew,

hit ion of the House of this Da y," That the printed Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last " Paper, intituled " the North Britoa, X° 45," which Conference, do manage this Conference.

" was cototuunicated to the Lords at the last Confe- And the Names of the Managers Wete cftHod over;

" rence, be burnt by the Hands of the common Hang- and they went to the Conference.

" man, at the Royal Exchange, ia London, upon And being returned;

-Saturday next, at One of the Clock; and that the The Lord North repotted, that the Managers had Sheriff, of Ixmdon do then attend, and cause the same met the Lords at the Conference; which WAs to Ac*

to be burnt there accordingly," f>e commameuteU to quaint this House, I'hut the Lords have agreed to the Lords at a Conference. tile Relofutiou communicated by the Commons at the

Ordered, That a Conference be deli red with the last: Conference; and haMj directed tills Paper ~to be Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Cause- . transmitted to the Sherifft of to be btffttf 3C-

rence. corditigly; that their Lordships have also agreed'totbfe -

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do go to the Lords, Address, communicated at the said Conference, by fill-and desire the said Conference. ing up the Blank* with "Lords Spiritual and Teth-

popal, ami"

The Lord Strange reported. That he had, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same prefeutly, in tlte Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last. Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Tlte Lord North reported, that the Managers had been tit the Conference with the Lords; and had left the said Address and Refutation with their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made to the Hcrnfe, upon TneRtay the 15th Day of Note miter

last; in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Mertiber of this House, be heard upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Privilege 5 Mr. Wilke*.

Ditto*

Ix>rd Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of TueJ'daylaft, that His Majesty would be graciously pica ltd to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly. \ BILL for repairing and widening fho Roa£ from shilliodbrd,

A in the County through &c.

I^ord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that His Wallingford and to in the Con nty of

Majesty haying been waited upoa, pursuant to the Or* Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames der of TueJ'day. last, humWy to know His Majody’s at or near; was read a Second Time.

Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended Refelved, That the Bifl be corntnlrfed to Mr. by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be at- fitrtte, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bullin', Sir Charles ffordaunt, tended Tomorrow, at aQunrter of an Hour past One of Mr. James Butler, Mt. Wiibr(therm Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, the Clock in the Afternoon, at His PalaaeafSurnt Jeanes, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Thomas Howard, Mr.. IpUab Harvey,

Mt. Begot, Mr. Dyfim, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Duke, Mr.,

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Jenkinson, Sir William, Bcairchafnp PfotbT, Mr. Sir' further Consideration the Matter communicated by John Philipps, Mr; Mr. u Ml*. Alderman

His Majesty’s Message of Tuesday the 15^1 Day of No- Dickinson, Mr. Mr. John Richmond Webb, Mr.

vember last; Wedderbum, Mr. Sir Roger Mr. Mor-

And Notice being taken, that in the Examinations ton, Sir Francis Knollys, Mr. Sandys. Sir Jarrit Smith, laid before this House relating to the printed Paper, in- Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Upton, Mr. Byde, Sir Thomas Cave, tituled " the NorthBriton, N? 45," John Wilkes, Esquire, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vanjittart, a Member of this House, is mentioned as having Mr. Townfield, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who Vol. 29. serve

Vmens, 29die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III^Hegis, 1763. Praters.

6$o

Decembris.

A. 1763.

serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxon, Bucks, Southampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read; ,

S«PPlv. Resolved, That this House will, at half an Hour after Two of the Clock, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till half an Hour ?rter Two of the Clock, this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Time His Majesty hath appointed Monday next, at a Quar-appomted for ter after One of the Clock in the Afternoon, to be Addreftf ^tended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, at his Palace of; and that the Lords

intend to be there at that Time: And likewise.

That the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Covert; to which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Caflav’c Nat. '

The King’s Answer to Addrtfi.

And the said Bill was read the FirstTifne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next. *

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Ltince, 5° die Decembris;

Anno 4® Georgii III11'Regis, 1763. Prayiri.

AN ingrafted Bill for Naturalizing William Dunant, John Chrificui Schrciber, and Jonas Duel, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing William Duiiant, John ChrijUan Schreiber, and Jonas Duel.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received this Afternoon.

an« otim,

N«.

Supply,

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House had attended His Majesty with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

; . Gentlemen, 1

I. thank you for this dutiful and affectionate Address; and have great Satisfaction in receiving from you this new Instance of your personal Regard for Me and My Family.

Supply. The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve . itself into a Committee of the whole House, at half an Hour after Two of the Clock, this Afternoon, to consider . of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whqle House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A«adif Mr. Ator.pfefented to the House. according to

Highways. Order, a Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour: And the fame

was received.. -

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have leave to make a Mo*

tion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he.movedthe House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House ivill, at half an Hour after ‘ p. Two of the Clock, this Afternoon^resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tire Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the I louse adjourned till Two of the Clock, this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem*

AMefiage from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire that this House will give Leave t Tlwljors Mr. Alderman Harley, One of the Sheriffs of the City defir- ian of London, a Member of this House, to attend their f«ri Lordships Tomorrow, in order to give an Account of the Obstructions made to the Execution of an Order of both Houses of Parliament, on Saturday lait.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Mr. Alderman Harley, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords Tomorrow, if he thinks fit, to give an Account of the Ob-structions made to the Execution of an Order of both Houses of Parliament on Saturday last.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Meir.ber to attend tiKQl,

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majestys Ships, for the Year 1764.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; vix.

Nstt

EltinuO

An

mate of what m»y

be necessary

for the B»Myr?±"hieHouse'of Common, dated the

Navy-Office, ad 1763. k

f,r the Year 1764; prepared in ptirfuunce of au Order from the

Ion ill.

Chatham

Port/rmouth

Plymouth.

CO

g

cq"

H-

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Rivec Thames

Hai'wich Milford Hull -

64

ioo 9°

64 7 O’ 24 64

5° 9° 84

80 74

r

64 100

MERCHANTS 74

64 74

64

cyn -

:l

- -i

Monarch - -

Magnificent -Marlborough -Queen - -

Canada -Triumph -Prudent -Captain -Fiftonj London Barfleur -Raifanable-Budtingham Ajax - -AJla

Warwick -Namur Royal William V PrincejsAmelia Courageux Boyn - - - Trident - *i . Royal George > Union - -

Cambridge - j

YARDS. Z?«^Z - - -1 Suffolk - -!

Invincible - -

67. Albans Rob 11ft

PrinceoflVale Ardent - -Europa - - ,

Nature of their Rrp^*-

Building

Building - 1 2

[Large

Building -

Large - - - '

Building Small -

- - e

Middling -Small

Building -Small

Take-11 w ! a:id.

Building -

In band

In hand -

In baftfl 1

la hand

in hand

In hand

May next -January next April next -In hand

In hand ~ »

June next -

March next

In hand

In hand

o

o

o

00

0"

ABSTRACT: 1

For the Hulls of the Slripa - - £.208,939.

Rigging and Stores - - 47,80a

Total - £.256,739

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred Fifty-six thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds.

G. Cokburne.Tho. SladeW, Bately, E, T. Brett. R. OJbom. R. Temple.

cti to be Charge of rheir TOTAL

( 1 luii‘. Malls, and Y.kHs. 1 Ragging and Stores.

Completed.

January 1765 - £. 15,000 1. £ 15,000

ISe/dr. 1765 - - 5*°°o — — 5,000

( Jail/ 1766^ - g,oooo — 3,000

.Septr. 1766 - - 3,000 — 3,000

) February 1763 - 9/100 — — 9,000

1 January next 1,000 3,000 4,000

(_ February 1766 - J/JOO — — 1,000

Mm/1765 - - 5,000 5,000

September next - 9,000 4,000 13,000

March 17 b 5 8,t>oo — — 8,000

March 1766 4,000 — — - 4,006

Uncertain - - 1/100 — — 1,000

Sej)/r. 1763. - - 6/100 — 6,000

Uncertain - - 1,000 - — — 1,000

| March next - - 5,000 2,700 7,700

\ March 1765 8,000 — 8,000

( December 1764 - 4»2S3 1,700 53

f April next - - 2,000 1,200 3,200

February 1765 - 6,000 6,000

April next - - 5,000 2,700 7,700

1 March 17 63 7,000 — — 7,000

I Uncertain - - 3,000 ~ — 3,000

, December 1764 - 2,5°° i,7°o 4,200

' June next - - 6,000 1^200 7,200

(February 1765 - 9,000 % — — 9,000

rAugujl next - - 10,032 3>7°° 1^73

Augujlnext - - 9,658 &700 i3>35*

July next - - 13,240 2>7°° 15,940

June next - - 8,886 2,700 11,586

August next - - i3>°54 4>7°° 17>754

August next - - I2.436 4> 700 17B36

May next - - - 6,589 3,700 10,2 89

June next - - - 6,291 2,700 8,991

s* 1 1 I *4 208,939 47,800 25^>739

Ok

SO

Geo. III. 50 Dectmbris.

The King'i Answer to

Addrefi.

Supply.

Accounts; Rum and Brandy.

Nett Receipt of the Customs.

Vessels in the Smuggling Service.

5° Decembris. A. 1763.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, that both Houses had attended His Majesty with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give tins most gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The very affectionate Zeal which you express for the Vindication of My Honour, and your declared Refo-Jution to support the Authority of Parliament, cannot fail of being extremely grateful to Me: It has been hitherto, and it always shall be. My Care, to regulate My Conduct according to the Principles of the Coniti-tution: I will not therefore be wanting in carrying the Laws into Execution, against all who shall presume to violate any of those Principles; and, in this Resolution, I doubt not of receiving the hearty Concurrence and Support, both of My Parliament and My People.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty thou fund Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of her Royal Highness the Prineefs Augusta, His Majesty’s eldest Sifter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-seven Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of Her Royal Highness the Prineefs Augusta, His Majesty’s eldest Sifter.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Brandies and Rum imported, from Midsummer 1761, to Midsummer 1762; and from Midsummer 1762, to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Article, and each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum exported, from Midsummer 1761, to Midsummer 1762; and from Midsummer 1762, to Midsummer 1763; distin-guishing each Year, and specifying the Places to which the same have been exported,

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Nett Receipt of the Customs, from Midsummer 1761, to Midsummer 1762; and from Midsummer 1762, to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Article, mid each Year.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all such of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, as are now employed in the Smuggling

Service, inserting their particular Stations, their Built, Burthen, Draught of Water, when complete for Service, Complements of Men, and the particular Orders and Instructions they have received; as also an Account of all such Ships or Vessels as are now building, either in His Majesty’s Yards, or by Contract, and defined for the said Smuggling Service; together with an Estimate of the Expence of building and fitting out each separate Vessel so employed, or designed to be employed, on that Service;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " inserting their " particular Stations."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and the particular Orders and Infiructions they have received."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, thus amended, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, this Afternoon, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1763, to the 24th Day of December 1764, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge cf His Majesty’s Forces serving in the Plantations, including thofein Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1763, to 24th December 1764, both Dap inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Halfpay, for the Year 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Subsidies due to the reigning Duke of for the Year 1764, pursuant to Treaties, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a T reaty between His Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brunswic, concluded and signed at Marpurg the 14th of January 1760, and Translation, which were preliented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Ulterior Conveution between His Majesty and the reigning Duke of Bruqf-unc, concluded and signed at March 5th

1760, and of the Declaration thereto annexed, and Transiation, which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration referred to in the Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brunswic, signed at March

5U1 1760, and Transiation, which were presented to the House upon the 13th Day of 1760, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the reigning Duke of Brunswic Lu-

neburgh,

Wiji

and

Meant.

fkkii

Indol

hind

Mod

4 Geo. III. 50 — 6°.

neburg, concluded and signed at Brunjioic the i oth Aug uf 1761, and Translation, which were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of December 1761, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1764, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1764 ,be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-nii;tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing ne*xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii Iir" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a bill, pursuant to the -Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. V1a lie, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Shafloe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he reiul the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the ..Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Lcivis Jones, Esquire, being examined, said, that the Parish of Hackney is large and populous, and greatly exposed to Robberies, and Outrages; which would in a great measure be prevented, if the said Parish was lighted, and a regular Watch established.

That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous^ and might be put under much better Regulations than they are at present, with Respect both to their Relief and Employment; but that the Inhabitants are unable to defray the Expences necessary for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and of lighting and watching the said Parish, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Mr. Dann confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly Watch therein: And that Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Heckington

Inclosure.

Staindrop

Inclosure.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord lolo Bertie, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mr. Bailer, Mr. Walter, Mr. ArmjtedParkSir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Townshend, Sir John St, Aubin, Mr. Fuller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Manners, Sir George Yonge, Mr. James BrudeneU, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hume, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr.

Mr. Hewett, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Willy, Mr. JackJ’on, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Shiftier, Sir George Savile, Mr. South-well, Mr. Gore, Mr: Staunton,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Byde, Lord Mr. Loivther,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Che'wynd, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Cooke, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Walcott, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Va ne;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Earl of Dar-

lington, Lord of the Manor of Raby, with Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and of the several Freeholders within the Township of Staindrop aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, having a Right of Common on a Moor, called Staindrop Moor, was presented to the - House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Moor or Common, containing by Estimation Five hundred Acres, and upwards, at present yields little Profit, but is very capable of Improvement when inclosed: and alleging, that the Persons interested are willing and desirous that the same should be divided and inclefed: And therefore praying, that Leave may b« giventobring iu a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid Vol. 29.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Govert CaJJau, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Roger Newdigate, Baronet, Lord of the several Manors in the Parish of Coton, in

the County of Wanvick, and Impropriator of the great Tythes arising out of the Lands of the said Parish, and also a Proprietor of the greatest Part of the said Lands, the Reverend Christopher Preston, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish Church, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 011 behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Open and Common Fields, Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Grounds and Lands in the Parish of Chilvers Coton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners lie intermixed, and dispersed in the said Fields; and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and the said Commons or Waste Grounds are now but of small Advantage; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Waste Grounds were divided and inclol’ed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor, according to their respective interests therein, it would tend to the Advantage of all the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, and Sir Walter Wag-Jtajf Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Brown, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Horbling, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Thomas Wilbcrfofs, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Horbling, and others, Proprietors Lands in the said Manor and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Hackney

Nightly

Watch,

See.

CalTau’*

Nat.

Chilvera

Coton

Inclosure.

Horbling

inclosure.

Ihrtjr on Excite and Perry.

6° Decembris. A. 1^6

scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, in the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Fields and Meadows, containing about i,600 Acres, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed anddifperfed in small Parcels, and are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and alleging, that there is, in the said Manor and Parish, a large Common Fen, containing near One Thousand Acres, which is frequently overflowed, and of very littfe Service to those who have Right of Common thereupon; and that if the said Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, were divided and inclosed, and the said Fen properly imbanked and drained, the Whole might be improved to the greatest Advantage of all the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine (lie Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brmnilow Bertie, Mr.

- Chaptin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr.

Ilume, Sir George Savile, Mr. Abraham Hume, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Manners, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. James Brudencll, Sir Charles Mr. Brand,

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hewed, Mr. Dorvdcfuell, Mr. Ni-

.cholfon Calvert,'Lord George Sackville, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Whiclicot, Mr. Alderman General Stan-

wix,. Mr. Fuller, Sir John Turner, Mr. Blackstone, General Bofcaicen, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cust, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Parker Mr. Willy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr. Byde, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Shiffner Sir John Philipps, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Beji, Mr. Gray, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Loio/her; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the City and County of the City of Exeter, met at the Guildhall of the said City the 12th . Day of November t 763, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being, by their Situation in the Heart of one of the principal Cyder Counties, Eye Witnesses of the great Distress already brought on that County by the new Duty of Excise laid on Cyder and Perry, by an Act pafl'ed in the laliSelfion of Parliament, beg Leave to represent, that its Continuance mull inevitably be attended with the , moll ruinous Consequences, in which the Petitioners . the.nselves will also be deeply involved; and that the Amount, of the said new Duty will, taking one Year with another, be at least equal to the whole Rent of those Lands, on the Product of which it is laid; and that, inch the largest Proportion of the Amount of the said Duty, falls on the ordinary kind of Cyder, consumed by the Land Occupier, his Family, and La-. bourers, and by the poorer Sort of People; and that it must therefore of Necessity affett very injuriously the whole Agriculture of that Part of the Kingdom, already much inure expensive than that of almost any other Part of it, from the Dearness of Manure, and the peculiar Manner of Cultivation, which the Nature of the Soil, and the Circumstances of the Lands absolutely require; that the Price of that Cyder, when it can be fold, foaree ever exceeds the double Amount of - the Duty, and in very plentiful Years is less than even the Duty itself, and that it is therefore utterly incapable of bearing this very heavy Burthen; the unavoida-. ble Coulcquence of which will be* the reducing the . Land Occupier to the Necessity of abandoning for the future that Part of his Cultivation, and of substituting in its Place a Malt Liquor of such Quality, as will be much cheaper to him; and the Land Owner, to that of submitting to such an Abatement in his Kent, as will leave such Orchards on the same Foot, in yearly Value, as other Lands; and that the Cyder made for Sale usually bears a Price considerably higher than such Malt Liquor, as would fully an liver the same Purposes; and therefore can near no additional Burthen by any Duty whatever, since the whole of such Burthen must ne-cellarily fall as a Dead Loss upon the Grower, who will of Course lav bold of the first Opportunity of throwing it upon the Land Owner; and that, as the Rents of the Land Owner will be thereby funk, at least, Ten per Cent, at a Medium, though fti'l charged with the same Land Tax, and public Assessments of every kind as before, he will* in his Turn, find it his Interest to get rid of the great and now useless Expence of supporting his Orchards; and will therefore cither immediately eradicate them, or at least suffer them gradually to decay; and thus tl»e Product, both of the Orchards ami the Duty, will in a few Years be equally annihilated, and the Lands employed to some other Culture; and that the present Duty on Cyder, is considerably higher than double the Duty paid on Malt and Hops for the same Quantity of Malt Liquor, of nearly the same Quality, and applicable to the same Lies; and that the laying a Duty upon Plantations, already made at an immoderate Expence, and which appear to be intitled in common Justice to the same Exemption from being taxed, as a Stock of Goods of any kind, laid in by the Trader, especially where there cannot be the least hope of a Reimbursement, seems contrary to that Spirit of Equity, by which our Laws have been hitherto distinguished, and must prove an effectual Bar to every future attempt towards further Improvements; and that this moil extraordinary Extension of the grievous Hardships and Rigours of the Excite Laws, to the Houses and Property of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Freeholder's, Farmers, and even of many of the Cottagers, not only deprives at once a very considerable Part of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects of the most valuable Privileges derived to them /H>m our excellent Constitution, but must equally alarm the whole Kingdom, by establishing an unanswerable Precedent for ev°ry future Extension of those Laws, which may be projected till that Extension becomes universal: And therefore praying the House to take the Preitvfes into their fei ious Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the High Sheriff1, Justices of Peace, Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Cornwall, assembled at the Affixes

heM at Bodmyn, for the said County, the 30th Day of July 1763: And also.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Devon, and of others holding and occupying Lands within the said County, assembled at a general Meeting held at the Castle of Exeter, the 8th Day of November 1763: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, and Assistants, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants,'of the Town and Borough of Oin the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, within the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve and Inhabitants of the Borough of Iloniton, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, . Aldermen, and Capital Burgefl’es, of the Borough and Parish of Bamjiaple, ifi the County of

Devon,

4 Geo. III. 6° Decembris.

Supply.

Devon, on behalf of themselves, and their Neighbours in the Country adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor or Portreeve, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Callinglon, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Farmers, in the County of Hereford: And also, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Hereford:And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Somerfef, assembled at the Assizes held at the City of Wells, the 6th Dav of August 1763, and other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and very many others, the Inhabitants, and Proprietors of Lands in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Magistrates, Common Council, Freemen, and Freeholders, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and Landholders, residing near the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Portpigham, otherwise Wrjl Looe, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed:

Were also severally presented to the House, and read: Representing to the House many Grievances, which the Petitioners allege themselves and others are subjected to, both with respect to the said Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as fullovvet h; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Thirty-two ( fleetive Men, Comir.iftion and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. not exceeding Six hundred Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence and Seven-Eighths of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Thirty-two effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jo-fey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Quebec; for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Vol. 29.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand One hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty,-upon Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-five thousand Four hundred Fifty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces reduced and disbanded in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty three, and such as are to be reduced and disbanded, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the i'everal Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Ilorfe Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ®f this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Nine hundred One Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence and Five-Elevenths of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-eight thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to Flis Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThree thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, lor carrying on the Building of Four Houses, lor the Officers of the Hospital lately erected at Plymouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greemvich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, wholhall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sunt; not exceeding One hundred and Seventy-three thousand and Eighty Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, lor Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Three hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three.

8 0 The

GOO;

6q6

6° — 70 Dec

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A. 176$.

Messengers withdrew, this House doth agree to a Con-Lords, as is desired by their Lord-

And then the Resolved, That ference with the ships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord North, Lord Strange, Lord Can/fort, Mr. Forrester, Lord

Amending

Highway).

The Bill for amending the Highways by AsselT- Charles Spencer, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr,

L 4 It M C! «» T*\ T _ a a — _ _ J ▼ / f H 4* I /< '»'* ft 1 € \ M I w/ 1 11\ /« /1 /V Ml A \ a* O / v-w ya /» /7 Z' 1

Billcfdon Irtv loiurc*

ments, instead of the Six Days, Labour, was read Second Time.

llcfolved. That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* die Decembris \

Anno 40 Georgii III. Regis, 1763. Prayer s.

A PETITION of the several Proprietors of Land,

and Persons otherways interested, in the Open and Common Fields of BiUefdon, in the County of Leicester,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of ....

them fives, and the rest of the Proprietors of Land peace, dangerous to the Liberties of this Country, and

__^ 1 L <» /*f r% /*» ii/ti ft* /*% n P/j 1 /I 4* A/ 1 41 /r\ I r) O AX 1 /X \ /* 1 T . a - 1 T m i« I x I A

James Harris, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Blackstone, General Conway, 'Sir. Nor they, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Dyjim, Mr. Rigby, Doctor Ilay, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Oswald, Sir FrancisDajhivood, Lord Calherlough, Lord Thomond, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord George Sackvil/e, Sir Boger Lord

Frederick Campbell.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; which was to acquaint this House, that the Lords having received Information from the Sheriffs of London, of a riotous and tumultuous Meeting of great Numbers of People on Saturday Iaft, who abused and infilled the said Sheriffs, and endeavoured to obstruct them in carrying into Execution an Order of both Houses of Parliament, for burning "the North Briton, N* 45," their Lordships have come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That all Persons concerned in the Riot, at the burning of "the North Briton, N° 45," on Saturday lad, their

Aiders and Abettors, are Perturbators of the public

and Persons intcrefled therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Land of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed; and that it would be greatly advantageous to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share allotted to each Person

Obstructorsof theNational Justice: To which Resolution their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House. And the said Report being road;

Ordered, That Mr. Sheriff llarlcy be desired to attend in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Richard Blunt, Esquire, One of the

interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave site riffs of the City of London, do attend this House, may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes T0.,n0irow Morning

Duty on Jixcise and Perry.

aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant. to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, Mi-. John Ruder, and Sir JarritSmith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Fuji Looe, in the County of Cornwall, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Ilepresenting to the 1 Ioufe, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of col hefting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Coufideratiou; and to give l’uch Relief therein, as to the IJioufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Riot on The Lords desire a prefeot Conference with this

l*aper'called ^ou^e» !n Painted Chamber, upon a Matter highly

the concerning the Honour and Authority of both Houses North Briton, of Parliament, and the public Justice of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Ofmond One of the City

Marshals, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathan Carrington do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Fall do attend this I louse, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. David Bell do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Collins do attend this,

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Doctor Brodiejby Privilege; a Physician, and Mr. Graves, a Surgeon, were at- Mr. Wilkn. tending at the Door, who could give the House some Information relating to the Indisposition Wilkes,

Esquire, a Member of this I louse;

1 bey were severally called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the present State of the said Mr. Wdkes's Health.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Thursdaylaft, for John II ilkes, Esquire, to attend this House, in his Place, lo-morrow, to answer the Charge mentioned in the said Order, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly';

Ordered,

4 Geo. III. 7* — 8a Decembris. 697

Privilege; Mr. Wilkes.

Ways

and

Means.

'i,

lb:

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilkes do attend this House, in his Place, to answer the said Charge, upon Friday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Inllant cember, if his Health will then permit.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon ThurJ'daylaft, for hearing upon Tomorrow Morning the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 15th Day of November last, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against John Esquire, a Member of this House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard upon Friday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant December.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonlook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonalfo acquainted the House,

that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that

they may have Leave to fit again.

liefolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wiiys and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

BeJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

JoviS) 8* die;

HI*" Regis, 1763.

Anno

Georg a

Prayers.

Dunbar Two Pennies Scois.

r

A PETITION of the Magistrates and Council of "A the Town of Dunbar, was presented to the House,

and read; Taking Notice of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the I'irft, and the 10th "S car of the Reign of his late Majesty, for a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part, of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Peer, that should be vended or sold within the said Town, for improving and preferring the Harbour, repairing the Town House, and building a School and other Public Buildings there v and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water; and alleging, t hat the said Duty has been expended in carrying on the Public Works, for which the same was granted; and that considerable progress has been made therein; but that not only the said Duty, but also the Town Revenues, are very much incumbered and burthened thereby; and as the said Act expires this p re lent Session of Parliament, the respective works directed to be done for the Service of Vot. 29.

the Town, and the Public Good, mull remain unfinished; and what has been already done, the Petitioners apprehend, will go to decay, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts be further prolonged, and made more effectual: And therefore praying.

That the said Acts may be further continued, for fuel) Terms, and made more effectual, under such Regulations as to the I louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh D air ample, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Sheriff Harley, Mr.

Dundas, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wood, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Colonel Craufurd, Mr. Ann fled Parker, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Bo Mr Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lord

worth, Mr. Parker, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Anthony Abdxj, Mr. Shiftier, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Kurt hey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Foley, Sir Mr. Thomas Howard, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Holt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Byde, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Pryce, Mr. Champion, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hutchins, M r.Chetnnjnd, Mr. Mr. Onfoie, Mr.

Mawbey, Mr Gore, Mr. Wynne; and all the Members

who servefor North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ami Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of in

the County of Sit folk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with and contributing to the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor, within the said Hundred, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Hundred have of late Years greatly increased, are now very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a much greater F.xpence and Charge than formerly; and dating to the House many Advantages, which the Petitioners allege would arise from the granting of proper Powers, for the better governing and regulating (he Poor within the said Hundred, and the providing a Place for their general Reception: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes,- Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and lii leal tie Underwoods, within the said Hundred of Blything, with such Provisions, Authorities,

and Powers therein, for the better maintaining, relieving and governing the Poor, within the said Hundred, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider.ition of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bunhurt;. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr.

Muivbey, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wood, Mr. Sir

ward Turner, Mr Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Tracey, Lord

Mr. Foley, Sir Bichard Wa Mr. Stevens, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Forrester, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Harvey, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Tucker, Sir Alex-

ander Grant, Mr. Parker, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Pye, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hutchins, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Burl, Lord Warkworlh, Mr. Norris, Mr. Lends, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Plummer ;and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk,

Blvthine

Boor.

698 8° Decentbris. A. 1763.

Essex, Cambridge, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per* fons. Papers, and Records.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Force*. the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while onShore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Tucker, Doctor Hay, and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Solinus’s A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Nat. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Andrew Solimis, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duty on A Petition of the Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Excise and holders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Coun-F«try. ty of Worcester, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants, and Proprietors of Lands, in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many other Proprietors of Lands, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, pafl’ed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect. to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Pretnifes into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

ant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, M r. James Harris, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr.

Whalely, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration, the Report of the Conference held Yesterday with the Lords.

And Mr. Alderman Harley, One of the Sheriffs of Ri«, the City of London, attending, according to Order, burning! in his Place, gave the House an Account of the Ob- fy* "W struction W’hich was given on Saturday last to the Exe-cution of the Order of botii Houses of Parliament, for burning the printed Paper, intituled, " the North " Briton, N* 45."

And another Member of the House did, in his Place, also inform the House of what he knew concerning that Matter.

Then Richard Blunt, Esquire, One of the Sheriffs of the City of London, and Mr. Ofinond Cooke, One of the City Marshals,'who were ordered to attend this House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined with relation to the said Matter.

And they severally withdrew.

And then another Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning the same Matter.

Then Mr. Alexander Fall, Mr. Nathan and Mr. Thomas Collins, who were also ordered to attend this House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined with relation to the same Matter.

And then they severally withdrew.

Then the Resolution of the Lords was read a Second Time.

Refoked, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Lords in the said Resolution.

And the Blank was fdled up with the Words "and Commons."

WaX. Mr. Alderman Dickinsonaccording to Order, re-Means. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Re-. solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Supply Rill Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, M»u Duties,’ That, towards raising the Supply granted to HisMa-tlQ' jesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of Jane 1764, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1764, to the 24th Day of June 1765.

Supply Bill? Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Land Tax. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from . the 25th Day of March 1764, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon and that a pro-

portionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the . Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursu-

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Strange do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Refoked, Nemine Contradicente, That the Sheriffs of TheSW

London and Middlesexhave conducted themselves with of LwW proper Spirit and Vigour in the Execution of the Orders of both Houses of Parliament, for burning "the North Briton, N° 45," on Saturday last: And that Mr. Speaker do return them the Thanks of this House for their good Behaviour therein.

And Mr. Alderman Harley, a Member of this House,

One of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, being in the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution; and gave him the Thanks of the House, accordingly, as followeth; viz.

Mr. Sheriff Harley,

Upon the Inquiry which this House has made, into a very high Insult lately offered to the Authority of Parliament, and the Laws of the Land, they could not pass by unnoticed, the zealous Endeavours of yourself and your worthy Colleague in Support of both: But, as I cannot better express the Sense, which this House has of your Conduct, on this Occasion, than in their own Words, I will read to you. Sir, the Resolution to which they have just now agreed.

Refoked, Nemine Contradicente, That the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex have conducted themselves with proper Spirit and Vigour, in the Execution of the Orders of both Houses of Parliament, for burning "the North Briton, N* 45," on Saturday last: And that Mr. Speaker do return them the Thanks of this House for their good Behaviour therein.

That

’> *$'

W;

Geo. III. 8* — o° Dece. 099

That Spirit of Licentiousness, which so unhappily prevails at present, however it may be disguisetl under the specious Name of Liberty, is diametrically opposite to, and fubvcrfive of, it; and unless a feasonable Check is put to this Spirit, it cannot fail of ending in Anarchy, the sure Forerunner of the rankest Tyranny and Def-potism.

True Liberty confifis in that Security, which the Laws and our happy Constitution give us, for our Persons, our Lives, and our Property; nor can this valuable Bleifing be preferred without a due Veneration for the legislative Authority of the Kingdom, and a perfect Obedience to the Law. Thefewill be kept up, if the civil Magistrates (especially those who fill that high and important Station, to which you have been called by your Fellow Citizens) faithfully discharge the Trull repo fed in them.

How great therefore, Sir, must your Merit be, who, in defence of Parliament and the Law, have, with a truly becoming Fortitude and Resolution, exposed your Person to the greatest Danger, from the Fury and Resentment of a lawless Mob. Such Merit is intitled to the highest Reward: You cannot receive a greater and more honourable one (and I am persuaded. Sir, you are of that Opinion) than the Approbation of live ' Commons of Great Britain.

The Commands of this House will be always obeyed by me with the greatest Pleasure, but I think myself particularly happy to receive them upon the prefect Occasion; I could only have wished I had not been so suddenly called upon, that I might have endeavoured at least, to have performed this Duty in a manner more suitable to the House as well as to yourself: However, in tl»e bell Manner I am able, upon so short a Recollection, I do, in Obedience to those Orders, return you, Sir, the unanimous Thanks of this House, for the Spirit and Vigour, with which you conduced yourself in the Execution of the Orders of b rth Houses of Parliament, for burning the North N* 4^, on

Saturday last.

Upon which Mr. Alderman Harley said,

Mr. Speaker,

It is with the greatest Difficulty I now rife, toexprefs a due Sense of the high Honour which the House has now conferred upon me, by signifying their Approbation of my Conduct on Saturday last; I cannot help thinking, that the House has greatly overvalued my Services on that Occasion, and lamenting that it was not in my Power to put that Order in Execution, in a Manner more suitable to the Honour and Dignity of Parliament. The only Return that I can make for this lignal Mark of Favour, is, to afiilre the House, that so long as I continue in the high Office which I now bear in the City of London, I shall firmly, vigorously, and a&ively, fee the Laws carried into Execution, which are so essentially necessary for the good Order and Government of this Kingdom.

Give me Leave, Sir, to return you my sincere Thanks, for the very obliging Manner in which you have expressed yourself on this Occasion; and to assure you, that I shall ever retain a grateful Sense of it, and make it the Pride and Glory of my Life to deserve it.

llefotccd, Nemine conlrThat an bumble Ad*

apttcalled lire^8 be prefen ted to His Majesty, That he Will begra-P the cioufiy pleased to give Directions, that the med effectual *ont) uriton. Method may be taken for discovering the Per fons con-, cerned in the late dangerous Riot, upon the burning of

the North Briton, in pursuance of a Sentence staffed nnanimously by both Houses of Parliament; together with their Aiders and Abettors.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to, His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, i

The House being informed, that Mr. from

VoJL. 29.

the Commissioners of the Costoms attended at the Account?; Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Brandies and Rum imported, from Ckrijimas 1760, to Christmas 1762; and from Ckrijimas 1762, to 1763;

distinguishing each Article, and each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Gallops of Rum exported, from Chrijhnas 1760, to Ckrijimas 1762: and from Ckrijimas 17,62, to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Year, and speciTying the Places tp which the same have been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do Ife upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst thfe other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofTow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vwens, 9* die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Horftaru Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, Roadk refi ling in and near Ilor/ham, in the County of and fevered Towns and Villages aftjaoeut, whole Nptaes are thereunto subscribed, living pear and uCuadly travelling the Roads leading from Horsham aforesaid, through the Pari&es of Shipley, West Grivfied, fljkurjl.

Stemming, Bramber, and Seeding, in the fr id County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Roads are become so ruinous, that so the Winter Season soupe Parts thereof are almost impass-able for Carriages, and very dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers; -and in many Parts so nprrow, as to render the same very incommodious; and allog-' ing, that the said Roads cannot bp repaired bjr the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such Manlier as to the House flifol fcom meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratfop of a Committee: And that they do eya*. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame» 68 it flia.Il appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred tp Mr. Butler, Mr. Fullerf Mr. Hyjon, Mr. Norris, Mr. lVedderbu.ru, Mr. Kynqffou,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Mr,

Bit/flout, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Mr,

Wood, Mr. Alderman Dickinjun, Mr. Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Foley*Nir.Gore, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr.

Mr. Pye, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Parker, Sir Fran*

_cis Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jo

Sir. Gray, M r. Stevens, Lord Mr, Avtrifled Parker, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Col.

Ilowe, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Charles Mr. Byde,

Mr. Walter, Mr. Fletcher, Sir George Montgomery Mc-tham, Mr. Rolle, Mr. pVauchope, Mr. Deluvial, Sir Edward Decring, Mr. Onjloio, Lord Mr. Dundas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stifle.r, Surrey, Southampton, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet.th s Afternoon, ulFiveof theClock, in the Speaker’sCham-ber; and have Power to lend for Persons, "Papers, and Records.

8 P Mr.

7eo

9° Decembris.

J. 1763.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, Malt Duties, a^opjing to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting c" to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1764; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

African

Company.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and otiiers are Subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Ppemifes into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall feern meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Anthony , Esquire, was presented

«m. u 1 .1 . w n c to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir George

The House being informed, that Mr. Poirier, from v n ° -r. ... . *.

p itt*.nf !L nC \rt~rnh»n*« YBaronet, and the Petitioner, being Candidates at

the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1764: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hocfcoa

Eiedioo.

the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the

Directions of an Act of Parliament the stead of Courtney, Esquire, deceased,

ap »», 1 1 ac u f.. the Petitioner was duly elected by a considerable Ma-

A Paper, intituled, "Anno 1762, The Account of the . c + u n

Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Jonty of Persons, qualihed to vote by the Const.tut.oi.

Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence, under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper Was read.

of the said Borough; and that Richard the

Portreeve of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as returning Officer, conducted the Poll with very apparent Partiality, in favour of the Interest of the said Sir George Yonge, admitting Several Persons to

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, b 6 Vr a v

hp nprnfed hv fhp M-mhi. nfth* vote for no W8 qualified so to do, and rejecting

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Private

Bufinest.

131, and upwards, of those who voted, or tendered themselves to vote for the Petitioner, under frivolous and undue Pretences, although the Votes so rejected. were liable to no just Exception; and although the said Portreeve received many others in favour of the said Sir George Yonge, under Similar Circumstances; and alleging, that, under Colour of those and other undue and illegal Practices, the said Sir George Yonge procured himself to be returned, as having been duly elected Resolved, That no private Business be entered upon to represent the said Borough in Parliament, con-any Day in the House, after Two of the Clock." trary to Justice, in Defiance of the Laws requiring " Resolved, That no Motion be made, for dispensing fair and free Elections, in manifest Violation of the in any same with the Observance of the said Resolu- Rights of Election, and to the Injury of the Potion, unless Leave be given by the House upon the titioner: And therefore praying the House to take

~ " ..... his same into Consideration; and to give him. such

Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem most meet.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the Fourth Day of December 1761, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" preceding Day, for making such Motion.

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the First Day of February 1763, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That upon every Tuesday, Thursday, and " Saturday, private Business may be entered upon in the House, after Two of the Clock."

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Housekeepers, living in the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, commonly called not receiving Alms of the

Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; Reciting, That by the last Resolution of this House, ia

n n »t*i_ rr> rj rm. rj, 1721, it was declared, that the Right of Election was Krfitvrd, That upon every Tuesday, Thursday, and J , J Inhabitants. Housekeepers? living in the said

entered up°" in the Borough, not receiving Alms of the Par.lh; and it has r». wn n r> nr ever fjQce been the constant Practice and Custom for

House, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Stand ing Order of this House.

Riot

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that on burning a their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would Papelrtl"lled be graciously pleased to give Directions that the most effectual Method may be taken for discovering the Persons concerned in the late dangerous Riot, upon the

Vorth Briton.

the Members to be elected by such Votes, and setting forth, that several private Donations have been given by well disposed Persons, in Trull, to be diliributed amongst such honest Tradesmen, and others, in the said Parish of Honiton, who do not receive Alms of the Parish, which Donations, until at the last Election, have never been deemed to invalidate their Right of voting; but their Votes were, and till that Time al-

Duty on Excite and Perry.

m

burning of the North Briton, in pursuance of a Sen- ways have been, allowed to be good and indifpu table; tence passed unanimously by both Houses of Parlia- and that, at the last Election, the Portreeve, or return-ment; together with their Aiders and Abettors; ing Officer, thought proper to reject many of the Pe-had been presented to His Majesty; and that His titioners Votes, and others, under Pretence of their

»had commanded him to acquaint this House, receiving Charity Money from the Trustees of such e will give Directions as desired by the said private Donations, and partially accepted the Votes of Address. many others, notwithstanding their being liable to the fame Objection; and that several of the Petitioners, A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgesses, and duly qualified to vote at Elections for Members of Par* also of the Freeholders and others, Occupiers of Lands, liament, were, at the last Election, rejected by the rp-and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plympton Earle, in turning Officer, under Certificates or Discharges pro-the County of Devon: And also, cured from the Parish Officers of some other Parish,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Com- which, without the Petitioners Knowledge or Consent, monalty, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County were fraudulently- obtained, to aiifwer the Purpose of of Glouctfier: rendering the Petitioners Votes invalid; the Portreeve,

at

Certain Persons ordered to attend the House.

Riot on burning a Paper called the

North Briton.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Defenion.

Account) Duties on Malt.

Accounts; Cyder and Perry.

4 Geo. III. p* — 10°

at the same Time admitting the Votes of many others, under the like Circumstances; and also accepting and taking the Votes of many other Persons dwelling in the Borough, under or by Virtue of legal Certificates, or Discharges by them obtained, without Fraud, from other Parishes; whereas those lad mentioned Certificate Persons have, at all former Elections, been Constantly disallowed; and that the Portreeve, or returning Officer, at the lad Election, accepted and took the Votes of several Persons, who were Paupers receiving Alms of the Parish, and Inmates, Lodgers, Boarders, and Minors, contrary to the Cudom and Usage of the Borough; and also accepted and took the Votes of several Persons, who came purposely into the Borough to vote, after the Death of Mr. Courtney, under Pretence of their being Inhabitants and Housekeepers, whereas they were only occassional Votes, their usual Residence not being in the said Borough, and therefore their Votes ought not to be allowed; but the Partiality of the returning Officer was so great, that he rejected the Votes of many others, under the like Circumstances: And therefore the Petitioners hope, that as their Right of Voting has been infringed, this House will take the same into Consideration; and give them such Relief, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 2d

Day of Febntary next.

Ordered, That Mr. William do attend this

House, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Curry do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Balfe do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Kearjley do attend this House, at the same Time.

The Lord Strange reported that he had, according to 1 Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage to this Conference.

Ordered, That the Resolution communicated by the Lords to this House, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference; and that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the fame.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had acquainted their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Resolution to which their Lordships haddefired the Concurrence of this House; and had left the Resolution with their Lordships.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, from the 23d Day of June 1754, to the 23d Day of June 1761; dillinguishing each Year, and how much arose from Duty, and how much from Composition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry, made

Vol. 29.

Decembris. 70

before the Fifth Day of July 1763, of which Entry hath been made or Account taken, in pursuance of aii Ail of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry, made since the Fifth Day of July 1763, and charged with the additional Duty, laid by the Ait of the last Session of Parliament, to the First Day of December 1763.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Money, arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of Cider and Perry, for the Duties on Cyder and Perry to be consumed in their own private Families, to the First Day of December 1763.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* an Account of the Number and Salaries of the additional Officers of Excise appointed since the First Day of June 1763, for ascertaining, charging, and collecting the new Duty on Cyder and Perry; distinguishing each Month, the Time they were employed, and the Amount of their Salaries.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Instructions given by the Commissioners of Excise to their Officers, for ascertaining, charging, and coliefling the new Duty on Cyder and Perry.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels of strong Beer and Ale, and of Barrels of small Beer, brewed in the several Collections of England, together with the Amount of the Duty; distinguisiiing each Year; from Midsummer 1754, to Midsummer 1761.

Ordered, That there he be laid before this House an Account of the Amount of the Duty on Hops, grown in England, from Midsummer 1754, to Midsummer . 1761; distinguishing each Year.

Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privileges of this House, Alexander Dunn has, several times lately, threatened Violence against the Person of John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, and that he did, on Tuesday last, endeavout to force into the House of the said Mr. Wilkes;

And the House being informed, that the said Alexander Dunn is now in the Custody of Mr.

Elston, Tipstaff to Sir Eardly Wilmolt, Knight, One of the Justices of His Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice Wilmolt-,

Ordered, That the said Mr. Richard Elf on do bring the said Alexander Dunn, in safe Custody, to this House, Tomorrow Morning; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Brown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthias Darley do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then she House adjourned till To-tnorroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763, Prayers.

MR. Blackfone reported from the Committee, td whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford,

through Wallingford and to Reading, in

the County of Berks-, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry; was

com*

Accmiht Strong Beer.

Account; Duty oB Hops.

Privilege \ Mr. Wilkes*

Shillingford,

See.

Road*

702

io° Decembris.

J. 1763.

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th£ Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Ques-ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Corn's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *Jat* Act for Naturalizing Govert was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Jim Buller.Mr. Mr. Francis Buller,

Mr lhjjcm, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Kvuafton, Sir John Gly Mr. Mr. Clive,

Mr. A/ -rton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Price, Mr.

Glover, Mr. PalerJ'on, Mr. Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. , Sir Brook Bridges, Mr.

Bejl, Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Lord Frederick Camp-

bell, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Walpole, Mr,

Sir James Da/hwood, Mr. Bull, Mr. Knight,

Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Mr,

tre, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Clive: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wartnaby A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Lord lodofure. Viscount Howe, Im propriator of the Parish of W

in the County of Leicester, Ann Widow, the Re-

verend John Cant, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Fields belonging to the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and, that if the said Fields were divided, and inclosed, and lpe-cific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and Person interallied, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incfofing the said Fields, under such Regulations, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Toutnjhend, Junior, and Mr. Alderman Dickin-

Jon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bishop', castie A Petition of Waller Waring, Esquire, was presented

Election. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Burgeft to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Petitioner, and George Clive, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly elected, by a Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but the Bailiff of the said Borough admitted several Persons to poll for the said George Clive, who had no Right to vote, and refused several who had an undoubted Right, and who offered to vote for the Petitioner; and was guilty of several other indirect and unwarrantable Practices, in favour of the said George Clive, whom he hath returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the fai<l Borough, in manifest wrong to the Petitioner, and the legal Electors of the said Borough; and that the said George Clive, and his Agents, made ofe of Threats, Promises, and several other corrupt and illegal Proceedings, to procure Votes for the said George Clive, as well as to deter others from voting for the Petitioner: Ajid therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant 16

the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabiting fiurgeffes of the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of having legal Settlements within the said Borough, and who have been resident therein for the Space of One Year last pall, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Inhabiting Burgesses of the said Borough, who have their legal Settlements within the said Borough, and who have been resident therein for the Space of One Year last past, was also presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That W,aring, Esquire, was, by a Majority of legal Burgesses, duly elected to represent the said Borough; notwithstanding which the Bail iff unduly and fa I fely returned George Clive, Esquire, duly elected; by Means whereof the Petitioners are deprived of their Right of electing their Representative in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and giv e such Relief as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thurjd the Ninth Day of February next.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Amy; for the better. Payment of the Army and their Quar- Munty ters, was read a Second Time. pj*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Supply M: certain Duties upon Malt, Main, Cyder, and Perry, D*

for the Service of the Year 1764, was read a Second 0

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bifl be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a supply BA; Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Land Tu. of the Year 1764, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'Hie House being moved. That the Order of the Day, for Mr. Richard Elf on to bring in safe Custody, Mr.wilio.

to this House, Alexander Dunn, against whom, a Com-

Slaint had been made, of his having Committed a reach of Privilege against John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this idoufe, might be read;

And the House being informed, that several Persons attended at the Door, who could prove the Lunacy of the said Alexander Dunn;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined, in order to prove the said Lunacy.

And then they severally withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That Mr. Richard Elgon be discharged from any further Attendance on this House, with the ford Alexander Dunn.

And then the Hoofe adfourned till Monday Morning, Nkje of the Clock.

Dei

Iu-1.

fil

Sill

ii

Koj

Aecc

A

Licti

ill

>3p;

Goo^kr1

4 Geo. III.

12° Decembris

Ik

i'L

m c.

f.V ‘.

k.Vi» ,

) M

4 *E. Duty on lit.! Excise and

,1,

fit.

ti Sh!llingford, Arc.

J~ Road.

U:

<b

: C.:-ib

' V. id

Accoim!;

Ale

Licences,

r

Yv

Expiring

Laws.

c*

ri.

I*)

rrd

Supply.

Luna?) 12° Decembris;

Anno4° Georgii III. Regis, 1763. Prayers.

A Petition of the Portreeve and Burgage Tenants of the Borough of Bceraljion, in the County of Devon,

was presented to the House, and read; Representing to the Iloul'e, That the Petitioners and others are fnb jetted to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duly on Cycler and Perry, both with re-fpctl to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Conficleration; and to give l'uch Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from S'liilling ford, in the County of Oxford,

through Wallingford and Pto , in

the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge

Befoied, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingfurdin the County of Oxford, through

Wallingford and Pangborne, to Beading, in the County of Berks; and for Building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackjtonedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coneurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duty on Ale Licences, from 2d August 1757, to 2d Aitgnjl 1763; difiinguidling each Year.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what I>aws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles MordMr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. DyfMr. Pyc, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Built Sir John Mr Fonercau, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Colonel

Irwin, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Bertie, Mr.

Sul/van. Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Mr.

Dempster, Mr. Bolle, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wood, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pelham, I.ord Coleraine, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lut trail, Mr. Parker, Sir William Beauchamp Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Stevens, Sir Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Cujl, Mr. M Lord tcorth, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Lane, Mr. Harris, Lord Bobert Bertie, Mr. Bade, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Penton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Grant, Colonel Howe, Mr.

Sir William Baker, Mr. Walter, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Wynne; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Btfolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 16th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

VOL. 29.

7°3

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ®"PPjy to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 a &c>utlc'’ upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1 764;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they ha\* Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru&jon to the said Committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct. That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1764, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1762, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1764.

Then the House rel’olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'ontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tjje House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; House to resolve'itself into a Committee of the whole Lnnc* Tax. House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1764;

Ordered, That it bean Inllruttion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of tive Year 1762,001 of the Supplies granted for the Year 1764.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutne I the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. Piggot, from Account; the Commi llioners of the Customs, attended at the Door 5 Receipt

lie was called; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, of the pursuant to their Order, CulW

An Account of the Nett Receipt of the Cnfloms, from MidJ'ummer 1761, to Midjitmmer 1762; and from Midsummer 1762, to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Article, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8Q

Hackney

Nightly

Watch,

&c.

Gtriliborough

and

Coton

Inclosure.

Sutton

Drainage*

Westminster

Paving.

7°4

13° Decembris.

A. 1763.

Martisy 130 die Decembris \ Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763. Prayers.

R. Cooke presented to the House, according to

M

employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint John the said Commissioners, from the 21st Day of December

Order, a Bill for maintaining, regulating, and the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for executing two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty’sReign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. and of all Contrails and Agreements made by

at Hackney, in the county of ; and for light

ing the said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly Watch therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Ground, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within Guiljborough, Coton, and Nortoft, in the County of

Northampton: And the famewas received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

1762, to the 30th Day of November 1763, both inclusive: And aim,.

Copy of the Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. to the 30th of 1763,

inclusive; together with a Copy of the Account of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the same Time; and of the Receiver to the said Commissioners on the Quarter’s Rental, due 5th July 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Copies, w'ere read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition offeveral Owners and Proprietors of Low Grounds and Carrs, in the Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets of Sutton, Ganjlead, Swine, Benningholme, Benning-

holme Grainge, and Fareholme, WocihSkirlaugh, Ronton,

Arnold, I-ong Riston, Leven, Heigholme, and Hallytree-

holitie, Brandejburlm and Burfall, Ejke, Ticlon, Weel, .

Routh, Meant, arid Waghen, otherwise Ware n,\n Holder- uP°h t^e Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was pre- for t*le better Payment of the Army and their

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Quarters, be now read. faSd Low Grounds and Carrs, in their present Situation, And the said Order being read accordingly;

are generally overflowed, and consequently of very he House resolved itself into a Committee of the

ftnall Advantage to the Petitioners; and that if the same wh°Ie House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hgufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

were drained and improved, they would be greatly advanced in Value, to the immediate Profit of the Petitioners in the First Instance, and finally to that of the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving the said Lands, under such Limitations, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine' the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it was referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Wood, Mr. Armjlead Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Baker, Mr. Mr. Drake,

Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fo-nereau. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Philipps, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lane, Mr. Pryce, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Buller, Lord Warkiuorth, Mr. Stevens, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hervey, Sir

imiji

Mutktf

aid

Detain.

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

Mr, Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tire fame.

Ordered, That, the report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to their commands of ThurJiJay last, he had re* turned to Richard Blunt, Esquire, One of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, the Thanks of this House, for the good Behaviour of the said Sheriffs in the ExeT cation of the Orders of both. Houses of Parliament, for burning " the North Briton, N* 45," on Saturday the 3d Day of this Instant December: And that he received the following Answer from Mr. Sheriff Blunt;

Sir

I am honoured with your most obliging Letter, inclosing the Resolution of the honourable House of Com- Mr. Townshend, Sir AnthonyAbdy, Mr. Darner, Mr. mons, in which they are pleasedto approve of the C011-

Grant, Mr. C'ufi, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowther, General George dust of my worthy Colleague and myself as Sheriffs of

Bofcawen; and all the Members who serve for the London and Middlesex, in the Execution of the Orders Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Lancaster, Dur- of both Houses of Parliament, for burning " the ham, Cumberland, Wt-Jlmoreland, and Northumberland: Briton, N* 45," on Saturday the 3d Inllant. Sodif-

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the tinguished and lading an Honour conferred upon us. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power for our faithful and zealous Endeavours to discharge to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. our Duty, fills me with the deepen Sense of Gratitude,

and the very polite Manner, Sir, m which you have so The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from obligingly lignilied to me the Resolutions of that ho-the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting nourable House, lays me under a particular Obligation

*7 10

Sheriff^ Answtr to the ThanU of the House.

Plv,

t iC

» 'f.:

Zii Duty on f) Malt,&c.

K

fee.

?r, i‘v Dt ‘

S I,.

elJ.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

fc

TT

n-:

III u:

OIL*

Qiltrt

! 14 Richardson :1 to preach 1.2, on the

30t^ J*n-

liiv!.*

4 Geo. III. 13° Decembris. ^05

to yourself. Happy I shall be in ever having it in my Power to acknowledge it; Who arti, with the greatest Truth and Respect,

Sit,

your most faithful, and moll obedient, London, Dec. i i, 1763, humble Servant,

Richard Blunt.

Mr. Alderman Dickin/ott, icCordingto Ord^r, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whorti the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1764, Was comrtiitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the' Bill; and which the had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once throughout; and then a Second Time One by One-and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon,.were’ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report-

ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land' Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1764, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Richardson, Mailer of Emanuel College in and Pragcentor

of the Church of Lincoln, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Monday the 30th Day of January next: And that Lord -

lolo Bertie and Mr Custdo acquaint him therewith.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, pasted in the lall Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

General Tomvjhend reported from the Committee,. Helfgay to whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of ®rainaBe-

Woodhalland Hellgax), in the County of Norfolk, and of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lyingin a certain Place, called Great West Fen, in Heltgay aforesaid, bounded by the Uplands of

Hell gay, Eo.fi; the DraincaUedSamsCut, South; the Ri-

ver Oilfe, Well; and the Mouth of the River Wijfey, commonly called Ilellgay Creek, North; was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Lazeras Brewer said, that the Landscalled Hellgay, con-fid of about 600 Acres; and are bounded as described in the Petition.

That they are frequently overflowed both in Winter and Summer, and are of little Value; that he thinks, they are capable of being drained; and if drained, would be worth about Ten Shillings an Acre; but the Works necessary for that Purpose cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

The Evidence given by Mr. Brewer was confirmed: by John Hanfip.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining certain Feri Lands and wet Grounds in the Parish of Hellgay, in the County of Norfolk: And that General Toivfield, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Armine Wodehouse, Sir William Bea and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.gk S’filing A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue

.. Writ. his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow’n, to make out The other Order of the Day being read;

.7. a new Writ for the EJefting of a Commissioner to The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Amending

lj serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sterling, whole House, upon the Bill for amending the High Highway*.

£ in the Room of James Campbell, Esquire, who, sincehis Ways by Assessments, inllead of the Six Days La-

Election for the said Shire, hath excepted the Office of hour.

7 Governor of Sterling Cafle; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

- j in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Ma- Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they jesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession had goUe through the Bill, and made several Amend-

to the Crown of Great Britain, in the Protestant Line, ments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-

might be read port, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the same being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said t' to the Clerk of the Crowu, to make out a new Mrrit Committee, the Amendments which the Committee

iv for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this pre- had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him

sent Parliament for the Shire of Sterling, in the Room to report to the House; and he read the Report in his )> of James Campbell, Esquire, who, since his Election for Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

V the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Governorof Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table,

o Sterling Castle. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

printed.

i’.‘ Duty on A Petition of the Bailiff and Capital Burgesses of the

Cyder and Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hertford t Perry. Andalfo,

11" Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of -minster, in the County of Hereford:

Vol. 29.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,

706

0 Decembri.

Marine

Forces.

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Mercurii, 14* di Decembris \

Anno 4* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1763. Prayers.

MR. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the Firfi. Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendmentswhich the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a SecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A. 1763.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tucf- Call day the 24th Day of January next. of if*

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent. for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made since the 5th Day of July 1763, of which Account hath been taken, but no Charge made, to the ilt Day

of December 1763.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account; House, an, Account of all Monies which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by Virtue of an Act passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, Service, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Rajfmgand Training the Militia within that Part of Great called

land-, whereby it is enacted, That the Receiver General of each County shall pay into the Exchequer the Amount of the several Sums directed to be paid by the said Act, in lieu of each private Militia Man which shall not have been raised by the said County.

Ordered, That Doctor Rrocklefrydo attend this House, Mr. \Viikn.

upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Graves do attend this House, at the same Time.

UMak*1 ’ An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His

Duties. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year 1764, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Land Tax. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1764, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privileges©!’ this House, a riotous Mob, conlifting of many Persons, amongst whom were Richard Jones of Dingiston , Esqui re, Paid Morgan oiThonucell, and William Lilly of Gentlemen, did,on the 27thDay

of May last in the Evening, and a great Part of the Night, grofslv affront and insult the Right honourable Sir John Phillips, Baronet, a Member of this House, at the Beaufort Armslnn, in the Town of J/owwoid//, and violently broke the Windows of the said House, on account of the Act, passed the lull Session, for laying an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Complaint upon Friday the Third Day of February next.

Commi tcei. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House pr;VJtt upon Friday next, to proceed upon any private Business, Budnik, after Two of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the Supply. 16th Day of Jamtari) next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned Morning

next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Or- Prim der made upon Wednesday last. That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, afterTwo of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Petition of Charles Repington, Esquire, Lord of Atherton the Manor of Atherjlone, in the County of IncUurt

Abraham Bracebridge, Fleetwood Hinton, and others, Proprietors of I.ands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields of Atherstone aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, lie greatly-intermixed, and cannot, in their present Condition, be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall Jeem meet.

Kirkby in Kendal Small Debts.

Kouils.

Geo. III. 1 6° Decem. 70?

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Town, and others residing within the Parish of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Two Senior Aldermen of the said Town, have usually held, and do hold, once in Three Weeks, a Court of Record for the Trial of personaI Actions under the Value of Forty Pounds; but as the Proceedings of the fame, and other Courts held in and for the said Parish, prosecuted in the usual and legal Forms thereof, have been found to be very tedious, expensive, and dilatory, whereby many Persons in low Circumstances are disabled or intimidated from applying for Relief in the said Courts, to the great Discouragement of Credit and Industry; and whereas the Proceedings in the said Court of Record, an I other Courts held in and for the said Parish, have been found ineffectual to compel the Payment offmall Debts from the several Defendants in the said Courts: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Parish of in Ken-

dal, in the County of Westmor eland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Upton, Mr. Harris, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Sutler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Butler, Col. Irwin, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Gore, Mr. SandMr. West, Mr. Norris,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Town-

Jhend, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Lord

BroicnlowBertie, Mr. Blackstone, Mr Mr. Sewell,

Mr. H illy, Mr. Alderman Lord Harry

Powlett, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Byde;and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Hrrjlmor eland, Cumber la nd, Northumberland, York, Durham, and Lancaster:And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr . Butlerreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen-tlenten. Freeholders, and other Inhabitants residing in and near Hor/ham, in the County of and several

d owns and Villages adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscrib'^d, living near, and usually travelling the Roads leading from Hor/hamaforesaid, through the Parillies of Shipley, Well Grivjh-d, AshhurJt, Steyning,

Brantber, and Beeding, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he real the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fofloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Parham, George Cottingham, and William Jefries, federally said, that the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in the Winter Season almost impafikble for Carriages, and dangerous to Passengers, and in many Parts thereof narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the pres°nt Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vol. 29.

repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinjled, AJlihurst, Steyning, and Breed-

ing, in the said County: And that Mr. Butler, Mr.

Honeyivood, Mr. MeyrickBurrell, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Fuller, and Mr. Thondinfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Govert , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

General Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining certain Fen Lands and wet Grounds in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord BrownlowBertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fiekls, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent, to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Heir to a certain Ellate in the said Parish, of the annual Value of Two Pounds, who is not known; and that the whole Value of the Estates in the said Parish, by which Interest is claimed in the said Lands, amounts to £. 2,008. i6<r. per Annum; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, that is in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish, being very numerous, are maintained and supported at a great Expence; and that it is apprehended it would be a great Advantage to the said Parish, and tend to the more effeChial Relief of the said Poor, if proper Powers were given for the better governing, employing, and maintaining the said Poor, and for making fumcient and more equitable Rates for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the cleansing and lighting, in a proper Manner, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, and all other open PalTagesand Places, and keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch within the said Parts of the said Parish, as are not within the Liberty oi Char ter-house She of

great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and of public Utility; and that the Passage leading

to St. John's Street, known by the Name of Charter-

8 R house

Caflau’s

Nat

Hellgay

Drainage.

Heckiogroft

Inciofare*

St. Sepulchre's Poor. (London.)

16° Decembris. A. 1763.

house Lane, is very harrow, and incommodious to Passengers; and that the widening the same would be of great Use to the Inhabitants of that Neighbourhood, and to all Per Ions having occasion to pass that way: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above stated; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp ProSor, Sir Edmund Lord

Strange, Mr. Parker, Mr. Upton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. -stone, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Harris, Mr. Luther, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Butler, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Price, Lord Catherbugh, Mr.

Northey, Sir George Warren, Mr. Bulbr, Mr. Webb, Mr. Harvey, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Wynne, Mr.

Dundas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Kent, and Surreij and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Horblins Lord Brownlotv Bertie reported from the Committee, nclosure. wilom the Petition of T/iomasBroion, Gentleman, Lord

of the Manor of Horbling, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Thomas WilberfofClerk, Vicar of the Parish of Horbling, and others. Proprietors of Lands in the said Manor and Parish, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Kelhamsaid, that there are within the said Manor and Parish several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, wherein the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed; and which, in their present Situation, are not capable of any considerable Improvement.

That there is in the said Manor and ParifTi a large Common Fen, which being frequently overflowed, is thereby rendered of litile Service to those, who have a ' Right of Common thereon.

That, if the said Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen were divided and inclosed, and the said Fen properly drained, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen: And that Lord BrownUno Bertie, Mr. Lane, and Mr. Whido prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Room of Sir FlelcherNorlon, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majetiv,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Shillin^otd, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, _k<-in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford, and °8'1 Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near lingford Ferry, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hjfendiw for Naturalizing Peter Hafenclever, and Johann Peter Rucker, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded id take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 7. Leave out " and."

1. 10. After " Germany," insert "

" Blache, Son of Alexander Blache, by " Joanne his Wife, born at Neve in the " Canton of Berne, in " drew Vezian, Son of Etienne " Joanne his Wife, born in the City of " Geneva-, James Charles Granges, Son of

" FrancisGranges, by Suf arena his Wife,

" born at Nyon, in the Canton of Berne,

" in Switzerland; and Jacob Midler, Son " of John Muller, by Anna his Wife,

" born at Pellare in Prussia."

1. 21. Leave out " and."

1. 22. After " Rucker, " insert " John Francis

" Blache, Andrew Vezian, James Charles " Granges, and Jacob Muller."

1. 36. Leave out " and, " and after " ,"

" insert " John Francis Blache, Andrew " Vezian, James Charles Granges, and " Jacob Muller."

Pr. 2. 1. 28. Leave out " and."

1. 29. After " Rucker," insert " John Francis " Blache, Andreio Vezian, James Charles " Granges, and Jacob Muller,"

1. 38. Leave out " and."

1. 39. After " Rucker," insert " Francis

" Blache, Andrew Vezian, James " Granges, and Jacob Mu lie.'

In the Title of the Bill leave out " and, " and at the End thereof add " John Francis Blache,

" Andrew Vezian, James Charles Granges,

" and Jacob Muller."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the I-ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

West Looe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffite his Warrant to Wm. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of West Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Buller, Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Groom Porter within all His Majesty’s Houses in Engbnd and elsewhere.

Wij*n Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to WriU the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ne*p»f> the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of mall, in the Room of William De Grey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Bur- p«r<» gestes, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Bo- Cyder rough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, was pre- "*nJ'

19 fented

he*

Liufi

Pnr:

Vir

Fuci

Wii

A'Tou

leffrf

Ciuo

C'J,r

Pm

kc

Mo:

Tti' ,l !i?i

-rvj

1

V

Is

t Account;

i A,e

Licences-

Private

j Bull nds.

4 Geo. III. i6° Dece709

footed to the House, and read-, Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the Houseto take the Premises into Coirsideration; and to give such Relief therein as to the 1 Ionic ill all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for managing i hcDuties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; they-were called in; ami, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Nett Produce of the Duty on Ale Licences, from Second Angi/Jt 1757, to Second August 1763; distinguishing each Year.

Aud then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That I^?ave be given to move the House, upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Bufi-

ness, after Two of the Clock.

in lieu of each private Man which shall not have been raised by the said County.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer for the several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford, Stafford, Sii/fex, Nottingham, Northampton, Hertford, Rutland, Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, do lay before this

House, Copies of all Certificates made out by the several Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the said respective Counties, to the Justices of the Peace for the said several Counties, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in beingrelating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called Englandwhereby it is directed, that the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiration of eacii Year, in every County where the Militia shall not have been raised, shall certify the same in Writing to the Justices of the Peace; and also, the Amount of the several Sums of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Marine

Fou:es.

tr

A-

t: . 11

Argyll

Writ.

A Bill f>r the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Rtfoli'ed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

17th Day of January next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the looting of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of in the Room of

gallCampbell, Esquire, who, fmee his Election for the said Shire,'hath accept e: the Office of Matter in the Revels in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of John Wilkes, Esquire, in his Place, to answer a Charge, mentioned in an Order of this House of Thurs day the First Day of this Instant

And the House being informed, that Doctor -lejby and Mr. Graves were attending at the Door, according to Order;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the present State of the said Mr. Wilkes's Health.

And they were severally directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilkes do attend this House, in his Place, to answer the said Charge, upon Thursilay the 19th Day of January next, if his Health will then permit.

Account; Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Ccffire and before this Hotife, Aecoimts of the Amount of the several Chocolate. Duties upon Office and Chocolate, that have been paid from 5th Day o {' 1757, to the 5th of April 1763; distinguishing the Amount of each Duty, in each Year.

Cyder and A Motion was made, and the Qttefiion being put, Pciry. That there be laid before this House, All the original Entr ies made and Notices given by the Makers of Cyder and Perry, in pursuauceof the Act of the last Session of Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Account; House being informed that Mr. Julliott, from

received ^lC Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; in tieu of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Militia their Order,

Service. An Account of all Monies which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by Virtue of an Act passed in the Second Y»*arof His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; whereby it is enacted, That the Receiver General of

each County shall pay into the Exchequer the Amount I’ of the several Sums directed to be paid by the said Act,

VOL, 2<).

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Doctor Heberden the Physician, and Mr.

CerfarHawkins, One of His Majesty’s Serjeant Surgeons, be desired to attend John , Esquire, from Time to Time, at proper Intervals, to observe the Progress of his Cure; and that they, together with Dot-for Brock lejby and Mr. Graves, do attend this House, to report their Opinion thereupon, on the 19th Day of January next, in same the said John Wilkes, Esquire be not then able to attend in his Place;

And t ie previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } V-

Tellers for the Noes, j ] 3°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Doctor Heberden the Physician, and Mr. Ccefar Hawkins, One of His Majesty’s Serjeant Surgeons, be desired to attend John Wilkes, Esquire, from Time to Time, at proper Intervals, to observe the Progress of his Cure; and that they, together with Doctor Brock lejby and Mr. Graves, do attend this House, to report their Opinion thereupon, on the 19th Day of January next, in same the said John Wilkes, Esquire be not then able to attend in his Place.

Ordered,

Militia

Certificate*.

Mr. Wilke*.

Ditto.

7io

Ordered, That Mr. William Johnsion do attend this House, upon Thursday the 19th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Rickard do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Kearjley do attend this House, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Wilke*. Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, upon the 15th Day of November last, in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed tigainst John Wilkes, Esquire, a Member of this House, be heard upon Thursday the 19th Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 19*;

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1763.

Pray* a s.

Hanfenclever /ORDERED, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry to and Rucker’s the Lords, the ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Nlt* Peter Hafenclever and and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An XaltDutie* Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty c‘ certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, without any Amendment: And also,

..... The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax.* Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, without any Amendment: And also,

Punwt, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and others, Act for naturalizing William , John Christian

Schreiber, Jonas Dael with some Amendments;

to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And theh the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 10. Leave out " and."

1. u. After ," insert " Charles

Henry Thalbitzer, Son of Thalbitzer and Maria Magdalena his Wife, born at the City of Berlin."

1. 24. Leave out " and."

1. 25. After " Dael" insert and Charles Henry Thalbitzer"

Pr. a. 1. 4. Leave out " and."

1. 5. After " Dael," insert " and Charles Henry Thalbitzer."

Pr. 3. 1. 4. Leave out " and, " and after " Dael" insert " and Charles Henry Thalbitzer."

1. 16. Leave out and, " and after " Dael" insert " and Charles Henry Thalbitzer."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " and, " and at

the End thereof add " and Charles Henry Thalbitzer."

A. 1763.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second I

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- I

upon, agreed to by the House. I

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the I

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed I

to the Amendments made by their Lordships. I

An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Arm*; I tion, and for the better payment of the Army and Mutiny I their Quarters, was read the Third Time. Deration,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Deferlion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and deftre their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Cuiiftorap mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, a.nd.^to" Heath Ground, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within nt0il,t, Guiljborough, Coton, and Nortofin the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Prefcot, Sir John Mr. Alderman

Dickinson, Mr. Webb, Mr. , Mr. Ciifl, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Wood,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte, Mr. Shiftier,

Lord Orwell, Mr. Hope Weir, Lord John Cavendish,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mills, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Befi, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Butler, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Adams, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Toionjhend, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Grant, Mr. Serjeant,

Mr. Brudenell;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Leicester, Bedford, Bucks, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before Account; this House, an Account of all Teas, China Ware, Callicoes, and other East India Goods, exported to B the British Colonies in America, in the last Ten Years; Ameria distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Millar do attend this j^, wab House, upon Thursday the 19th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cadell do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Shaw do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Williams do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Anne Balfe do attend this House, . at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Davis do attend this House, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Scott do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Jenings do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Savile Carey do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bagnall do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Burd do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Hoeydo attend this House,

at the same Time.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made upon Friday last. That Leave be given to move BuHmL the House this Day, that any private Business might

he

16° — 190 Decembris.

:-rri

k

d

Westmoretend

Wri'-

efc.

293

V

d tiis

k

Royal Ailent to

® Bills,

jt

j..",

ft

fe

te:'i

ffef;

li’1

>;€

1’," Hrckington - Inclosure.

id’

dt

Hackney

iii Nightly Watch,

itt. &c-tfr

b

ft

Geo. III. 19". Decembris. I11

be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business maybe entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifftie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new \\ rit for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in

the room of Robert Lowther, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Donenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A MefTage from I lis Majesty, by Sir Septimus fov, Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the I louse had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bdls following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four: ..

An Act for granting ati Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shilling ford, in the County of Oxford, through lingford and Pangbourne, to Reading, in the County of Berks-, and for building a Bridge ovdr the River Thtmes, at or near Shillingford, Pern/:

An Act for Naturalizing Govert:

An Act for Naturalizing Andrew Sol inns:

An Act for Naturalizing Johann

Peter Rucker, John Francis Blache, Andrew Fezian, James Charles Granges, and Jacob

An Act for Naturalizing William John

Christian Schreiber, Jonas Dael, and Charles Henry

Thalbitzer.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosiqg the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lauds, in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of John at Ilackncy, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Mr Mr.

Townshend, General Comcay, Mr. Mr. Wood,

Mr. Prefect, Mr. Cujl, Mr. NMr. Mr.

Harvey, Lord Harry Poidclt, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fuller,

Lord Wark-worth, Mr. Shifner, Sir Anthony Abdy,

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pye, Lord Orwell, Air.

Vol. 29.

Mohjneux, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Colitlon, Mr. Norris, Mr. . Mr. Montgomery,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. White, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Adams, Sir John Mr. Hiifey, Mr. Grofcenor, Mr. Pratt, Sir Baker, Mr. Walter, Lord Malpas, Mr. Onslow, Sir Eduard Hawke, Mr. Dyson; and all the Members

who serve for the County of Middlesex, the City of London, and the Counties of EJer, Kent, and rey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the West End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge Gale, through the Liberties of Little Chester, Breadjitl, Merle}</, Smalley, and over the River

Erwa/h,in the County of and from thence

through the Liberties of E

Telia;, and Anmjley, to the Tow n of Mansfield, in the* County of Nottingham; and from Eafzooood aforesaid,; through the said Liberty of and the Liberties

of Nezcthorpe, Greasley, and Kimberley, to the Welt End of the Town of Nutthall, in the County of Nottingham-, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Parts, and cannot be effectually widened and amended by the Laws in being: And therefore proving, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Road?,' in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the’ Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it’ shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Kyna/foii, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. , Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Ed-niorflone, Mr. Northey, Lord Mr.

Bailer, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grant, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Upton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pen-ton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mills, Mr. Mr.

ham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Serjeant Here iff, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Dvzudejkrll, Mr. Pennant, Mr. lValJingham, Mr. Staunton, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Covaitry, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bent hick, Mr. Onslow, Mr Cijt Lord Earn ham, Mr. Glover, Lord George Cavendish Mr. CheJwynd, Sir IVi Hi am Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Walpole, General Conway, Mr. Cooke, Sir George Air. Wood,

Lord Orzeell, Mr. WalsinghamBoyle, Lord Harry

Pczolett, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Mr. Walter:

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough, and Town of Taunton, in the County of met at the Guildhall this 12th Day o 1763;

\vas presented to the House, and read; Representing to the'House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with rc-spect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House, for a total Repeal of the Law laying a new Duty on Cyder and Perry; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

8 S Ordered,

Derbv

Roads*

Duty on Cvder and Perry.

712

190 Decembris — i 6° Januarii. 1764.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Month, the 16th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunes, 16* *Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

Brameote A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Odd house, J~\ and Inhabitants, of the Towns of,

Road, Ilkcston, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham and , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading front a Place called Bramcote Oildhouse, through in

the County of Nottingham, and through

Horsley, Woodhouse, Kilburn and , to Bilper Lane

£nd, which joins the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Wirkfioorth, in the County of Derby-, and from Ilqffack Lane End, in the said County of Derby, to Ilkejtonaforesaid; and also the Road leading from Troicell aforesaid, through , to the

Town of Nottingham-,are so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Seal'on, feme Parts thereof are ini- j passable for Carriages, and in many Places incommodious and dangerous, and which, if amended, would be a great Saving to the Country in general, but more particulary so to the poor Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham, who, in the winter Season, pay a very high Price for their Coals, which they would not do were the said Roads made good, as the same will extend through the Coal Country: And, in regard the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Hoice, Lord Howe, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Edmon, Mr. Sir Henry

Erskine, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wood, Mr. Shijfner, Admiral Coates, Mr. Alderman Sir George

Vonge, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Calvert, Mr. BuUer, Mr. Wynne, Mr. James Bidler, Lord Strange, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Robinjim, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bejl, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Lord Bateman, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Prescott, Mr

NIr. Fuller, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Dyson, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Colonel

win; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

B»ry A Petition of John Stanley, Rector of the Parish of Glebe. Bury, in the County of and Diocese of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in Right of his Rectory, is seised of certain Glebe Lands, Part of which are in the Town of Btny, and are already built upon; and that it is apprehended many Houses would be added to *7

the said Town, if Land conveniently situated and proper for that Purpose could be obtained; but that there is no such Land contiguous to the said Town, except the said Glebe; and that it would be of advantage to the said Re&orv, if the Petitioner and his Successors were enabled to grant Leases of the said Glebe and Premises, for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Persons to build upon, and improve the fame:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Morton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Wray, I)o6lor RocMait in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Clmrch bkbt of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, and Diocese

of Che/ler, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Petitioner, in Right of his laid Vicarage, is seised of certain Glebe Lands, which are very conveniently situated for building upon; and that there are at present tlanding upon Part of the said Glebe, several Cottages and other Buildings, which are ancient, and subject to frequent Repairs; and alleging, that great Benefit would accrue to the said Vicarage, if Power was giveu to the Vicar for the Time being to grant a Lease, or Leases, of the said Glebe Lands and Premises, for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Persons to build thereon, and to improve the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, Patrons of the Vicarage of Inclolu't the Parish Church of Searby, in the County of Lincoln, and Impropriators of the Retfory and greatiythes there; and of Edward Weston, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and Proprietor of far the greatest Part of the Land, Messuages, and Tenements, with Common Right, lying within the Parish aforesaid; and of Stephen Metcalfe, Vicar of the said Parish Church of Searby; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish there are several Open and Common Fields, known by the Names of the North High and North Loiv Fields, the High and SouthLozo Fields, together with other Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Walie Grounds, containing together about 1200 Acres; and alleging, that the I.ands, lie intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the same were divided and inclosed it would be of Advantage to the Petitioners, and to the Public; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring iti a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Common Fields ami Grounds, in the said Parish of Searby, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, fls to House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that I/>rd BrouwloivBertie, Mr. Harbord, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to l’erve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the Room of John Symons, Esquire, deceased.

A Pc-

4 Geo. III.

16° Jamarii.

V,

Dovtr

to

Barkam

Downs

Road.

'‘fc

ki

3. Id

!Cv

'XOE

Ilt>

t !*»,

it'VI*

c;.:,

Vu

!u&

bk

*0; f

IU

ii! tjr

JiX

;e

la

L".

If-

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 46th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Roa<l from Dover to Barham, Downs, in the County of Kent-, and also of several other Persons redding in or near the Towns of Dover, Folk ft one , and Hylhe, in the said County; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road; but, from some Defects in the said Act, the same cannot be effectually executed, so as to answer completely the Purposes thereby intended, unless the same be explained and amended, and the Term and Powers thereby granted enlarged; and that the Road leading from Cowgate and Fort, in Dover,

along the Top of the Hill, and by a certain Place called Farthinglowe, to the Town of Folkstone, and through the Mill Stream, to Street in Folk-

stone, and from the Town Water, near the Sign of the King's Arms in Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe; is in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Parts very narrow, and inconvenient, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the House tball think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Sir

ward Deeri/ig, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr. John

Yorke, Mr. Webb, Mr. FitzhMr. Mr.

Tozvn/hend, I>ord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cust, Mr. Be ft, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morton, Lord Grey, Mr. Alderman DickmfMr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Clive, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Buller, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Dyson, Sir.Shiffner, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Sharpe, General Bojcawen, Mr. Mr.

zon, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Cocks, Mr $\vHenry

Erjkinc, Mr. Oswald, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Waller, Mr. Grosvenor; and all

the Members who l’erve for the Cinque Ports; and for the Counties of Kent and Siiff: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I Dingman's A Petition of William Dingtnan, Merchant, was pre-:i. -Ntt* fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave t may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

1.. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

iji, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that

y Mr. Gray, Sir John Glynne, and Sir William Meredith,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

|V.: Burton A Petition of the Trustees and Commissioners ap-

uponTrent pointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year 1 j.1*? of King George the Second, for repairing and widening

1.. goa<l.* the Road from the West End of the Town of

u/)on Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners borrowed f(, Money on the 'lolls by the said Act granted; and

j have applied the same to the several Purposes therein

directed; but that the Tolls being fixed at very low Rates, considering the Extent of the Road, and the same not producing or being likely to produce, Money near sufficient to discharge the said Debt, with the Interest attending it, and to complete the Repair of the said Road within the Time limited, there is a manifest Necessity that the Term for Payment should be fur-

VOL. 29.

.\l‘

ther continued: And therbfore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term in the abovesaid Act, and amending and making the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Shiffner, Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Luther, Mr.

Lord Brmvnhm Bertie, Mr. Knight ley. Sir Winnington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fane, Colonel Barrt, Mr. Ilarbord, General Bofcawen, Mr. Tozvn-

field. Lord Strange, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Montagu, Lord Howe, Mr. Jennings, Colonel Hence, Mr. Ednwnftone, Lord Clive, Mr. Clive, I«ord Bateman, Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Drake, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dowdejivell, Sir John Barrington, Mr. West, Mr. Dyson s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Aflif-tants and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of -withiel, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are l’ubjefted to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itl’elf, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House w ill take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Relief therein, as to the House shall appear meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the Ninth Day of December last, " That there be laid " before this House, an Account of the Quantity of " Cyder and Perry made since the 5th Day of 1763, " and charged with the additional Duty laid by the Act " of the last Session of Parliament, to the First Day of " December 1763," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That thefuid Order be discharged,

The House was allb moved. That the Order made upon the said 9th Day of December, " That there be " laid before this Iioufe, an Account of the Amount of " the Money arising from the Composition, paid by " the Makers of Cyder and Perry, for the Duties on " Cyder and Perry to beconfumed in their own private Families, to the 1 ft Day of December 1763," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, that the Order made upon the 14th Day of December last, "That there be " laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity " of Cyder and Perry made fiiice the 5th Day of July " 1763, of which Account hath been taken, but no " Charge made, to the ill Day of December 1763," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made since the 5th Day of July 1763, and charged with the additional Duty laid by the Act of the Jail Session of Parliament; to the 18th Day of December 17(33.

Ordered,

Duty on Cyder and Item.

Account*; Duty on Cyder and Pern.

714

16° — 190 Januarii. A. 1764.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Amount of the Money arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of Cyder and Perry, for the Duties on Cyder and Perry to be consumed in their own private Families, to the 18th Day of December 1763.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made since the 5th Day of July 1763, of which Account hath been taken, but no Charge made, to the 18th Day of December 1763.

Mr. Wilkes. Ordered, That Mr. William Cooke do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. George do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William do attend

this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Williams, Bookseller, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harris do attend this House, at the same Time.

Militia. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of such Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia, as have been raised; and also, a List of the Commission Officers belonging to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company; specifying the Date and Time of such Vacancies as shall appear upon the Establishment of the Commission Officers; and distinguishing allb the Number of private Men belonging to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, according to the Establishment of each Corps.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Militi* A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

ri’®*ce" posed, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several

Qua 1 cations. (3ountjeS) Ridings, and Divisions, Wales,

do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be by him laid before this House, Accounts of all Qualifications left with and registered by them, of Deputy Lieutenants, and of Officers serving in the Militia; distinguishing each Officer’s Name, the Rank of his Commission, and the Nature of his Qualification;

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being; relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, that Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to indemnity such as have omitted to qualify them-l'elves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for tlioi'e Purposes; and for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkthip; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, in England and Wales, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be by him laid before this House, Accounts of all Qualifications left with and registered by them, of Deputy Lieutenants, and of Officers serving in the Militia; distinguishing each Officer’s Name, the Rank of his Commission, and the Nature of his Qualification.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, lor the Year 1764, be referred to the said Committe.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Diclcin/ontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. AldermanZ)/c/i77f/?jM report ed from the Committee,

That they had come to a liesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thurs-. day Morning next.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Way»

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Right honourable William StMargatfi Manners, Esquire, commonly called Lord William in Manners, the Reverend George Coulton the Elder,

O Inrlftfnw*

Clerk, and others, Proprietors of Lands within the Fields of the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Sutton and the Lord Percival do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Naturalizing William: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Wofldbp and other Inhabitants, of the Counties and Not- _A:t<rclif:

Rout

3 oogie

ilV:

It tt:

i'ji

it;:-

i'ti

Xl-

<y>

w

i<r-

Kingston upon Hull to

(> Beverley Road.

4 Geo. Hi.

1 p° Jantiarii.

1*5

tingham, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting the annual Income not seeing sufficient, they were obliged forth, That the Road leading from Worksop, in the to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to put County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforlh, and keep the same in good Repair; which Money fa Anjt&n, Ashm, Handsworth, and Darnall, to the North borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by the said

East End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where Ad, has been duly applied, according to the Directions

the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawlryto thereby ghen; and that the Petitioners find the Money, Sheffield, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in now due and owing on the Credit of the said Att, cam-many Places, and cannot he widened and repaired by not be repaid, nor the said Road be effectually amended, the present Methods prescribed by Law: And there- and kept in good Repair for the future, un lei's the Term fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a of the said Act be enlarged; and alleging, that the

Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. / Mr. Mr.

Pits which supply the said Road with Gravel and other Materials for repairing the fame, lie principally on the West Side of the Town of , in the said

Riding; but the Road from thence to Newland Bridge, where it communicates with the said Road, between the Towns of Kingston upon Hull and , containing the Space of Three Miles, or thereabouts, is in fa ruinous a Condition, that the Petitioners cannot get

Dy/bn, Mr. Sandys, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Kynaston, Gravel from thence, except in the Summer or a very Col. Barri, Mr. Trey anion.Sir John Glynne, Mr. Jenyns, dry Season; so that the Petitioners are often put ta Sit John Philipps, Mr. Mawbcy, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bur- great Inconveniences for want of Gravel to supply tell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burt, Col. Irwin, Mr Fitzherbert^the said Turnpike Road when wanted, and are put to Mr. Champion, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. a greater Expence in leading the fame, than they would Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Milles, Lord Strange, Mr. Stan- be i f the said Road was pnt into good Repair,

ley. Lord North, Mr. Lewis, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wed- which they appreltend cannot be done without the Aid

derburn, Sir George Savile, Mr. Dowdejwell, Lord Carys-

fort, Mr. Gray, Lord Midl Mr. Dundas, Lord George Sackville, Lord Percivaand all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby,

of Parliament; and that it is the more reasonable that the said Cottingham Road should be amended by the' Tolls granted for the Repair of the said Turnpike Road, as the Inhabitants of Cottingham, and all others travel*

and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ling with Ilorfes or Carriages through and from the

Mayfield

to

Ashover

Road*

fame Town to Kingston upon Hull, and from thence to and through the said d own of Cottingham, and elsewhere beyond the same Town, have, ever since the Commencement of the said first mentioned Act, paid the full Tolls thereby granted, although they have only

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- had the Benefit of One-fourth Part of the said Turnpike fented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Road, and thereby very largely contributed to the Re-High Roads leading from Mansfield, in the County of pair and Support thereof: And therefore praying, That Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Tanjley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Term and Powers by the said former Act granted; and Moor to Ashover, in the said County of Derby, are be- also for enabling the Petitioners to amend and repair come very deep and ruinous; and that the same cannot, the said Road leading from Newland Bridge aforeutid, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: to the West End of the said Town of Cottingham.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, in such Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-manner as to the House shall seem meet. amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the shall appear to them, to the House:

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Sir LordDowne,

shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. Paterson, Lord Air. Sir William

And it is referred to Air. Hewett, Sir George Savile, Trelawney, Mr. Mr. Mr. Sandy*,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Qjjlotv, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lord George Sutton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Adam Gordon, Toicnjhend, Mr. Ward, M r. Shi finer. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Air Mr.* Mr Mr.

Mr. Butler, Lord George Cavendijk, Mr. Southwell, Sir Burton, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Alexander Grant, John Turner, Mr . Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Gage, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Admiral Cotes, Mr. Harvey, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Mr. Sir Mr. Mr.

Amy and, Lord Frederic/: Cavendish, Mr. B idler, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Bootle, Air.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Plumpire, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Montagu, Harvey, Lord George Cavendjh, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Sir George Pocock, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Pryce, Ixird Mr. Wynne, Sir

Fitzherbert, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Robinson, Lord Midleton, George Warren, Mr. Onslow, Lord Frederick Air. Ne/bilt, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Paterson-, and Air. Calvert, Lord Percival, Mr. Unwood, Sir John Phi*

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Notting- lipps, Sir Glynne; and all the Members who serve for ham, Derby, York, and Lincoln: And they are to meet the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Lane after, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Dur-

Chamber; and have Pow er to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, named in or appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Ala jesty King George the Second, intitled, An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of

ham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, residing in or near the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, and other Places in the Ealt Rid-

Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the itigof the County of York, whose Names sr<£ thereunto East Riding of the County of York, was presented to subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees Alleging, That the repairing of tl»e said Piece of Hoad, finding the said Road in a very ruinous Condition, and ffom tlte West End of the fin'd Town of Cottingham to Vol. 2c). 8 r

Kirgrtbft UJKH1 Hu|t to

Bevttlry

Horn.

716 19° Januarii. . I 1764*

Nexeland Bridge aforesaid, will contribute much to the Safety and Convenience of the Petitioners, and be of great Advantage (as the Petitioners believe) to the Public in general; and taking Notice of the lull preceding Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers by the said Act granted, for repairing the said Road from the West, End of the said 'I own o'( (Nottingham to Neioland Bridge aforesaid; and praying that such Bill may pass into a Law.

‘ (Jrdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it mall appear to them,( to the House.

Sheffliqg A Petition of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the

laclofvrc. College of Saint John the , in the University-

of Cambridge, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed;

William Constablei Robert Bee, and John Bell, Esquires; William Kirkby, the younger, Marmaduke Prickett, the younger, and John Meadley, Gentlemen; and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; having Freehold, Leasehold, or Copyhold Ef-tates, and Right of Common, in the several Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parjfli of Shcfflingin Hin the County of

York, and in the ancient Inclosures there; and also of Henry Holme, Esquire, Owner of all the Tythes, great and small, within the said Township and Parish of Slugging aforesaid, and also a Proprietor of Lands there; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thht the said Fields and Grounds contain together 1,440 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Shares of the Parties who are intitled thereto are intermixed, and several of the ancient Inclosures lie very inconvenient to the present Owners thereof; and that if the said Fields and Grounds were divided and inclosed, the same would be very useful and convenient: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmley, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Rotherham several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

through and other Inhabitants of the Counties of York, Derby,

W hi ft on and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Road. Setting forth, That the Road leading from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, through the Towns of Anghton, Clown, and

Stoney Houghton, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleaflcy, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Cliejlerfield, is very dangerous, and in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be widened and repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That I^eaye may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such Manner and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. liewett, Mr. Coventry,- Mr. Nugent, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Glover, Mr, Shiffner, Sir John , Mr. Buller,

Mr. Luther, Mr. Hervey, Sir Mr. Butler

Mr. Calvert,- Mr. Kynafo Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lord Midleton,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Edward Simpson, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Dempfer, Mr. Nesbitt, Lord Harry Poiolett, Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Potcell, Mr. Champion, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Parker, Mr. MolyneuxJ Colonel Barr'e, Mr. Ward, * Lord GarlieSf Loid Gage,' Lord Frederick Campbell, H ....

Colonel Bofcawen, Sir George Montgamery Metham;

and all the Members who serve; for \the Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancgjler, Nurthumbeij

Westmoreland, Durham, and N; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of, the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend.for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord BrownloicBertie presented to the-House, ac-. Se fty

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, and indoftug the Indolure. Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, jtithe Parish of Sear by, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peafie, Gentle-' Spalding rften, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants that ‘High live near the great Road leading from a certain Bridge' called Spalding High Bridge, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, through the said Parish of Spalding, and to and through the several Parities of Pinchbeck, Surjlact, Gojbertown, abd Quadring, to the Market Place in Donington -, and from the Tenth'

Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gojbertown aforesaid, to the Eighth (Mile Stone adjoining the Road, in

the Parish of Wigtoft in the fair! Parts and County; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Places so narrow, and in the Winter Season in many Places thereof frequently overflowed, that Passengers cannot travel through the same without great Danger; and that the same cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Means provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner and by such Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refehred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-' amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it iha.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is' referred to Lord Brorvnlotv Bertie, Mr.'

Whichcot, Mr. Onjloio, Mr. TownfSir John Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Webb, Mr. Serjeant Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte,

Mr ..Molyneux, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Hexvett, Colonel Irwin,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Ryder, Sir Mr. Rushout, Lord Strange, Mr. Buller, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Shelley, Sir Edward DcerinMr. Shiffner, Mr.

Cufi, Mr. Adams, Colonel OnflMr. Sir' Edward Hawke, Mr. Harbor d. Lord Win ter ton, Mr.

Hunt, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ncjhitt, Colonel Hotham,

Mr. Laurence, Marquis of Tdv, Mr. Edmonfone, Lord Charles Spencer-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty stiw’ King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from nearL the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Eaai1 Lewes, to WitchCrofs; and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park; and Horn Offham to Witch C aforesaid; all lying

within the County of Su/fex; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Road from the North End of Offham aforesaid, through Offham Street, to a certain Place in the Parish of Saint Peter and Saint Mary Wefiout in Lewes aforesaid, called the Bam,

is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places; and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage to that.

Part

nv

x ik

.c

if.

jr

Brs

T,

1 T.

ti;

it:;

Ledgm :-i Ashby :ft i Inclosure*

': As

r» i

it X\

tj ii

ik-

f, J!'

"i

U

!!-' I

- S

Waneford

Fo«r.

I' '%'

tif

jj.*

i-

fp

W

J;

4 Geo. III.

19° Januarii.'

'VI

in the said Hundred, were.incorporated, and appointed Guardians of the Poor thereof, with such Provisions,

Powers, and Regulations, as may be necessary for carrying the said Design into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may hare such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Coolideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

/l iXVnd it is referred' to Mr. Mr. Fonncreau,

Mu1. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Sir

Mr. Lord Mr. Bull, Mr. Glover,

Mr. Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Per-

envoi, Mr. Sir John } Kir. Tounf-

hend. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Montagu, Sir William -

champ Proctor, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Mr. Lord Grey, Mr. Rufliout,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

Colonel Jruin, Mr. Butter, 'Colonel Mr.

Filxherbert, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Thomas Townshend,

Mr. Mr, IIarbord, Lord Winter-

ton, Mr. Brand, Lord Mr. Gray,

Lord Mr. Champion, Sir John

Mr. Elliot, Sir John Turner, Mr. Waller, Sir Francis Vincent General; and all the Members who

serve for the Count ies of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Eficz :AnH they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Mutford Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses', ?nd Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, ^otl^an" and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundred of perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of ford and Loth ingland, in the County of Suffolk, wljofe any considerable Improvement; and alleging* that Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of thenar it will be for the Benefit of the several Parties inter- selves, and all others chargeable with, and contribut-elted therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, ing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor and allotted to the several Proprietors thereof; and within the said Hundred, was presented to the House, alleging, that such Inclosure and Division will be of and read; Stating to the House many Advantages greater Benefit to such of the Proprietors who are only which, the Petitioners allege, would arile, if the Poor Tenants for Life, or Tenants in Tail, and to the Per- within the said Hundred were put under proper suns intitled in Remainder, if such Tenants for Life, Government, and a Plgce provided for their general or in Tail had Power of granting Leases thereof, at Reception; and if the Owners, and Occupiers of the best and most improved Rent, for a certain Term frauds. Tenements, and Tythes, within the said Hun-of Years, and to take down some of their Barns, «dred, were incorporated and appointed Guardians of Stables, and Out Buildings, in the Town, of Ledgers the Poor thereof, with such Provisions, Powers, and

Ashby aforesaid, and setting up the same in and upon Regulations, as may be necessary for carrying the said such Inclosures; And therelbre praying, That Leave Design into Execution: And therefore praying, That may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall 'aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may meet with such think proper. other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Confederation of the Committee to whom the lafi pre-Sir Thomas Cave and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and ceding Petitition is referred: And that they do exa-bring in, the fame. , mine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame,

as it shall-appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clergymen, Free- Milford Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, holders, and others, living in and near the Boroughs of ,!>,n°ugh and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundred of JVahg Haflemand Guildford, and the Town of Godahmng, j^0j^re

ford, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are there- and the Parish of Willey, and the Parts adjacent, in unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others the County of Surrey), was presented to the House, and chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance read; Setting forth. That the high Road leading from and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, the Turnpike Road at the Town of Milford, in the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, County of Surrey, through the Borough of Haslemere,

That the Poor within the several Parishes in the said and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Uppock Hundred are considerably increased, and are main- and Bake, in the County of Southampton, is very nar-tained at a much greater Charge than formerly; and row, crooked, and ruinous, and cannot be repaired iuf-representing to the House many Advantages which, ficiently for the Accommodation of Travellers and Car-the Petitioners allege, would arise, if the Poor were riages, by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, put under proper Government, and a Place provided that if the said Road was repaired, widened, and ren-for their general Reception r and if the Owners and dered commodious, it would be of great and ptiblib Occupiers -of Lands, Tenements, and Tythes/ with- Utility, as Travellers and Carriages Would thereby be ’ Vol. 29. enabled

Part of the Count)', if the said Road was added to, and directed to be amended and widened under the Powers of the said former Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be> referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Coventry',

Mr. Sandyjs., Sir George Pocock, Mr. Norris, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Thomas 'Townshend, Mr. ll'ebb, Mr. Maiobey, I^ord

Strange, Mr. Burrell, Lord Mi die ton, Mr.

Mr. Demnfler, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Colonel H6-tham,'Mr. Byde, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Mr. Tarkd,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grant, Mr. Pelham, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Harris, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sewell-, General A'Court, Mr. Milles, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Piyce, Sir Charles Mr. Rush-

out, Lord Cutherlough, Mr. Dyflm, Lord Bertie, General Honeywood, Lord Grey, Colonel Barre, Lord Royflon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Svjfex, Surrey/,.and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lady of the Manor of Ledgers Ashby/, in the County of Northampton, and of several Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby afore1 said, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates in the said Fields, which lie open and diO-

Bury

Glebe.

Rochdale

Glebe.

Xingfton upon Hull to

Beverley

Road.

18 i Q° Januarii \ 176^4*

enabled to avoid passing over Hind-head Heath, which is a very ft rep, inconvenient, and dangerous Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening the said Hoad from Milford, through , to the great

Turnpike Road as aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Lord Middeton, Mr. Lord

Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Dowde/well, Mr. Harvey, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Paler Jon, Mr. Glover, Mr. Mr.

Webb, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Harris, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Kynajtorn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Harboril, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Mr. Parker, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Buller, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Ward, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Dempster, Lord North, Mr. West, Sir Edward

Bayntun, General Stairwix, Sir George Montgomery Me-tham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, Southampton, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of JLancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said ’ Vicarage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town of Beverley, in the county of ; and of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, and others, residing in or near the great public Road, leading from the Town erf* Kingston upon through the Town of Beverley aforesaid, to the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; 1 aking Notice, That in the 17th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was made for repairing the Road be-> tween the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and setting forth, that the Trustees appointed by the said Act borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which were duly laid out in the repairing and amending the said Road, and Part of which hath been since paid off; so that now the whole Debt due on the Credit of the Tolls is 2,400; and that the Tolls granted by the said Act are much more than sufficient to pay the annual Payments and Expences necelfaiy, on Account of the said Road; so that after discharging the Expences of keeping the said Road in sufficient Repair, and paying the Interest of the Money so due as aforesaid, and the Salaries of Officers, there is an annual Surplus arising from the said Tolls of £. 170, and upwards; and that the Road leading from the Town of Beverley, in the County of throng!) the Town of Market to the City of

York, is much frequented by Travellers, but is become very ruinous, and in many Parts thereof so deep and founderous in the Winter and rainy Seasons, that it is almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, and dangerous

16

1

to all Travellers, especially as the Road is nbw straiu ened in many Places by the Inclosure of Commons on each Side thereof; and that the same cannot by the ordi* nary Means provided by Law be effectually repaired t and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend that if the said Act was continued for such Term as the House shall think fit, and a reasonable Proportion of the Surplus of the Tolls now collected upon the said Road leading from Kingston upon Hull to Beverley, by virtue of the said Act, was to be applied towards repairing the Road from Beverley to York, and Turnpike Gates to be erected upon the said Road from Beverley to For A', at proper Distances, for collecting moderate Toll thereon, the same might be effectually repaired at an easy Expence to the Public, as there are good Materials near at hand in most Parts of the said Road for that Purpose; and the putting the farfte into good and effectual Repair would manifestly conduce to the public Benefit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the public Highway from the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, through Market Weighton, to the City of« For A:; and that the said Act for repairing the Highway between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the City of York may be continued, and the Tolls therein mentioned may be paid for fuel) farther Term as the House shall think fit, and such Proportion of the Surplus of the Tolls to be collected upon the same Road, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable, may be from Time to Time applied towards repairing the Road from Beverley aforesaid to the said City of York,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, named in or appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the x 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Rochester, Lord of the Manor of Bromley, in the County of Kent, and Patron of the Parish and Parish Church aforesaid; William Scott, Esquire, Lessee of the said Bishop of divers Commonable Lands and Meadow Grounds within the said Manor and Parish; Elizabeth Innocent, Widow, Lessee of the Tythes both great and small, arising within the said Parish; the Reverend Thomas Bagshaw, Curate of the said Parish; William Passenger, Esquire; and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, having Right of Common in the said Lenfehold Commonable Lands and Meadow Grounds; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commonable Lands and Meadow Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interesterl therein if the said Lands were indofed, and freed from the said Right of Common: And therefore praying, That Leave may' be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Commonable Lands and Meadow Grounds, and to free the same from the said Right of Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Vane, and Mr. Bejl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Hugh Dairy tuple reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the T«oP«iw

Town *"*

ft

rnoiHf-

IV e Hu,

V

JVtft

f^»>

tt

l Sc

be'ii

W

'J^li

:i'

, I)&

ij;v

sif;

irk. i ft'.

iefc

ufl["

1:2

Pe:;

)ic*.Vc

jafe:

irk

-V

fV:

A’*:

c.v

fc'3-

,(.'0 Whitby Screen.

iU-tiic»

Mx

Ml*-

ir.j

ctt-

k.U

m*i

£'>

was-

tti, Vi jt#\

lot i1'- -

i:-

ll*."'

ft- k tote

Id*

s«"

Vni5*

bf

4 Geo. Ill* 190 JanuafU. 715?

Town of Dunbar was referred, That the Committee Mr. «y Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Alderman ZhcT*

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and Mr. Calvert, Mr. I ferret/, Lord. Midle ton, Mr.

had directed him to report the fume as it appeared to TotHi thru It am Bootle, Mn Barrel/, Lord them to the House; and he read the Report in his Percival, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Onjlaxo, Mr. Mr.

Table; Where the same was read; and is as follow- Fuller, Mr. Ross, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Harris, Sir eth; viz. John Philipps, Mr. Mazo bey. Sir John Mr.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, IIarand all the Members who serve for the

the Agent for the Petitioners produced Two Acts, Counties of York, Durham, passed in the 5th Year of King George the First, and land, and Lancaster: And they are to

in the 10th Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-

Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that should be foils. Papers, and Records, vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar; which

were lead: And then, A Petition of the Rest or and Incunibetlt of - Sharnford

Mr.Alexander KeUy produced an Account of the ford, in the County of Leicester, and of the Proprietors ^ne*0^ur*‘ Money collected and expended in pursuance of the said of Lands, and Persons interested, in the Common and Acts; whereby it appeared, that the Snm of £. 2,080. Open Fields and Commonable Places of Sharnford js. had been received, and allb that the Sum off. 931. aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on 10 f. had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors which, together with the Money received, had been there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting duly applied in carrying on the Works directed by the forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Acts; and the Wit nets informed your Committee, said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in and over that considerable Progress had been made in carrying the same in finall Parcels, and are, in their present on the Works directed by the said Acts, which mail Situation, in a great Measure incapable of Improve-remain unfin ished, and those already constructed will ment; and alleging, that if the said fields and Com -go to Decay, and the Money borrowed cannot be monable Places were divided and inclosed, it would repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be further tend greatly to improve their several Efti.tes in the continued. said Fields: And therefore praying. That Leave may

Mr. John Kelly confirmed the above Evidence. be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to the said Common and Open Fields and Commonable continue an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem of his late Majesty King George the Second, for con- meet.

tiuuing an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An parfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Coventry, and Sir Thomas Pal-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale mer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, or Beer that shall be vended or ibid within the Town

of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, A Petition of the Gentlemen Freeholders, and Own- Scot* Dyke

and repairing the Town House, and building aSchool and ersofLand, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, through other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said whose Names are thereuuto subscribed, residing in or Town with fresh Water: And that Sir Hugh Dalrymple, near the Villages of Langholm, in the County of Dum-

Mr. Vane, and Mr. Fletcher, do prepare, and bring in, fries and Hawick, in the County of Roxburgh, in that the fame. Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, leading from a certain Place called Scots Dyke, on the Merchants, and Traders, residing in the Town of Confines of the said County of and bordering

Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, upon the County of Cumberland, by or through the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Villages of Langholm and to a Place called

That the said Town is a large Sea Port, containing Harcntofs, in the said County of Roxburgh, are in a a great Number of Inltabitants, who are daily in- very ruinous Condition, almost impassable for Carriages creasing, and from whence a considerable Trade is of any kind, and dangerous to Persons travelling on carried on; and alleging, that the Streets, Lanes, and Horseback; and many Parts thereof are very narrow AJleys in the said 1 own are so broken up, and in and incommodious; and cannot be sufficiently repaired, such bad Repair, that the Trade thereof is greatly altered, widened, and kept in Repair for the Accom-obstructed, and the Inhabitants, going about their modation of Travellers, without some Provifiort be made lawful Occasions, particularly in the Night, are subject by Parliament for raising Money to be applied for those to great and imminent Danger; and that it would con- Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be duce to the Security, Convenience, and Advantage given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, turning, of all Persons residing in, and resorting to, the said and widening the said Road, in such Manner as the Town, if the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Paf- House shall think proper.

sages were well and regularly paved, cleansed, and kept That the said Petition be referred to the

in Repair and free from Annoyance: And therefore Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill mine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it for effectually repairing, amending, and keeping in Re- shall appear to them to the House: pair and free from Annoyances, the said Streets, Lanes, And it is referred to Mr. Tozvn/hend, Sir Alexander

Alleys, and public Places in the said Town of Whitby, GMr. Onfozv, Mr. Montagu, Lord Harry in such Manner and with such Powers and Provisions as lett, Mr. Murray, Lord John , Mr. Bolton,

the House shall think fit. Lord Campbell, Mr. Lord

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Mr

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Mr. Gray, Mr. Maivbey, lord Cary fort, Mr. Harvey, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Mr. Mr. Ne/bitt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fairfax, Sir

shall appear to them, to the House: John Philipps, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. San-

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sandy s', dys. Lord Frederick Mr. Burrell, Sir

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Nugent, General Comoay, ander Grant, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Champion, Mr. Bigbv,

Vol. 29. 8U Air.

190 Januarii.

Brancepeth

Inciofuie.

Wombwell

Inclosure.

A fh borne Road.

720

Mr. Lafcetlcs, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Morion,

Mr. Dison, Mr. PryJe, Colonel Fi/zroy, Mr. Stanley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham,

York and I^ancaster ;and for North BritainAnd they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of FarrerWren, Esquire, Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of a certain Common or Moor, and Royalties of and in the Village, Vill, or Township of Crook and Bulyrow, in the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham; and also of several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Township, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the behalf of themselves, and the other Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenet ments, and Hereditaments in the Township aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Common or Moor contains by Ellimation Fifteen Hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the fame, which m its present State is of very little Use or Service, may be cultivated and improved; and that the same may be divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iD a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Vane, and Mr. Jcnifon Shaftoc do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Wombtvell, in the County of York, and also of the Owners and Proprietors of certain aucient Messuages and Lands within and Parcel of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor certain Commons of Waste Grounds, called the Upper Common, Stubbing Common, and Honing field Common, which contain in the whole372 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, do not afford to the respective Proprietors thereof the Benefit that would result to them by an Inclosure and Division thereof into just Proportions and Allot*-ments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be ^iven to bring in a Bill for instating and dividing the said Commons or Waste Grounds, according to the respective Rights and Interests of the Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane, Sir George Savile, and Mr. LqfceU.es, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the County of , residing near, and usually travelling, the High Roads therein after mentioned, ly ing in the said County, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Roads leading from Ashbome, in the said County, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterjidd to Derby, at or near a Place called Gate, are, by Reason of the Narrowness thereof, apd Waters and Rivers therein in some Places, and from the Nature of the Soil, become so deep, watery, and founde-rous at all Times of the Year, particularly the Winter Season, that Carriages cannot pass without the greatest Danger; but that the same cannot be efledtually repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening or altering the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

.1764*

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Towns of Nottingham, and several other

Towns and Places in the Counties of and

Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to theta, to the House.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the U hole i Joule to whom it was referred to conlirk-r further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the* Kefolutiou which the Committee had direct el him to report to the I Joule; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the faipe was read; and is as toUoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs ofllis Majesty's Ships, for the Year 1 704.

The said Kefolutiou being read a Second-Time, was, upon the Qucition put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed that Mr: from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duty of the Cnf-toms that have been paid upon Coll'ee, at Importation, from Christmas 1754, to Cluj/mas 1762; diilingtiishing

each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tiile of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

'1 he laid Account is preferred tunongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Can-tie, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Paper, intituled, The Account of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of Oflo-ber 1762, to the 1 oth of October 1763, directed to be laid

before Each House of Parliament, by an Act passed in the a 1 ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George-the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was real.

Ordered,-That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the oilier Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Fornficv, from the Commissioners of I he Excite, attended at the Door-, he was called in; and, at. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry, made before the 5th Day of July 1763, of which Entry hath been marie or Account taken, in puiTuance of an Act of the lull Session of Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry, made since the 5 th Day of July 1 763, and charged with the additional Duty laid by the Act of the I nit Session of Parliament, to the 18th Day of 1763:

And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Money arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of Cyder and Perry, for the Duties ou Cvder and Perry to he con-

J fumed

Supply.

Acc<

B»r*

AcCMBtl;

Durr oa It/ffiC.

.to

.Mr

Du:

Acccmh

fr-rotn

Coro^y*

to

Accoffiflil Cv.lrr lid I l'cr-7*

| Acton

Pub

Deb

r{

Accounts;

Malt

Duties.

Hops.

Coffee,

&c.

4 Geo.

i<f Jaiiua

fumeJ in their own private Families, to the r8th Day with the annual Interest or other (Charges payable for of December 1763; And also.

Accounts; Strong Beer, &c.

An Account of t lie Number and Salaries of the additional Officers of Excise appointed since the First Day

of June 1763, forascertaining, charging, and collecting the new Duty on Cyder and Ferry; distinguishing eacii Month, the Time that they were employed, and the Amount of their Salaries: And also,

A Copy of the Instructions given by the Commissioners of Excise to their Officers, for ascertaining, charging, and collecting the new Duty on Cyder and Perry: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry, -made since the 5th Day of July 17C3, of which Account hath been taken, but no Charge made, to the 18 th Day of December 1763: And also.

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer and Ale, and of Barrels of Small Beer, brewed in

Narjr

Debi.

the fame.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of Mis Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December last, be laid before this House.

Rejoiced, Nemine contradicen That an humble

Address be presented to 'His Majesty, to congratulate His Majesty on the happy Nuptials of her Royal Highness the Princess August and his moll Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of and

Lunenburgh.

Ordered, That the faiVl Address he presented to Ills Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine amfradiccnfe, That this House do Ditto.

Maniage cl P.-ineci* Augusta.

the several Cohesions of England, together with the congratulate^Her Majesty, on the happy Nuptials of Amount of the Duty; distinguishing each Year; from

Midsummer 1754, to Midsummer 1761.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Copy were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Copy do lie

her Royal Highness the Princess and his

most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of ivie and Lunenburgh.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell, Colonel (ham, Mr. OJzcald, the Earl of Fife, Mr. Drake, Mr. William Hervey, Mr. Robivfcn, Sir George SavileSir Charles

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the ami Sir Richard Warwick do

‘ ' attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Resolved, Nemine contr.adicenle. That a cangratulatory Message be sent to her Royal Highness. the Pr in cel’s Dowager of Wales, on the happy Nuptials of her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta and his most

House.

The said Accounts and Copy are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

Dittd.

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunfivic ~~ ‘ ' ~ ' and

Ordered, That the Lord Percival, Mr.

Elliot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Winter ton, Mr. John Parker, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rushout, Mr.

Sir and Sir William Beauchamp do attend her Royal Highness with the said Message.

House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, from the 23d Day of June 1754, to the 23d June 1761; distinguishing each Year, and how much, arose from Duty, and how much from Composition: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duty on Hops grown in England, from Midsummer 1754, to MidJ'um-mer 1761; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the several Duties upon Coffee and Chocolate, that have been pgid from 5th Day of July 1755, to 5th July distinguishing the Amount of each Duty in Year.

And then he withdrew.

Refdtoed, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory

Message be sent to her Royal Highness the Princess Augustar, and his most Serene Highness the Hereditary 1763 > PrmGe ‘of Btunftvic and Lunenburgh, on this happy each Occasion.

Ordered, That General ToionJhend, Qo\onc\ Burgayne, Lord George Sutton* Sir John Philipps, Sir Edtoara

Ditto.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Sir George Pocock, General Honeywood, Sir

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Edmund Thomas, General Howard, Sir John Griffin

Militia . Certificates.

r,.

Ifr

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ellis, Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Sussex, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Return to an Order of the House of the 16th Day of December last, for the proper Officer for the several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford, Stafford, Suffer, Nottingham, Northampton, Hereford, Rutland,

Griffin, and Mr. Rider, do attend their Highnesses With the Ibid.Message.

The Order of the Day being read, for the At tendance of John Wilkes Esquire, in his Place, answer a Charge mentioned in an Order of this Lloufe of Thursday the First Day of December lafi;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the Ifcufe, that be, mpon Tuesday last, received a Letter by the General Poll from Mr. Wilkes, dated Paris the nth Instant, inclosing a Paper in the French Language, purporting to be a Certificate of One of the French King’s Phy-

Privilege; to Mr. Wilkes.

Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, to lay before this "ciai?s» ana °* a Surgeon of the ^feid King s Army,

House, Copies, of the Certificates mentioned in the relating to the State ot Mr. R ilkes sHealth, fub

uAccount* i f Public titi' Debt*.

said Order.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the l louse.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of

feribed with Two Names, but not authenticated before a Notary Public, nor the Signature thereof verified in any Manner Whatsoever.

And Mr. Speaker read the said letter totlie House; and, by Direction of the I'ioufe, Hated the Purport of the said.Paper to the House.

The said Letter and Paper are as followeth; viz.

Paris, Hotel de Saxe, Jon. lx, 1764.

Sir,

I cannot express the Concern I am under from the

His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out atChriJlmas\at\-, Impossibility 1 now findof attending my Duty in Par-Vol. 29. liament

112

190 Januarii.

A. 1764.

Privilege; meat on the 19th of this Month; I have {offered very Mr. Wilkei. much from the Tour I made here in the Holydays to fee my Daughter; my Wound is again become extremely painful, the Parts are very much inflamed, and a Fever 'attends it. I inclose a Certificate of One of the King’s Physicians and of a Surgeon of the Army, Gentlemen of Eminence in their Profession, who think it absolutely necessary for me to stay some Time longer at Paris. I refer to the Certificate itself for the Particulars.

The Irapatienoe I feel tojuftify myself to the House, from the groundless and cruel Attacks made upon me, and the Zeal I hope ever to retain for the Vindication of the sacred Rights of the Commons of Great,

and the Privileges of Parliament, both of which have been grossly violated in my Person, had determined me to set out for England on Friday next, but I now find myfelfincapableofperfbrming thejourney: Iamthere-fore. Sir, under the Necessity of intreating you to fubnait my same to the House; and I doubt not from their Justice that a more distant Day will be appointed, when it may be in my Power to attend the Discussion of Points, very important in themselves, and in which I am very materially concerned.

I would not. Sir, implore this of the House, if I thought the Delay could be attended with any possible Inconvenience to the Public; and I beg to observe that I seized the First Moment, which the Resolutions of Parliament gave me to enter my Appearance to the Informations filed against me in the King's Bench.

I am, with due Respect and Regard,

Sir,

Your moil obedient Right Honourable humble Servant;

Sir John Cujl John Wilkes.

Nous fouflignes m£decin consultant du Roi, ci de-vant medecin en chef de fes Armees en Allemagne et en Efpagne, et nous Chirurgien consultant des Armees, et Chirurgien Major du Regiment des Gardes Frangoifs, certifions que Monsieur Jean Wilkes eft dans un etat que ne lui permet point, tant par raport & fa bleffure qui n’eftpas encore entierement cicatrifee, que par raport a la Fievre qui lui eft furvenue d’entreprendre la Route de Paris a Londress qu’il feroit a craindre, un-1’ inflammation et le bourfouftlement considerable arrives depuis peude jours, qu’il ne fe format une hernie a la quelle, il ne feroit point possible de remedier, que pour prevenir cet accident, dont il eft menace et que le mouvement violent, tel que celui d’uiie Chaise de poste, et 1’agitation de la mer ne manqueroient pas de determiner, il eft absolument indispensable qu’il refte encore quelque terns a Paris. En foi de quoi nous lui avons delivr6 le present Certificate. A Paris, 11 Janvier 1764.

Ninnin.

Dujouarc.

And the House being informed, that Doctor Heher~ den, Mr. Hawkins, Doctor Brocklejby, and Mr. Graves, were attending at the Door, according to Order;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Order of the Day; for the Attendance of John Wilkes Esquire, in his Place, to answer a Charge mentioned in an Order of this House of Thursday the First Day of December last, bq adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; f The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tlte Yeas, f } ,01'

Tellers lor the Noes, Thomas Pill.] 2«'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question lteing put, That John ll’ilkcs Esquire, a Member of this lloufe, having been required, by the repeated Ordeis of this House, to attend in his Place, to answer the Charge of being the Author and Ptibiilher of the printed Paper, intituled, " 'Hie NorthBriton, N* 45," and having been from Time to Time excused from his Attendance upon the Days appointed, on the Kepro fentations made to this' House of his utter Inability to attend in respect of his Health; and, after refilling to admit the Physician ami Surgeon appointed by this House to observe and report the Suite of ids Health, having withdrawn himself into a foreign Country, without assigning a sufficient Caul’e; is guilty ofa Contempt of the Authority of this House; and tt at this Ileu s will therefore now proceed to bear the Evidence upon the Matter of the said Charge;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, fl°rd T!‘r."" nd;.

| General I ownjhend:

Tellers for the Noes, {

1 2

} 7°

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then another of the said Papers, intituled, " The North Briton, N° 45," vvas produced, and delivered in at the Table.

And federal of the Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined, in Support of the said Charge.

And the said Persons were severally directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further hearing of Evidence upon the Matter of the said Charge be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The Iloule divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for he Yeas, {&%£* } 6-I-

Tellers for the Noes, J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several other of the Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, and also another Witness, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined, and Evidence was produced, in further Support of the said Charge.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further hearing of Evidence upon the Matter of the said Charge, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J Calvert: 1

rp - . vr t Mr. Frederick Montagu, I

Tellers for the Noes ifSir jM« I "7

So it passed in the Negative.

Then another of the Persons who were ordered to attend this House, this Day, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, in further Support of the said, Charge.

And he was directed to withdraw.

And the House having continued to fit till past Two of the Clock, on Friday Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pul, That the further hearing of Evidence upon the Matter of the said Charge, be adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

Then another of the Person; who were ordered to attend this House this D..was called hi, ard

also

4-Geo. III. 190 — 20° — 230 Januarii. 723

'J t

also One of the afore-mentioned Wit nodes was again calit 'i in: rnd, at the Bar, severallyexamined; and Evidence was produced in further Support of the said Charge.

And the said Persons were severally directed to withdraw.

/ieft >lveA, That it appears to this that the said John Wilkes, Esquire, is guilty of Writing and

Publishing the Paper, intituled, "Ylie North N* 4t," wltich this House has voted to be a false, scandalous, and seditious Libel, containing Expressions of the most unexampled Insolence and Contumely towards His Majesty, the groffelt Aspersions up both Houses of Parliament, and the most audacious D etiance of the Authority of the whole Legislature; and most mamfedly tending to alienate the Affections of the People from His Majesty, to withdraw them front their Obedience to the Laws of the Realm, and to excite them to traitorous Insurrections against His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That the said John , Esquire, be, for his laid Offence, expelled this House.

And it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on FridayMorning, the House adjourned till this

Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris% 20® die;

Anno 4® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Congratulations on this joyful Occasion; which I look upon as a new Mark of their Regard.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilotford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A?5 Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Maun'"y better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, with- Desertion. out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bl’nd’s for establishing and carrying into Execution, certain ^date*. Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, foraDivision of certain real Estates, in the County of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Medengers withdrew.

Complaint being now made to the House, of a Breach Privilege; of the Privilege of this House, by Robert Wood, Esquire, Mr. Wilkes, a Member of this House, Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, a Member of this House, Robert Blackmore, James Watson, and John Money, by the Imprisonment of the Perl’on of John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illegal Manner;

And the said Mr. Webb and Mr. Wood being in their Places;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Morning next.

1

"i'-

jrksbury

Writ.

» ferriage' of the '*f' rincefi If ugufla.

die

Hr.’

1 I*

if

It

s t

Prayers.

/TRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Bucks, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire, expelled this House.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Ad lrefs of Yesterday, to congratulate His Majesty on the happy Nuptials of her Royal Highness the Priucefs Augnjta, and his most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of and Lunenburs.li,

had been present eel to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say,

Gentlemen,

I receive this very dutiful Address of the House of Commons with great Satisfaction, as it gives Me a fresh Mark of their Affection to My Person and Family.

The Lord Percival acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen appointed to attend her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended her Royal High-nef9 accordingly; and that her Royal Highnefe was pleased to say;

Gentlemen,

I return you heartily, Thanks for this Mark of your Attention and regard for me and the Happiness of my Family.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

M --^e of the Princess Augufia.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Add efs of Monday lait, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lilt therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented. to His Majesty, and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Frederick Campbell acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House had attended I ler Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to say;

Gentlemen,

1 am obliged to the House of Commons for their Vol. aq.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun<z> 2 30 die "Januarii \

Anno 4® Georgii III*' Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable the Rector of the Parish and Bury Parish Church of Bunt, in the County of Glebe*

for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

8 X Mr.

i^-

Rochdale

Glebe.

Mercers'

Company.

724

2 30 Januarii. A. 1764

Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Jarrit , Mr. , Mr.

WilbrahamBooth?, Mr. Sandys, Mr. OJbaldefon, Mr. Nugent, Sir Lynch SalujburyColton, Mr. Burrell, General Stanwix, Mr. Morton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Butler, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Price, Sir Gli/nne, Mr.

Howard, Mr. Cooke, Mr. lleroey, Mr. IVebb, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Barrow, Sir George Mr. Prefect, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Rw Lord Barrington,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Sir William CodringtoMr. IVilbraham,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Craven; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Derby, land, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Anthony AbdyMr. Prescot, Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Tmonshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. llervey, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Luttrell, Mr.

Hexvett, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Baker,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Nugent, Sir Roger Mr. Fane,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Boiler, Mr. Upton, Mr. Plump!re,

Mr. Craven, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Morton, Lord Hany Porclett, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Pye, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Barre, Mr. Drake, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Chobnley, Mr. Clive, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Edmonstone; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Derby, York,

Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting, That by an Act passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, it is enacted, That the Duty of

Six-pence a Chaldron upon Coals, which by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, was granted to the City of London for a Term of Fifty Years to commence from the 29 th of September 1700, should be continued for the further Term of Thirty-five Years; and the Monies arising thereby he paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of London, and that the yearly Sum of £. 3000, out of the Produce of the said Duty, should, during the said additional Term, be paid, by the Chamberlain of London, to the Petitioners, by half yearly Payments, to be applied by them towards the Payment of their Annuitants, and other Creditors: and to that Purpose the Petitioners were directed, within One Month after Mich 1

to make out a general Account, in Manner in the Petition described, of all Sums that should be then due and in Arrear to the Petitioners Annuitants, and their Representatives; which Sums were thereby declared to be principal Sums, and to carry an Interest at Three per Cent, until the same should be paid and difehirged; and that after Michaelmas 1750, the Petitioners should apply the said yearly Sum of£. 3/100, in the First Place, towards Payment of so much of the Annuities which should from thenceforth become payable, by virtue of the Deeds of Settlement made for the Benefit of the Annuitants, as the Estates of the Petitioners in Set-

tlement would not be sufficient to satisfy; and that when the said yearly Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, together with the Rents and Profits of the Estates in Settlement, should be more than sufficient to pay the said Annuities, that then, as any Surplus should arise, and be sufficient to pay half a Year’s Interest, the Petitioners were required to apply such Surplus, as the same should come in, in the first Place, towards discharging the Interest, which, after Michaelmas 1750, shall grow due on the Sums of Money, which, at that Time, were due for the Arrears of the said Annuities before directed to be considered as Principal, until such Interest should be all paid, and after Payment thereof, and of the growing Interest thereon, such Surplus should, so often as the same would be sufficient to payTen Pounds per Cent.on the Principal, be applied to reduce and pay off the principal Sums, in an equal Proportion, until the w?hole should be fully paid and discharged; and that when the said yearly Sum of £.3,000, together with the Rents and Profits of the Estates in Settlement, should have paid and discharged all the Arrears of the said Annuities, and the Interest thereof, and should be more than sufficient annually to pay the respective Annuities, the Petitioners were required to reserve the Surplus arising from the said yearly Sum of£.3,000, to be applied to the Payment of such other Creditors of the Petitioners as should be deemed proper Objects of Relief, and in such Manner as should be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament; and alleging, that the Petitioners, by the Bounty of Parliament, wdiich they acknowledge with the greateftThankfulness, together with the Rents and Profits of their Estates in Settlement, have been enabled not only to discharge all the Arrears of the Annuities, with the Interest thereof, but have also duly and punctually paid their respective Annuities, and that there is at present a Surplus of 4000 reserved in the Hands of the Petitioners, arising from the said yearly Sum o {£.3000, to be applied by Parliament to the Payment of such other Creditors of the Petitioners as shall be deemed proper Objects of Relief; and representing to the House, that the said Surplus will annually inercafe; but the Petitioners cannot apply the same to the discharging of Debts due to any other of their Creditors, without the Authority of Parliament; and further representing, that the Petitioners are indebted in very considerable Sums of Money, for Charities, or Money Legacies, Bond Debts, and Ample Contraft Debts, which they have no other Way of satisfying than out of the Surplus resulting from their Estates in Settlement, which is very insufficient to discharge the fame; and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cujl, Mr. Pre/cot, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hewett, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr Mr. Ward, Mr. Shelley, Sir Edward Mr.

llervey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bejl, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Stephens, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Pratt, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Smith, Mr.

Burrell, Lord Clive, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Mr.

Haney, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Craven, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gray, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. djdmonstone. Lord Works Mr. Upton, Lord Percival;and all the Alembers who serve for the City of London jand for the Counties of Middlesex, Ejfet, Kent, and Sand all the Merchants

of

F

b

T1

ft

*I<S

liti

'i

H

-T*5

4 Geo. III.

21° Januarii.

725

, Ur

it;

ifo

Fothfrby

Inclosure*

a-:

4)i-- T'rfW; :i Eoadl

3rk

CtD>

Ij2U

'fe/>

t4t«-

fcV

<»* it I '-' ii

Mi i; ftp

fare-'

st#

of the House; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chilver*

Cotou

Inclosure.

A Petition of William Conjfable, Esquire, Lord of Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, ac- the Seignory of Holderness, in the County of

*n " n;n c'- a:-:a:--1 "'1 and also Lord of the Manors of and Cleefon, in

the same County, Thomas Esquire, and Mercy

Staidly, Widow, Lessee for Three Lives under Grace the Lord Archbishop of York, and of all the Tythes, Great and Small, arising within the Township of Skipfea aforesaid, and also of certain Glebe Lands there, (the said Thomas Acklom being likewise the absolute Owner of other Lands and Tenements within the said Town-ftiip) Fountayne Wentworth OJbaldeJion, Esquire, John , Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, being Owners, or otherwise interested in the several Open Fields and Grounds therein after mentioned, was presented to the House and read; Setting ' forth. That within the said Township of Skipfea are several Open Fields and Pieces of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, distinguished by the several Names of the North Field, South Field, Steng Carrs, Undrum, Half Held, Outlei]s, Far Field, Hall Garth, and the Bail, whereof the North, the South, and the Half Field, are Arable, Meadow, and Pasture, and the rest are Meadow or Pasture Grounds; and that the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, lying together, and the different Properties of the several Persons interested therein being intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, are attended with much Detriment and Inconvenience to the Proprietors thereof, and, in their present State, are capable of little Improvement; and alleging, that it will be of great Advantage that the said Fields and Grounds thou Id be inclosed and divided, and specific Allotments made thereof; that the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, have executed Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; but by Reason of the Infancy, and other Disabilities of some of the said Proprietors, the Petitioners are apprehensive the said Inclosure and Division cannot be carried into Execution, and rendered effectual, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establilli the said Articles, and carry the same into Execution. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

f, mt r ,tin.,; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Cone/burg, Warnsworth and Batlby and from thence for. Mr'. Sir Smile, and Mr.

to the Town of Doncaster, is very dangerous, and m do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

a ruinous Condition, narrow m many Places, and cannot be widened and repaired by the present Method prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in fitch Manner and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewetl, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Price, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. OJbaldeJion,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lane, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Montagu, Lord Barrington, Mr. Buller, Sir William

Baker, Mr. Marche y, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiffner,

Skipfea

Inclosure.

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish o fChilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick: And the

fume was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend D.D.

and Samuel Roycroft the younger, Esquire, Lords of the Manor of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend John Goodwin, Vicar of the Parish of Fotherby, John Lockin, Anthony Bennett, and others, whole Names

are i hereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Land in, and having Right of Common upon, the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Gibbons, Mr. OJbaldeJion and Mr. Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of in the said

County, through the d own of Rotherham, Thryberg,

Mr. Craven, Mr. Townfield, Lord Strange, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Robert Ladbroke Mr. Filzroy Scudamore, Sir Edward WinningtonMr. Hervey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Butler, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

loughby, Mr. Pye, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Barrotv, Mr. Edmonhone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Whit-

worth, Sir Charles Keim/sand all the Members who fevve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lancaster, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Vol. 29.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Te in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act passed in the 29th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, certain Tolls are granted for repairing, amongst other Roads, the Road leading from Tewkesbury, through the Parishes of Tewkesbury and Ash Church, and from thence to Cofcomb Gate, in the Parish of in

the said County; and that the Trustees to the said Act have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls directed to be paid on the said Road from Tei to Cofcomb Gate, which now remains unpaid; and that they have expended such Sum so borrowed, and divers other large Sums of Money, in the Repair of the said Road; but nevertheless the same is now in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, unless the said Act is amended, and further Powers granted, particularly for erecting another Turnpike on the said Road, with additional Tolls; and that great Part of the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road from Teiokesbury towards Riff’s Elm, in the said Act also mentioned, at or near a Place called Coomb Hill, to the Turnpike Road leading from, the City of Gloucester towards Tewkesbury aforesaid.

Tewkeftniry

Road.

Alfreton,

Sec,

Road.

726 2 30 Januarii.A. 1764.

said, to a certain Bridge at or near a Place called Norton Mill, being Part of the upper Road leading from the said Town of Tewke/burtjto the City of aforesaid, is very ruinous and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for impowering the said Trustees to erect another Turnpike or Toll Gate on the said Road, leading from the Town of TeiokeJbunj to Gale

aforesaid, with new and additional Tolls to be taken and received at such Turnpike or Toll Gate; and for granting to the Trustees further Powers for the better widening, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road; and also that the said Road, leading from the said Tewkesbury Turnpike Road to the said Gloucester Turnpike Road, may be added to the-Turnpike Road directed to be repaired by the said Act, leading from the said Town of Tewkesbury towards Piss’s Elm aforesaid, and be subject to the same Powers and Authorities, and be repaired and kept in Repair in the same Manner as the said Road leading from the Town of towards Tiff's Elm aforesaid, is directed by the said Act to be repaired; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

Sharpe, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Codes, Mr. Sandys. Sir Mr. Teuton, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Kynaston, Sir

Thomas, M r. Buller, Lord Harry Toivlett, M r. Shffner, Mr. U’Ini worth, Mr. TreJ’cot, General Stanwix, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Mr Mr.

Jhend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Plainer, Sir

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hervey, Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Harvey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a Place in the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, called zcell, and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Huthrough the Town of Sutton, in A'hjiclJ,to the Mansfield and Newark

Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of icoud, are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Maw bey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sir Anthony

Abdy, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Armj/ed Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Air Norris, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Begot, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Colonel

Barre, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Butler, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ryder, Colonel Howe, Mr. Plutnp-tre, Lord Rurgherjh, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas,

Mr. Dison, Lord Harry Pow, Mr. Luttrell, Air.

~»5

Wood, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gray, and all

the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Nottingham,

Derby, Stafford, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are Alfreton, thereunto subscribed, Owners, or Tenants, of all the &c. Lands lying up, or adjoining to, a certain Lane at the West End of the Town of Sutton, in in the County of Nottingham, called Willoxvbridge, or brig Lane, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and all others, the Owners and Tenants of Lands lying up, or adjoining to, the said Lane, which is about 759 Yards long, is narrow, and, in several Places, ruinous and incommodious, immemorially have had, and yet of Right ought to have, a Way or Paflhge up the said Lane, to and from their several Lands, with their Horses, Carts, and Carriages; and that they, and all other His Majesty’s Subjects, going or travelling from the said Town of Sutton, in Ashfield, towards Alfreton, in the County of Derby, or from Alfreton, aforesaid, or any other Town or Place Wellward, towards Sutton, in Ashfield, aforesaid, have also a prescriptive Right of going or travelling on or through the said Lane, the East End whereof is not more than Yards from, and the West End thereof adjoins to, the Common or Public Highway leading from Alfreton aforesaid, to the Town of Sutton, in Afifield, aforesaid, and to Mansfield, in the said County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners are informed of Application being intended to be made to the House, for repairing the High Roads mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and alleging, that unless the said Lane be effectually flopped, so as to prevent the Petitioners and all others from going or travelling through the fame, the Tolls intended to he collected by the Bill prayed for by the said Petition, may be greatly evaded: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to the Commissioners in the said Bill to be named, or any Five or more of them, to erect a locked Gate at the West End of the said Lane, and that they may give to each of the Petitioners a Key to the fame; and that the Petitioners may be subject ed to such Penalties for any Mifufer thereof, and that such other Order or Provision may be made therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, or Portreeve, Gentle- Cillingtoo men, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or K01J1 near the Town and Borough of in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Jload leading from Callington, over HingstonDown, to the West End of

New Bridge, in the Parish of Cu/Jiock, and from the said Road on Hingston Down, near a Place called Seven Stones, to the West End of Horse Bridge iu

the Parish of Stoke Climjland; and also the Road from Callington, through Saint Ive Church Town, to Conibroxv, in the Parish of Saint Ive aforesaid; and also the Road from Callington to Watergate, in the Parish of Southill; and also the Road from Callington, over Hingston Dozen, to Bushford, in the Parish of Stoke Climjland aforesaid; and from the said last mentioned Road on Hingston Dozen, to a Smith’s Shop called Calmady’s Shop, in the Parish of Stoke aforesaid; and also the Road from Callington to Bearland Bridge, in the Parish of Callington aforesaid; and also

irrpfurd

Poor.

4 Geo. Ill;

2 30 januarii.

tl:c Road 'from CaUington, by Brendan's Tree, over Vhrrdon Dozen, through Saint to Renter'sCrofs,

in the Parish of Piilaton;and also the Road from CaUington to Clapper Bridge, in the Parish of Piilaton aforesaid; all in tiic said County of Comic-ell; are very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and in many Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass without the great ell Difficulty: and that the same eannot he repaired by the ordinary Methods preferihed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner and under such Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Mr.

Or an, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Corks, Mr Mr. Hard,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Doudejwell, Mr. Harveij, Sir William Codrmgfon, Mr. Morton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Pent on, General Stanwix, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Upton,

Mr. Maiobey, Mr. Dison, Mr. Parker, Sir William

Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. A Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ToicuJ,field. Sir Smith, Mr.

Mr. Core, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Lalids, Houses, Tythes Impropriate, Propriatious of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Sampford, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto l’ub-Icribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and contributing to the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, was presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Hundred have of late Years greatly increased, are now very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a much greater Expence and Charge than formerly; and representing to the House many Advantages, which, the Petitioners allege* would ariic from the granting of proper Powers, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor within the said Hundred, and the providing a Place for their general Reception: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, I loufes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriatious of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the said Hundred of Sampford, with such Provisions, Authorities, and Powers therein, for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing the Poor within the said Hundred, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lloud, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Cray, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Ward, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Doivdcfwell, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Upton, Mr. Hervey, Mr. O'buldcJ/on, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Mr. Fane, Mr. I Food, Mr. Hexcett, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whikcorth, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Glynne, \ir.

Abdy, Mr. Townshend, Sir dairies Mordaunt, Mr. Hume, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Lord Strange, Mir.

F.dmonstone, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Cocks, Lord Uowne, Sir William Meredith, Sir j and

Yoi.

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk,

Norfolk, and F.ff'ex: And they are to meet ihis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the knareftorough Borough of Knaresborough, and of that Part of thfe Waterworks.

Township of Scrivenwith Tentergate', adjoining upon Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of

York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the said Part of the said Town-ship of Scriven with Tentergate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the furnishing the said Borough, and the said Part of the said Totvn-lliip of Scriven with Tentergate, with Water, would be of great Convenience, to the Petitioners, as well as great Advantage in case of Fires; and that Leonard

Atkhjon of Methlcy, and John Ijrmas of Selby, both of the said County of York, Engineers, are willing to undertake the furnishing a sufficient Quantity of Water at a reasonable Expence to the said Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Undertakers may be furnished with such Powers for that Purpose, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. JFood, Mr. Towjhend, Lord Frederick Cavendish,

Mr. Sandys, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Al Mr. Butler, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Maxobey,

Sir Kendick Clayton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Byde, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hervey, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Pennant, Lord Strange, Mr. Upton, Sir William Meredith, M r. Dowdeswell, Lord Harry -

lett, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Westmorelands Cumberland, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thfe Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Peffons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Leonard Atkinfonof Methley, and John Ditto.

Lomas of Selby, both of the West Riding of the County of York, Engineers, was presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners are willing, at their own Expence, to undertake the furnishing the Borough of Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tentergate, in the same Riding and County, adjoining upon Knaresborough, aforesaid, with a sufficient Qantity of good and wholesome Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and that Part of the said Township of Scriven with Tentergate adjoining thereupon; which the Petitioners propose to raise, by an Engine, out o the River Nidd, which runs by Knaresborough aforesaid, and to convey, by Pipes, into the Streets of the said Borough, and the said Part of the said Township of with

Tentergate, at a reasonable Expence to the Inhabitants thereof, respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veil the said Water-works, when erected, in the Petitioners and their Heirs; and to grant the Petitioners the necessary Powers for effecting the said Undertaking, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, the House.

8 Y A Petition

Nonnen’i

Nat.

Reincke’s

Nat.

Accoonti; Russian Tallow.

Duty on Cyder and Perry.

Militia

Certificates,

Highway*; Application of Money.

2 3° Januarii. A. 1764.

A Petition of Egbert Nonntn was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Maicbeyand Sir Anthony Abdy do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Reincke was presented to the House, and read; praying, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill depending in the House for naturalizing William

Ordered, That the said Petition , do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into this Kingdom from Russia from the 1754, to the ift of January 1764; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are l’ubjecled to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with Respect to* the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise I^aws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that so much of the said Act as subjects the said Duties to the Excise Laws may be repealed, and the Collection of the said Duties put on a more constitutional Footing; and that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Agent

to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of a Certificate made out by the Lieutenant of the County of Cambridge to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of the Second of His present Majesty: Andalfo,

Copy of a Certificate made out by the said Lieutenant to the Justices of the Peace for the Me of Ely, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act: And also,

Copy of a Certificate made out by the said Lieutenant to the Justices of the Peace for the Town of Cambridge, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copeis were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected within Twelve Years last past, by Virtue of any Act of Parliament for repairing any particular Highway; And that they report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Timo to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Philipps, Mr. Whilicorlh, Sir Edmund , Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Muwbey, Captain Mr. Nugent, Mr. Edmonjione, Mr. Mr.

Vane, Mr. Rigby, Lord llarry Mr. Shiftier,

Lord Ca/herlongh, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Upton, Mr. hel-

ler, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Sharpe,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pryce, Mr. l)ufort, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. O/ieald, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Abdy, Mr. Ileicett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bun rli,

Mr. Ojbaldefton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bailer, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Lord Cary start, Mr. Barrow, Lord

Mr. Willoughby, Sir Jam'/ Smith, Mr. Sir Morgan, Mr. Gray, Colonel Mr. Cho/mley, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Lane, Lord

Percival, Mr. Wil/bti, Lord Mr. Craven, Lord

Warkworth, Mr. Webb, Sir John Mr. Sir

Charles Kemys Tynfe, Mr. Wilb Lord Grey, Mr. Godolphin, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir George: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow er to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And all w ho come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees of the Miifemn, m

being offered to be presented to the House; Maftua

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that 11 is Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to the House, That the Sum allowed to them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of Thirty thousand Pounds reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to Niue hundred Pounds, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming of their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they obtained a Grant of a further Sum <jf Two thousand Pounds, to supply, for the present, the Deficiencies of their Income, which Sum, together with the Produce of the said £.30,000, is now so far spent, that what remains is not even sufficient to defray the Expences of the last Year: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by Parliament, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the wrhole House, to w'hom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Trustees of the British Museum Dim do lay before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Wdtmisk cution the several Acts of Parliament, paired in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein; being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said

Petition

Yi

Acc

Kav

B

for

Ur,

s

w

4 Geo. III.

2 30 — 24* Jamarii

'V 1 Vf

Navy and ViftnalHag BilU*

Mr,

;V,

IV,; -If ir:

fc;

i ir

my

,ar:

llii'J,

LU.

kl

M

k

>V| I:

<4: ia!v-

e i; Accounts;

Bill*.

!) t'i

Privil*sjc } Mr. Wilkts*

E '

:e.<

Supply.

‘fi Wayi

V and it' bStMOh

p#

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have made a further Pro* gress in performing and executing the Powers and Trulls reposed in them by the said A<is; in doing which they have expended and engaged, by Contract and otherwise, to pay the greatest Part of the Monies already granted for the Purposes mentioned in the said Acts; and representing to the House, that the Works directed by the said Acts to be performed are very exten-five: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such further Sum of Money, as shall bethought proper, to enable the Petitioners to proceed in the further Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of several of the Holders of the Navy and Victualling ^Bilfs, not subscribed into per Cent. Annuities, agreeable to tho'Directions of an Act passed in the Iaft Session of Parliament for that Purpose, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read: Taking Notice, That by the said Act it is ordered, that all Persons possessed of or interested in Navy or Victualling Bills, made out on or before 31 December

1762, carrying them to the proper Oflices at any Time on or before the 31st of March 1763, the Sums, with the Interest due thereon, should be made into Annuities, to bear Interest from the said 45th of

1763, at the Rate of per Cent, but that having omitted to subscribe their Bills as aforesaid, which they are willing to do, and to be put upon the same Footing with those already subscribed; therefore praying the House will take their same into Consideration and grant such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1762, and have not been converted into Annuities af7 ter the Rate of £. 4 per Centum, per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Friday Iaft, for hearing at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Morning next, the Matter of the Complaint made to this House, in Relation to the Breach of Privilege mentioned in the said Order, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 13th Day of February next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconlider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 29.

729

House, to consider fur flier of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clook.

Mart is, 2 40 die Januarii;

Anno 4® Georgii III. Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

TlflLLIAM Dingmaii and John Reincke took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bennon dj'ey, in the County of Surrey;

and Lewi/ham. in the County of Kent: was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act the Petitioners are authorised to lay out, make, and keep in Repair, several Roads; and impowered to take the several Tolls in the said Act mentioned; and alleging, that the Petitioners, in the Execution of the Trull rep'ofed in them, have purchased Lands, laid out and made the said new Roads, and have been obliged for those Purposes to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, which Hill remains due upon the Credit of the said Tolls; nor can the same be repaid out of the present Toll, which is insufficient to keep th? Roads in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; that the widening the said Roads in feme Places would be of public Utility; and being near the Cities o( London, Westminster, and the Borough of tvark, and very much frequented, Persons travelling the same by Night are frequently exposed to Robberies and other Outrages, which the Petitioners apprehend might be in a great measure prevented, if a regular nightly Watch were established upon the said Roads, and a sufficient Number of Lamps fe$ up to enlighten the same; but that the present Income of the Tolls is inadequate for those Purposes, nor are the Petitioners impowered to execute the same; and that the said Act has been found defective: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for increasing the Tolls granted thereby; and for explaining and amending the same, in such Manner as to the House Ibali appear necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mato-bey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. K Sir Charles -

daunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grofv Mr. Buller, %\tjar-rit Smith, Mr. Forrester, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Harvey, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Jack/on, Mr. Ward, Mr. Parker, Mr, Calvert, Mr. Toionjhend, Nit. Grenville, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bull, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Pratt, Sir Edmund {/ham, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onglty, Mr. Luther, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of Surrey, Kent,

Suffix, and Efex;and for the Cinque Ports: And they

ere

JLambtth

and

Newingtoa

Road*.

730 240 Januarii. A. 1764.

are to meet, this Afternoon, pt five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whet (tone A Petition of Dame Dorothy Widow, Mo-

laclosure. ther and Guardian of Ch Esquire, a Minor, late Cliaiks Loraine, Second Son of the late Sir Charles Loraine, Baronet, deceased, Patron of the Advowson, of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of in the County of Leicester, with the Chapel of in the said County, and Impropriator of the great Tythes of the same: John Simmonds, V icar of the said Parish Church

with the Chapel of Whetstone aforesaid; William Freer, John Pratt, William Allen, John Martin, and John But-

ler; and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the Open Fields and Lordship of Whetstone aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; ami are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields, and the Common Pastures,' Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Ground there were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Person interested, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Common and Waste Grounds of Whetstone aforesaid, under fitch Rules and Regulations as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer, and Sir Edmund Jsham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitby A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders,

Suetto and other Inhabitants of the Town of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Name? are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, and public Passages in the Town of Whitby aforesaid, are in general very irregularly and ill-paved, and much broken and tore up by the Carts and other Carriages with narrow Wheels employed in the said Town for the carrying ofGoods and Merchandizes; and that the Inhabitants are greatly annoyed by their continuing in the Streets longer than necessary, and by the Filth and Dirt occasioned thereby, for want of the Streets being duly swept and cleaned, and by Incroachments and other Nuisances therein; and that it would tend to the great Ease and Convenience of the ✓ Inhabitants of the said Town, if Trustees were appointed, with sufficient Powers, to order and direct the paving add repairing the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, from Time to Time, as Occafidn shall require; and to widen the fame, and to appoint Scavengers to sweep and cleanse the fame; and to lay Assessments upon the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Tenements within the ftiid Town, to defray the Expences thereof; and also with Power to remove and prevent Incroaclunents and Annoyances in the said Town; and to regulate the Carts and Carriages used therein for carrying Goods and Merchandizes, and to fix and regulate the Wages of Porters employed in parrying Coals and other Goods in the said Town; which Matters and Thing3 cannot be sufficiently provided for by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bili for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Justice8 of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, «Vid Tcaders, residing. in the Town of Whitby, in the

North Riding of the County of is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them; to the House.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen; Witty Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and others, kwk living in or near the Town of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the greateil Part of the Road leading from the said Town towards Pickering and Malt on, in the said North Riding, and from thence to the City of York, lies through several miry deep Lanes, and several Miles over wide open boggy Moors, which in Winter and rainy Seasons are so very soft and deep, that Carriages, and even Travellers on I lorfeback, could not, without great Danger of being loft, or iticking fall, pass through the fame, until about One Year and a half ago, when the Inhabit tains of the said Town of Whitby, and other neighbour? tug Places, raised amongst themselves by voluutary Subscription the Sum of £. 1500, or thereabouts, and have since. laid tho same out in making a Road over great Part of the said Moors; but the same cannot be kept in good Repair, nor the other Parts of the said Road lie sufficiently repaired and maintained, oi<wii!eu-ed where necessary, unless some further Provision, than can, by the I.aws in being, be made for railing Money to be applied for those Purposes; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public in general, and particularly to the Laud Owners and Farmers in those Parts of the North Riding of the said County, to have an easy Communication with the said Town of , which they never had, nor can have with Horses or Carriages, unless a good Road be made, and kept iu Repair, between the said Town of and the

South End of Lofton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the said County, being the worli Part of the Road above mentioned, and containing in Length Sixteen Miles, or thereabouts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bijing in a Bill for effedhud-ly amending, repairing, and maintaining the said Part of the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho Consideration of a Committee; And that they do oca-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. MontagH,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. KMr. Mr. Saruhjs, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Farrester, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Towtishend, Mn Grosvenor, SIrJBailer, Mr. Doivdefwell, Mr. JackJ'on

Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, Mr. Luther, Mr. Ilewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trevatiion,

Lord At idle ton, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mn Solicitor General, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr.

Sir Armine Wodehotje, Mr. BGeneral A'Court, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gren-

ville, Mr. Onjloxc, Sir Richard Wanoick Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumber* land, and Wijlmoretund: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Commons, in- the Open and c® Common Fields, and Heath, within the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields and Heath lie dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Incouvenieneiee doa^ife; and alleging, that the Ibid.Fields and Heath are very fit and proper to b® inclosed, and would thereby be of great Profit and Advantage

5k

h‘

]»*

jVfl

be,

Ei

la

is

4 Geo. III. 24° j/anuard.

73i

1

' Stoake

f'trj Albany t inclosure.

,f\ u;.

ft

v-:t>

!,iia

I!,.. f

M jr;

iifi X

i'i I*-i m,) Ltt

D Newnham sr'3 Inclosure.

i k

)\m

€ kd

tot!*

Jo©

?, lii

r, k

f- Ererdon

(, Inclosure.

irtf

,w>*

ft

y:

r>

1:

K, j5*

-IC*

vantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields, and Heath, of JI ail don aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. OJband Mr. Whickcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

A Petition of the Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, Lord of the Manor of Stoake Albany, in the County of Northampton, Patron of the Rectory or Par-fonage Impropriate of Stoake Albany aforesaid, and also Proprietor of several Farms there; of the Rector or Incumbent thereof; and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of Stoake Albany aforesaid, wvhofc Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the I Ionfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the same Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested, it would greatly tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, and Impropriator of Newnham, in the County of Northampton-, of the Vicar or Minister of the Parish Church of Newnham aforesaid; and of the several Freeholders, Copy-holders, or Customary Tenants, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates-in the Open and Common Fields of Newnham aforesaid, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed; w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Properties in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation, but are very fit and proper to be inclosed and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Newnham aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Proved! and Fellows of the King’s College of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Eton, in the County of Bucks, near Windf Lords of the Manor and Patrons of the Rectory of otherwise Great

Everdon, and Lit tie Everdon, in the County of North-

ampton-, of the Rector and Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon, and Little Everdon aforesaid; and of the several Freeholders, Copyholders, or Customary Tenants, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Open and Common Fields of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon, and Little Everdon aforesaid, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Properties in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation, but are very lit and proper to be i»-Vol. 29.

closed and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon, and I Attic Everdon aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fumt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

A Petition of the Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Stoney St anion, in the County of Lei-cefier, and of and in the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Lord ship of Marjton,

in the Parish of Barwell, in the said County, belonging to, or used with, the said Fields of Stoney Si anton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields and Lordship lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their prtlent Situation, in a great measure incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields and Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Pastures, were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to improve the Petitioners several Estates in the said Fields and Lordship: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incioling the said Fields, Lands, Meadows, and Common hale Places.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir JarritSmith, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in the Open and Common Fields of HusbandsBosworth, in the County o was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Eliates in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise, and the same are thereby rendered incapable of Improvement, in their present Situation, but are very (it and proper to be inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields of l/ujbands Bojicorth aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir JarritSmith, and Sir Thomas Cave,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of T^mds and Eliates in the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Liberties of Nether Broughton, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Land Owners in the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That t he Petitioners Eliates in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures lie intermixed, ami dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniences do arise, and the same are incapable of Improvement, in their present Situation; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that it would be of great Advantage, if the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, were inclosed, and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incioling the fame, in Inch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, and Sir Smith, do prepare; and bring in, the lame.

S Z A Petition

:T

.i'V

Stoney

Sranton,

&TC.

Inclosure.

Hu (banc?* Bosworth Inclosure.

Ne'her

Brcu^hfon

Inclosure.

7 3 2 240 jamarii. A. 1764,

WHtoo Petition of the several Proprietors of Land, and Inclosure. otherwise interested in the Open and Common

Fieldsof Great Wigston in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of Land, and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Land of the several Proprietors in the said Fields lies greatly intermixed, and dispersed; and that it would be greatly advantageous to them, and the Persons otherwise interested in the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share, or Part thereof, allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested therein, in Severalty; and the Petitioners are desirous thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, and Sir Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Spalding A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle-througti men, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, that RwkT Live near the great Road leading from the High Bridge in the Town o t' Spalding, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, by and through the several Pa-rillies of Weston, Moulton, llolbeach, Fleet,

Gedney, Lutton, and Sutton Saint Maty's, to and from the Town of Sutton Si. Mary's aforesaid, over Sutton Common, through Sutton to the

Wash-side there, within the said Parts; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; lvas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is become so deep and ruinous, that it is almost impassable for Carriages and Horses in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Law's in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Brownloto

Bertie, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Duller, Mr. Luther, Mr. Roberts, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Hervexj, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Molyneux, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Honey wood, Mr. Ward, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. reau. Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Harvey, General A'Court, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Hugh, Dalrymple, Mr. Norris, Lord Mi die ton, Mr. IFcbb, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Gore, Lord Mr.

and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of

coln, Nottingham, York, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow'er to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Houghton A Petition of John Pindar, Esquire, in Right of Ann

Inclosure. his Wife, Lord of the Manor of Holton, otherwise Wathall Tetney with Holton, in Houghton in the Marsh,

otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of and also a Proprietor of Lands, and otherwise interested in the several Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Houghton aforesaid; and of Richai-dBeatmffe, Esquire, William Kirkby theyoung-er. Gentleman, and the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beingOwners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, w'ithin the said Open Fields and Grounds; was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, that within the said Parish and Township, are certain Open and Common Fields and Lands, confiding of Arable, Meadow, and Furze Ground, and distinguillied by the several Names of the East Field, the West Field, and the Ings; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors of the said Open Fields and Ings lying together intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, are attended with Loss and Inconvenience to the Parties, and, in their present State, capable of little or no Improvement and alleging, that if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, the same would be advantageous to all Parties interested, and of public Utility; and that the Petitioners have agreed that such Inclosure, and Allotments, should be made; and that a Compensation and Satisfaction should he allowed for the Tythes arising within the said Township and Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to elsect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcot and Lord Brownlvw Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Maddifon, Esquire, Lord of the Statoi* Manor of Stainton in (he Hole, in the County of coin, and also Lay Impropriator of a Moiety of the Rec- tory of Stainton in the I I ole aforesaid; Clerk,

Sequestrator of the Fruits and Profits of the other Moiety of the said Rectory, and also of the Vicarage of the Parish and Parish Church of Stainton in the Hole aforesaid, now vacant; and Edmund Turner the younger,

Esquire; was presented to the House, and read; Set- fail

ting forth, That there are within the said Manor and

Parish, Open, Common, Arable Fields, known by the Names of the East Field and West Field, and also a large Common, called the Moor i the whole conlifting of about 1900 Acres; and that the Lauds and Grounds belonging to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, for the moll, part, inconveniently litua-ated; and alleging, that it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the fame, together with the said Common Pasture, were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor inclosing and dividing the said Fields and Common Pasture, in such Manner as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcot and Lord Browidow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mawbey presented to the House, according to Nwinai Order, a Bill for Naturalizing Egbert Nonnen: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Pips’)k Gentlemen, and Freeholders, living in and nearthe City of Wells, in the County of Someifet, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the z6th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of cott, in the County of SomerJ'et, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath, and from to leading to the City of Bristol, is, in several respects, deficient and incomplete; and that the several Roads from Wt ells aforesaid, through halt Herrington, to the Beacon,

(where the Frame Turnpike Road ends) on the Foreli of Mendip, and from Wells aforesaid, through Duleot,

to

4 Geo. III. 24 0 Janu733

to the Town of Shepton , and to ami from Dulcot to SteanBrno Bridge, in the Parish of PilUm, in the County aforesaid; are in many Parts ruinous and narrow, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, Ik- effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a new Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Digby, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr. Shuttle-

worth.Sir Edmund IJhaMr. Hanbury, Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Bull, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

White, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Graft Mr. Burrell, Sir

John Philipps, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Smith, Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. AIdermanMr. Walter, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Sir William

Baker, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

DoivdeJivell, Mr. Rice, Sir Richard Bampfylde,

Mr. Parker, Sir Charles MordauntMr. Nugent, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Mo Mr.

Butler, Lord Grey, Mr. Bul/er, Lord George Mr. Harvey, Sir EdivardVeering, Mr. Sir

Francis Drake, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gray, and all the Members who l’erve for t he Counties of Scmerfet, Dor-Jet, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend ibr Paribus, Papers, and Records.

toclxtale to Petition of Jofias of Giglcficick, in the

Bumley County of York, Liqtiire, was presented to the House, Road. and read; Reciting several Provisions in an Act made in the 28th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening '.lie lload from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of , and alleging, that

a competent Number of Trufu.es caused Toll Gates to be placed, l olls to be collected, and a considerable Part of the said Road to be repaired; and borrowed the Sum of £. 500 of the Petitioner, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereof; and gave the Petitioner a Mortgage or Assignment of the said lolls under their Hands and Seals, dated the 20th Day of 1757, to fe-

enre the Payment of the said Principal Sum, and the Intereli thereof: But the Petitioner is advised, that he hath not a sufficient Power given him by the said Mortgage to enter upon the Toll Gates, loll Houses, and Tolls, (so mortgaged to him) upon Default of Payment of the said Principal, or the Intereli growing due thereon; and that the said/. 500 is still owing; and the Intereli due thereon, for above Five Years, is also due and unpaid to the Petitioner; and that before the said Act was obtained, there were several parallel Roads, nearly of equal Length, leading from Rochdale to Burnley, one of which is described by a Clause in the said Act, as being Part of the Road leading from Burnley to Halifax: the Trustees, nevertheless, apprehending that Clause was not meant to determine the Identity of the Road intended to be repaired by the said Act, fixed upon another Road, upon which a Toll Bar was erected, and Duties collected, at the Time when the Petitioner advanced the said £. 500; since which, several Doubts have nrifen, from different (onllriiftions of the abovesaid Clause, with respect to its ascertaining the Course and Identity of the said Road; and that a lufti-cient Number of Truliees, to act and adjourn, did not meet at Burnley on the 20th Day of June 1760, according to the Adjournment of the then lull preceding Meeting of the said Trustees, and the Clerk of the said Trustaes neglected to give Notice of succeeding Meetings of the Truliees, according to the Directions of the said Act; which Neglect hath ocealioned Doubts, whether the Meeting of the said Trustees can Vol. 29.

be lawfully resumed, or not; And that ‘many of the Truliees appointed by the said Act are now dead, and moll of those who are living, and qualified to act, have declined acting, alleging the Doubts, Uncertainties, and Ditficulties aforesaid; so that no Meeting of the said Trustees for putting the said A 6tin Execution hath beeu had since the Month

of May 1760; and that Passengers, emboldened by this Neglect, refuled to pay the Tolls, and broke down the Toll Gates, so that no Tolls have been collected upon the said Road, nor any Officers attended to take care thereof, since the Year 1761; that, though near £. 400, Part of the Money advanced by the Petitioner, was laid out in repairing the said Road, it is now become very ruinous anddangerous to Paflen-gers, whereby the public Utility thereby intended is intirely fruffrated, and the Petitioner in danger of losing the said £. 500, unless some further Means be provided, which the Petitioner is advised cannot be done, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in to explain, amend, and make the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and to make effectual the Petitioner’s Security for the said £. 500, and the Intereli due thereon, to add new Trustees to them appointed by the said Act, to reduce the Value of the Qualification, and make the same more general; to ascertain the Course and Extent of the said Road, to subject more of the Passengers thereon, to pay the Tolls granted thereby; and to enlarge the Term and Powers by the said Act granted; as to the House shall seem reasonable and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord StrangMr. "Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hanbu/y, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. naston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Edmund

I/ham, Mr. Bailer, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Nugent, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. M

George Savile, Mr. J/eicelt, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Mr. GrcJvcnor, Mr. Morton, Lord North, Mr. Mon-

tagu, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilbraham,

Mr. Rob in fun, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Lord

/ erney, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde,

Mr. Norris, Sir AnthonyAbdy, Mr. Lord

cival, Mr. Gore, Lord Cathcrlough, Sir James Lea ther, General A'Court, Colonel Hot/iamsaud all the Members who serve lor the Counties of York,

Chester, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westm and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five; of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Camber; and have Power to fend for Porfons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing William Dingman, was read a Dinfman’s Second Time. Nat.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Price, Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shut-tleioorth, Mr. Walter, Mr. Parker, Lord Strange, Mr.

Tuicnjhend, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Morton, Lord Harry Powlelt, Sir.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Hu/kc, Mr. GroJveMr. Staunton,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Arm-Jlead Parker, Mr. Luther, Mr. Sharpe, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Alderman Diekinson, Sir Smith,

Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir fl'illiam Meredith, Mr. Bagot,

Mr. Dowdejiveil, Mr. Balter, Mr. Mr. Bullock,

Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. OnJloio, Mr.

Burt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bull, General Mr.

Button, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Montagu, Lord Gage,

Mr. Ongley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Reincke, which w'as Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered

fco

734

240 Januarii 1764.

to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Se- Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as cond Time, be referred t<y the said Committee; and followeth; viz.

that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the they think fit. said Act was read, and the Account of the Money bor-

rowed and remaining due upon the Credit of the said Levbum A Petition of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Bolton-, Act, was produced to your Committee. Inclosure. tj)e Lore[ of the Manor of Leyburn, in the Parish of And Mr. John Barber, and Mr. Richard Whitby, in-

Wcnjlcy, in the County of York, and of Jacob Costoba- formed your Committee, that the said Road hath, pur-die. Clerk, Rest or of the Parish of WenJlnj, and also of suant to the Directions of the said Act, been repaired; the Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages and but that it will be impracticable to keep the same in Lands within, and Parcel of, the said Manor, was Repair, and to pay off the Money now due on the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Credit of the said Act, during the subsistingTerm. there is within the said Manor a certain Common or And the Witnesses severally added, that it is necessary

Moor, known by the Name of Lcybarne Common or to build several Bridges upon the Road, in order to ren-Moor, which contains 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and der it safe and commodious to passengers and Travel-alleging that the same is not, in its present State, capa- lers.

ble of being improved to the best Advantage, and doth Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill for con-

not afford to the respective Proprietors thereof the Be- tinning and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act nefit that would result to them by an Inclosure and Di- made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty vision thereof-. And therefore praying. That Leave may King George the Second; intituled, An Act for repairing be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the and widening the Road from the Welt Endof theTowuof laid Common or Moor, called Layburne Moor, accord- Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through ing to the respective Rights and Interests of the Persons the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, interested therein. in the County of Derby: And that Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Mr. Hanbury Lord Frederick and Sir Henry

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that do prepare, ancf bring in, the fame.

Lord Harry Poiclett, Mr. Hanbury, and Mr. Peter

Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy M,relwy

Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the several Conn- ^4 Derby. Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee to ties of Denbigh, and , was presented to the

Rp*ds. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from

holders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties o(Derby in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor,

and Nottingham, was referred, That the Committee had in the County of to adjoining to the

examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di- Town and in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County rested him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, of Salop, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Places very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. of Law; and alleging, that the Sum of £. 2,500 has been Tc prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William subscribed, one half whereof, at least, is intended to be Chaxoorth, Esquire, being examined, laid, that the Road laid out in Repair of the said Road, before any Tolls leading from the Bridge Gale, in the Town of Derby, shall be demanded therein: And therefore praying, through the Liberties of Little Chester, Breadfal, Alor-That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rc-pair-Icy, Smalley, and Kidjley, over the River Erxeash, in the ing and widening the said Road, in such Manner and County of Derby, and from thence through the Liber- under such Regulations as the House tliall think fit. ties of Eq/kvcod, Brinjln/, Selfon, Felley, and Anncjley, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Dia

to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, is in a thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the several ruinousCondition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Salop, was presented to effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being. the House, and read; Taking Notice of the prec eding Mr. Goodyer Fletcher said. That he knows the Road Petition, and Setting forth, That an Act was passed in from Eastwood aforesaid, through the Liberty of East- the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the a 'ood, and the Liberties of Newthorpe, Grcajley, and Term and Powers of a former Act for repairing the Kimberley, to Nutthallfm the Comxty of Nottingham: and Road from to Wrexham, in the County of

gave the same Evidence with respect to the Condition Denbigh, and for repairing and widening several other thereof, as Mr. Chaworth gave to the former Road. Roads therein mentioned; and that the Road from

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marclnvicl to Wrexham aforesaid is a Part of the Roads repairing and widening the Roads from the Well End by the said A of the 29th of his said Majesty di-of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge reded to be repaired; but the Trustees to the said Act Gate, over the River Erwash, in the County of Derby, are thereby retrained from erecting any Turnpike and from thence through Eastwood, to the Town of thereon, nor has any thing been done towards the Rc-Mansficldfm the County of Nottingham-, and from East- pair thereof under the said Act-, and that the Pe-wood aforesaid, to the West End of the Town of Nutt- titioners apprehend it would be of public Advantage if hall, in the said County of Nottingham: And that Mr. the said Road from to Wrexham was effect 11-

Fitzherbert, Mr. Hanbury, Lord George Cavendish, and ally repaired and widened; and that the best Expedient

Mr. Plumptre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. to effect the fame, will be to allow-the Trustees for

putting the said Act in Execution a competent Sum Burton Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee to out of the Tolls to be taken under the Authority of

upon Trent whom the Petition of the Trustees and Commissioners the Act, if the same shall be applied for, and passed

10 appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 26th into a Law, for repairing the Road from Marchu to

Uoad^ Tear of King George the Second, for repairing and Wrexham aforesaid: And therefore praying the House

widening the Road from the West End of the Town to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant of BurtonuyonTrent, in the County of Stafford, through such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet, the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Derby, in the County of Derby, was referred, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex»-the Committee had examined the Matter of the said mine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House: appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- And they are referred to Mr. Mr. Kvwtston,

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Sir Mr. 7 Mr. Dounhf-

17

i'

' ifeham clique*

0;

L:

i)ddon

and

layering four.

4 Geo. III. 240 Januarii. 733

well, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Hczoett, Lord Mr.

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir

George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Barker. Mr. Whickcot, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Cholmley, Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Grey, Mr.

Gore, Sip Lynch SalufburyCotton, Mr. James Harris, Sir George Vonge, Mr. Drake, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wynne, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of and Jer; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor or Manors of Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, and of the Patron and Rest or Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and several other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields of Sifeham at’oresaid, and of Common of Pasture and other Properties in and upon certain Trafis or Parcels of Common Ground within the Manors or Parish of Sifeham aforesaid, commonly called Croze field Common, Sifeham Wild, and K whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates and Propert ies in the said Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in finall Parcels, by Reason whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and that the said Fields and Common (round are inconvenient, and of small Profit to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor or Manors, and Parish of Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, according to each Person’s Right in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, and M r. Alderman Dickinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And it is referred to General Tow, Air.// Sir Charles Mor'daunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Whichcot, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Dmodcfivell, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Mortok, Sir Richard Warwic Bampfylde, Mr. Wiard. Lord Thomond, Mr. Nugent, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Waller, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smithy Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. HeWclt, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Wilbraham,

Lord Percival, Mr. Pitt, General Mr.

Onslow, Sir George Yonge, K[v.//orrey, General Mr. Whitworth, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Byde, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Chaplin, Colonel Hotham, Mr;

Plumrhcr, Lord Midleton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Jliend, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Rushout, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Cufi, Mr.

Howard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Penton, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Helgay Grounds in the Parish of Helgay, in the County of ^ncl°sure*

Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Tmcn/hend, "Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Howard, Lord Brozonlow Bertie, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Haney, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Hervey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Jennings, Sir Charles:

Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Buller,

Lord Gage, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Pratt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vane, Mr. Pryfe, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Fairfax, Colonel Ilolham, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Hewett, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr.

Morton, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Wedderbum, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Lowndes, General Honeywood,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Fitzherbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk,

Suffolk, Lincoln, and Cambridge:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundreds of London and Clavering, in the County of Norfolk, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-ftdvos, and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Hundreds are considerably increased, and are maintained at a much greater Charge than formerly; and Hating to the House many Advantages which, the Petitioners allege, would arise, if the Poor were under proper Government, and a Place provided for their general Reception, which might be done if the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Tythes, within the said Hundreds, were incorporated and appointed Guardians of the Poor thereof, with such Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, as may be necessary for carrying the said Design into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may meet with such other Relief, as to the House flin.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of Thomas Evans, Esquire, Lord of the Tuddenham Manors of North Tuddenham alias Saint Cleres, Indoftite.

shall, Tuddenham, on the Part of North Tuddenham, and Bell-house Hall, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Copyholders, or otherwise interested in the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manors, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons and Waste Grounds lying open, are but of very little Value to the Persons interested therein, but if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Shares amongst the Parties concerned, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; the same would be of great Advantage to them, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above ' Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Harbord, General Townshend, Sir Armine Wode-

house, and Air. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Freeholders, and others Duty on the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of - Cyder and

ton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the Perry-

9 A House,

736 h° Januarii. . 1764.

House, iand read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances by that Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with Respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Parker and Mr. Baron Smythe:

Mr. Speaker,

Princ* of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^hibiting a RiH in this present Parliament, for natu-8t‘ rallying his Highness the Hereditary Prince of

Lunenburg s to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. liefolved, That the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third Time.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third Time,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Alric’s A Petition of James Alric was presented to the House,

"at* and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bacon and Mr. Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fitzgerald’s \ Petition of Gerald Fitzgerald, of Rathrone, in the

Elutes. County of Meath, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, dated 12th December, in the 36th Year of his Reign, granted unto Gerald Fitzgerald, the Petitioner’s Great Uncle, and to his Heirs and Assigns forever, the Town and Lands of Rathrone, and several other Lands' and Tenements in the Counties of Meath, Westmeath, Kildare, and Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, subject to certain yearly Quit Rents; and that by a Family Settlement made in 1685, the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so granted to the said Gerald Fitzgerald, were granted to Trustees, and their Heirs, to the Use of the said Gerald Fitzgerald for Life; Remainder, as to the Lands of Rathrone, to Mary his Wife, for her Jointure; Remainder, as to all the Lands therein comprised, to the First and other Sons of the said Gerald Fitzgerald in Tail Male; Remainder to Henry Fitzgerald, the Brother of the said Gerald Fitzgerald, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with several Remainders over to others of the Family; Reversion to the right Heirs of the said Gerald Fitzgerald; and that the said Henry Fitzgerald was outlawed for High Treason, on Account of the Rebellion which happened in Ireland in 1688, and his said

Estate in Remainder in the said Lands, his Brother the said Gerald Fitzgerald being the n, and for many Years after, living, became vested in the Trustees appointed by the Act of the nth and 12th of King William the Third, for the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland j and that Gerald Fitzgerald the younger, and Edward Fitzgerald, the Sons of the said Henry Fitzgerald, being Minors, by William Fitzgerald their next Friend, on the 9th August 1700, did make and tender their Claim to the said Trustees, and proved the said Settlement of 1685 5 and the said Claim was heard, and determined by the said Trustees, on the 23d Day of March in 1701; and the said Trustees thereupon declared the said Gerald Fitzgerald the younger, and Edward Fitzgerald, respectively, to be intitled to an Estate in Tail Male, in the Lands and Premisses comprised in the said Settlement, expectant upon the Death of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the elder, and Henry Fitzgerald, who were both then living; and that the said Gerald Fitzgerald the elder, and Mary his Wife, and the said Henry Fitzgerald, died many Years ago, and the said Gerald Fitzgerald the elder died without KTue, and upon their Death, the said Gerald Fitzgerald the younger, who was the eldell Son of the said IIany Fitzgerald, and was also the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the elder, entered into, and became seised of an Estate in Tail Male of and in the f.tid Lands and Premisses, and levied several Fines, and fullered several common Recoveries of the said Lands and Premisses; and that by Deeds of Lease and Release, bearing Date, respectively, the 7th and 8th Days of April 1725, the said Gerald Fitzgerald the younger mortgaged great Part of the said Lands and Premisses to Elizabeth O'Farrell, the Widow of Major General O'Farrell, and her Heirs, for securing the Sum of £. 2,700, with Interest," and otherwise considerably incumbered the said Estate; and that the said Gerald Fitzgerald the younger died in 1729, leaving his eldell Son, the Petitioner his Second Son, and Christopher his Third Son; and the said John died without Jfiue soon after the Death of his Father; and thereupon the Petitioner became seised of and intitled to the said Lands and Premiires, subject to several Incumbrancs; and that the Petitioner is Grand Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Gerald Fitzgerald the elder, the Patentee; and the Petitioner hath levied several Fines, and fullered common Recoveries of several of the said Lands, and hath become personally liable for several of the Debts of the Petitioner’s Father, and also for Debts contrafted by the Petitioner; and alleging, that it hath been lately discovered, that the Reversion iu Fee of and in the said Lands and Premisses, expectant upon the Determination of the Estate in Tail Male veiled as aforesaid in the Sons of the said Heniy Fitzgerald, became vested in the said Trustees, and is now veiled, by the Act of the First and Second Year of Queen Anne, in the Crown, subject to the Orders of Parliament; and that the Petitioner has no other Fund or Expedient for Payment of his Father’s or his own Debts, or for securing the Petitioner’s Liberty, but by Sale or Mortgage of Part of the said Lands and Premisses; but no Person will deal with the Petitioner for the fame, until the Reversion in Fee thereof shall be divelled out of the Crown, and vested in the Petitioner, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and that it has been frequent in such Cases to shew Favour to Protestant Purchasers and Creditors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divesting the Reveifion in Fee of and in the said Lands and Premisses out of His Majesty, and for veiling the same in the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Praj'er of the said Petition: And that

Mr.

w

r*

i i*.

vit,

’iis'

if.;.

tfr:;

r>

tljr

r,

1 *>i.

fi’:.,

it; fv

bo v

i :.r. r

Uv

m

If

lorfe/. lie V.:

K.cfi

<d C.

O'

F

n-;

I’:

?.:.

ill ie: 1 . !ju 1a

,ir£"-

..a £1

iff*: 1

fe-

lt

tii

tife

!;:r

fe'

4 Geo. III.

24" — 25’ Januafii.

Ill

Marriage of the PrinCefc Augusta.

Mr. Morton, the Lord A’orth, and Mr. Comity, do pfe- presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, pare, anti bring in, the lame, complaining of the said new Duty, so far as the fame

relate to any Alterations and Amendments which may General Toum/hend acquainted the House, that the be proper to be made in the said Act, be referred to the

Gentlemen appointed to attend her Royal Highness said Committee.

the Princess Augusta, and his moll Serene Highness the

Hereditary Prince of Brunficick and Lunenburg, with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended their Highnesses accordingly; and that her Royal Highness had commanded him to lay;

That her Royal Highness is extremely happy in Day of 1754,10 the 5th Day of 176 receiving from the House of Commons this particular tinguishing each County, and each Year.

Mark of their Regard.

And that his Serene Highness had ordered him to return his Thanks to the House of Commons for their Congratulation, and to allure the House, that he IhaJI ever retain a particular Remembrance of this great Mark of their Attention.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, arising within the Counties of WorcesterHereford, Gloucester, Monmouth, Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall, from 5th " ' ~ T j dif-

The Order of the Day being read}

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 7th Day of February next.

Dutief on Cyder and

Pc rry.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " so much," and insert " such Alterations and Amendments as may be proper to be made in such Part" in (lead thereof} and after " Parliament," to insert " intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom} and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

And the Quell ion being put. That the Words " so much " Hand part of the Question}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers f,r the

Tellers for lie Noes,5 >"2 Ha"h',

I General / own

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 250 Januarit;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1764; Prayers.

Nonnen took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester, assembled at a general Court holden at the Workhouse in the said City on the 19th Day of 1764, was present-

ed to the House, and read} Reciting several Provisions in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the incorporating certain Persons, to be elected yearly, for the better providingfor and setting at Work the Poor in the City of and alleg-

ing, that in pursuance of the said Act, a Workhouse was set up, and several charitable Persons gave several Sums of Money to the said Corporation for the Support and Maintenance thereof but, by Reason of the great Increase of the Poor, and otherwise, the Revenues of the Corporation, and the Monies which they were impowered to raise, after some Years, became insufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor that were kept there; and reciting, that by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, tituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several for repealing Part, and making more effectual the Re-additional Duties upon Wines imported into this fidue, of the aforesaid Act, the Guardians were to be Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cvder and elected every Six Years, and the said Corporation was Pe rry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five thereby impowered to charge the Parishes and Precincts hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and in the said City, upon the Terms and in the Manner Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties;" be in- mentioned in the Petition, for the Maintenance of their ferted after the Word " Parliament;" respective Poor; and alleging, that in pursuance of1

It was resolved in the Affirmative. the last mentioned Act, the Poor of the Hamlets of

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put; Saint Load, and Saint Catherine,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day otherwise, Oswald, in the County of Gloucester, Sevennight, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole were taken into the said Workhouse, and maintained House, to consider of such Alterations and Amend- and employed there until lately; and setting forth, meats, as may be proper to be made in such Part that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, Precincts, and of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Hamlets, were in general very remils in collecting and intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several paying the several Sums to be by them collected and additional Duties upon Wines imported into this paid to the Corporation for the Maintenance of theif

} I25* 1C7.

Alterations and Amendments as may be proper to be made in such part" be inserted, instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " in-

Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cvder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been Voe. 29.

respective Poor; and that the said Corporation, by Reason of the want of an effectual Power for that Purpose, could not enforce the Collection and Payment thereof to them; nor is there any Direction in either of* the said Acts, when, or to whom, the Treasurer should account for the Monies by him received; and that the Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, in or about the Year

1755*

Malt

Dutkt.

Call of the tHouse.

Olouceftec

Poor.

Gloucester

Poor.

73*

2 50 Janmrii.

A. 1764.

1755> took their Poor out of the said Workhouse, with- cinfts, and Hamlets, and the Inhabitants thereof, with out paying the Sum of £. 416. 18 s.6$d.or there- such Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to pay the abouts, which was then due to the said Corporation for Money so as aforesaid remaining due from them re-the Maintenance of their Poor, for some Time then spectively, to the said Corporation, for the Maintenance before passed, and which is still due and unsatisfied; and of their respective Poor, and as, together with that that by Reason of the great Increase of the Poor, and Money, shall be sufficient to pay the several Debts by the Deamefs of Provisions, the Revenues of the said the said Corporation now owing, and to replace the Corporation and the Monies which they are impower- said Money so as aforesaid by them expended for the ed to charge on the said Parishes, Precincts, and Ham- Maintenance of the said Poor; and to charge the feve-lets, have, for several Years lad pad, been far short of ral Parishes and Precincts within the said City, and being sufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor in the Inhabitants thereof, for the future with such the said Workhouse; and the Corporation therefore, weekly, monthly, or other Sums of Money, as shall during that Time, have been obliged to apply some be sufficient for the providing for and maintaining their Part of the principal Monies given as aforesaid, and respective Poor within the said Workhouse; and that have also contracted divers Debts with Tradesmen, for the said Corporation may be effectually impowered and towards the necessary Relief and Maintenance of to enforce the assessing, collecting, and levying the the said Poor in the said Workhouse, amounting to the said Monies so to be charged, and the Payment there-Sum ofjf. 830. 8 s.8 d.which Sum is yet unsatisfied; of, to them or their Treasurer; that Power may be

and that, in Consequence thereof, the said Corporation given to the said Corporation to relieve poor Persons,

were, in 1757, obliged to shut up the said Workhouse, and to desist from providing for or maintaining the Poor there any longer; by means whereof the said Poor have ever since been maintained by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets, to which they respectively belong; and the greatest Part of such Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets, have been and are, at much greater Expences in maintaining their Poor out of the said Workhouse, than they would or need too have been at, if their Poor were to be maintained and employed in the Workhouse, and the Corporation was impowered to raise Money sufficient for that Purpose; and that great Parts of the said

though not in the Workhouse; that Directions may be given, when and to whom the Treasurer of the said Corporation shall, from Time to Time, account for the Monies and Effects, which shall be by him received; and that. Provision may be made for remedying the Inconveniences which may happen to the said Corporation, by Reason of the said Governor or Guardians serving them with Necessaries for the Maintenance of the Poor; and for indemnifying the said Parish of Saint Nicholas from all Charges, which may fall upon it on Account of illegitimate Children being born in the said Workhouse, and otherwise, on Account of the said Workhouse being in the said Parish;

Hamlets lie in the County of Gloucester, at considerable that a Provision may be made for the providing, set Diliances from the said Workhouse; so that it is not ting up, keeping, and lighting such Numbers of Lamps only inconvenient for the Inhabitants of the said Ham- in the said Parishes, except the College Precincts, as lets to pay the Monies to be on them charged for the shall be sufficient to light the Streets of the said City, Maintenance of their Poor, to the said Corporation, but at proper Seasons of the Year; and for charging and also for the Inhabitants to bring their Poor to the said enforcing the assessing, collecting, levying, and Pay-

Workhouse to be provided for there; and that it would be better and more advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Precincts, to have the Guar-diansf, and the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Trea-lbrer of the said Corporation elected annually; and that poor Persons and Families are in many Instances

ment to the said Corporation upon, of, and from, the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, of Money sufficient for those Purposes, and for providing Materials for the fame; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

more e&iily and conveniently relieved by pecuniary Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Payments out of the Workhouse, than by being taken mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in and provided for there, for which there is not any shall appear to them, to the House:

Power given in either of the said Acts; and that the And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Sandijs, Mr.

Workhouse being in the Parish of Saint Nicholas in the Mr. Harris, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Rigby, Sir William

said City, many illegitimate Children who were born Beauchamp Mr. Nugent, Sir Edward Simpson,

therein, of Women not settled in the said Parish, did, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whately, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dpfon,

upon lliutting up the said Workhouse, become chargeable to the said Parish; and that many Lodes and Inconveniences have happened to the said Corporation by their being served with Necessaries by the said Governors and Guardians in the W ays of their several Trades: And further setting forth. That the said City, through the want of a Power to raise Money for setting up and keeping of Lamps, is destitute of proper Lights in the Streets, which renders the passing therein in the Night Time very inconvenient, and very often dangerous to the Inhabitants, as well as for Travellers

Mr. BuHer, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Mr. Archer, Lord

Harry Powlett, Mr. James Harris, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Loiondes, Mr.

Sir John Ajlley, Mr. Curzcn, Colonel , Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Calvert, Lord Frederick Campbell, fir Jarrit Smith, Sir George Savile; and all the Membeis who serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

Hereford, and Wilts ;and for S Wholes: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

that come there: And therefore praying, That Leave Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-may be given to bring in a Bill, that so much of the fons, Papers, and Records, said Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his

V^irvi

said late Majesty King George the First, as directs that the Guardians shall be elected every Six Years, and that the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Treasurer of the said Corporation shall be elected every Two Years, and as directs that the Poor of the aforesaid Hamlets shall be received and maintained in the said Workhouse, nmy be repealed; and that the said Thirty-one Guardians, and the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Treasurer, may, for the future, be elected annually; that the said Corporation may be impowered to charge the said several Parishes, Pre-

J9

Mr. William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mmiller, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, that is in the County of Midd, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direr;ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

Jt SepuW1^ Poof. (Midi

si r,

fiat,

JiU

H

He ('. lit [j, k k\.

}i I

*a

UlLe-

fj

a: tli

'*5>

M: L

'4

3S&:

ft

Wfc:

i.m x

elt lie i;

c-t it

:1b

(hua:

itolii

lifer. hi z :c.

b jf'

I'n

h

it; I-

Ah

uni

if.'.rt; :h:

lik

to'*

dost'

*e"port , "c!oiUrf.>

(.:

i:

i if i

lV.

b"

jiffr

41 '

il* J

4 Geo. III. <25° Januarii. 730

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ‘ James Nokes being examined, said, That he is Veit ry Clerk of that Part of the said Parish; that the said Pa-riih confilts of 632 Monies, 321 of which only pay to the Poors Rate.

That the Poor of the said Parish are veiy numerous, and maintained at a great Expence; and that he thinks it would be a great Advantage to the Parish, and tend to the more effefitual Relief of the Poor, if proper Powers were given for the better governing, employing, and maintaining the said Poor, and for making fnfticient and more equitable Rates for those Purposes.

That the Clean ling and Lighting, in a proper Manner; the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, and other open Paflfages, and keeping a well regulated nightly Watch, within stich Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of

Square, would he of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and of public Utility; and that the Inhabitants have not CuiTicieut Authority to raise Money for those Purposes.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Thomas Hertford.

Mr. George Wyatt being examined, said, That

ter-hoijeLane is a great Thoroughfare, being the only Way to the Charter --housefrom the West End of the Town; that, the said Lane is very narrow incommodious; and that, if the said Lane was widened, it would be of great Use to the Inhabitants, and to the Public in general; and that the Premilfes necessary to be purchased for the widening thereof are of little Value.

Mr. James Nokes confirmed Mr. Wyatt's Evidence;

and added, That the said Lane is so very narrow, that a Foot Passenger cannot pal's with Safety by a Draw

Ordered, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for governing, employing* and maintaining the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which is in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, I^anes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Pafikges and Places within the same; and for widening Char ter-houj'e Lane: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctory Mr. Tucker, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the the fame.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the ancient Borough1 of Newport, in the County of Salop, and of divers Householders in Newport aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Field called the Great Marsh, lying within the Township of Newport, containing 117 Acres, the Estate of the said Borough, lies open, and, in its present Situation, yields but little Profit; and alleging, that the said Marsh is capable of great Improvement; and that the inclosing the fame, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the Purpose of paving and repairing the Streets of the said Town, and in repairing and maintaining the Market HidI anti Cross there, and likewise in the encouraging the carrying on fotne Manufacture in the said d own, and in apprenticing poor Children, would be of great Advantage to the -laid down and Neighbourhood, and may he of great public Utility; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor inclosing and improving the said Great Marsh; and applying the Rents and Profils thereof in such Manner, lor fuel* t ies and Purposes, and under such Regulations as to the House lJjall seem

o

1 hevt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer-of the find Petition: Anti that. Mr, Gilbert, Mr. Janus Jinnis, and Sir John Ajl-

ley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Vol. 2q.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, therein mentioned, for a Division of certain real Estates in the County of York, late of Sir IlungerfordBland, Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Sharpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor or Portreeve, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Town and Borough of Callington, in the County o

wall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stukely Lucas being examined, said, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition are very ruinous, and in many Places so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass without the utrnoft Difficulty.

That it would be very advantageous to the Public, if the said Roads were properly repaired and widened; but that the Laws in being are insufficient for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of CornwalAnd that Mr.

and Mr. Stephens do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Beauchamp reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of St. John at Hackney, in the County of and for

lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they fiad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy and Freeholders, of the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Sign of the Buck's Head at Watting Street, in the County of Salop, over Layley Bank, and by the CuckowOak, and to a certain Hand-post in the

Parifi) of Sutton, and said County of Salop; and from the said Hand-post, by Stablefo over Crows Heath, Bzidge Heath, and to an Inn called the New in the County of Stafford; and also the Road from the said Hand-post by Harrington, through Beckbury, over Burned Green, through Pattinghamand and over

Tenh nhallWood, toCompton, in the Parish of and said County of Stafford;and also the Roads from Birches Brook, dividing the Parishes of and

Buildwas, in the said County of Salop, through -brooke Dale, over Lincoln Hithrough Madeley, by the aforesaid Cuckow Oak, and to a Hand-post in the Parish of Kemberton, and said County of Salop; are in

a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, narrow and

9 B incom*

Bland’s

Etlatei.

Callington

Roads.

Hackney

Nightly

Watch,

&c.

Watting Street, &c. Road.

740 15

A. 1764.

incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads aforesaid, by fuel) Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John AJlley, Mr. Bagot, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Prescott, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Hezoett, Lord Grey, Mr. Morion, Mr. Gray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Morgan, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fuller, Sir Philipps, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Mr.

' row, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Thoroton, Mr Mr.

Bull.Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Tucker, Lord Harry Fowled, Mr. Harvey, Sir Mr. Whit-

worth, Mr. Gilbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Worcesterj and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to mdet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Royal Assent A Message from TIis Majesty, by Sir Septimus son> Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills following,

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his Highness the Hereditary Prince of BrunswicLunenburg:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Will of A Petition of Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Baronet,

C.King.Esq. and Hejtcr Maria Salusbury, Administrators of the Estate and Effects of Cotton King, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Thomas King, late of Combermere, in the County Palatine of Chester, and then of Easthidc, in the County of Bedford, Esquire, did, in his Life-time, duly make and publish his Last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 1 ith Day of August 1733; and did (amongst other Things) devise and bequeath unto his Son Keating King, and the Issue Male of his Body in Tail Male successively, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and real Estate whatsoever, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and in his said Will did direct, that in case his said Son Keating King should die without such Issue Male of his Body as aforesaid living at his Death, then he gave and devised all his said real Estate in Ireland to his Son Richard King, and the Issue Male of his Body, successively, in Tail Male; and on Failure and Want of such Issue living at his Death, he gave and devised the same to his Son Cotton King, and the Issue Male of his Body, successively, in Tail Male; and for want of such Issue, he gave and devised the same to his own right Heirs for ever; and alleging, that the said Thomas King died, without having revoked his said Will, and that the said Keating King, Richard King, ami Colton King, are all dead, without Issue; and the said Cotton King dying without making any Will,

the Petitioners took opt Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects of tj)e said Cotton King; and that the said Will hath beeh proved in the High Court of Chancery in Great Britain; and the Petitioners may have frequeut Occasion to produce or give the same in Evidence, as well in Great Britain as in Ireland; and the said Will cannot, as Occasion may from Time to Time require, be carried from one Kingdom to the other, fu as to be made use of at any Trial at Law, without great Hazard; nor can the Witnesses, who are able to prove the due Execution of the said Will, be compelled, by any Process, to attend in the said Kingdom of Ireland, to give their Testimony at any Trial at Law to be had there: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the Exemplification of the Last Will and Testament 01 the said Thomas King Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynne, and Mr. Lowndes, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Most Noble William Henry Duke Stbnhn of Portland, Lord of the Manor of otherwise h&ouifc

Sebergham, in the County of Cumber land, and the Right Reverend Father in God Charles Lord Bishop of Car-lijle, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others having Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common or Moor called Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham Pasture, and sundry finall Parcels of Waste Land, lying within the said Manor and Parish, containing about 2,896 Acres; which, if divided and inclosed, would be greatly improved, and rendered of much greater Value to t he several Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners have, by Articles, agreed to have the same divided and allotted, in Proportion to each Person’s Right in the fame; and alleging, that the Petitioner the Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and the Dean and Chapter of who are also Parties to the said Agreement, are infilled to several Lands now in Lease for Three Lives, or 21 Years, the Lessees Whereof are intitled to Right of Common on the said Wastes; and the Petitioner the said Bishop, the Dean and Chapter, have agreed with their Lessees to grant them Leases of the Parcels of Waste agreed to be allotted to the said Dean and Chapter, in respect of the said Lessees respective Farms:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing, confirming, and carrying the said Articles of Agreement into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harley and Mr. Gray do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition of Robert Dundas of Arniston, Lord Prefi- Edintaji dent of the Court of Session, Sir Alexander Dick of Priejlfield, Baronet, and others, Trnltees for the Turnpike Roads of the County of Edinburgh, and of other Freeholders and Heritors in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; l aking Notice of Two Acts, passed in the 24 th and 28 th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of 2 in

the County of Linlithgozv; and alleging, that by Experience it is found, that the Roads of the County of Edinburgh do dill remain in such a Situation, that they cannot be effectually repaired, without further Tolls and Powers be granted to the Trustees named and appointed by the said Two Acts: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting certain other Tolls and Powers to the Truliees named and appointed by the said Two Acts of Parliament,

a

c

lad

Car

N.

BlfC

Gr

Tjt,

4 Geo. III. 25° Januarii,

74i

4, 1

k

m

I*

\v,

‘1 \

rT /

» it

Cl; Chilvers; Coton

Inclosure,

A

li'C c-

ik '!>

Carter's

Name.

»r

lev:-

tfil1

iw

i-

iJ-r

\:"'i

l);i.

t Bitchacre */* Grange Tythea, *c.

Ft'

8#

t

i1-

:;l!1 -

rtu-'

a'

[.:

0

ment, for repairing the Roads of the said County; and for making the said Two Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Master thereof; and report the fame, as it iha.Il appear to them, to the House.

Anti it is referred to Sir Alexander Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Sir John,

Mr. Nnrthey, Sir James Mr. Hope Weir,

Mr. Which cot, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr. Ba-

got, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Ix>rd Allen, Mr.-5 iuffner, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. B Mr. Wedderburn, Mr.

Mackay, Sir Charles MordaunMr. Sir Edmund Jjhani, Mr. Burton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Prin-

gle, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Harry

Powlett, Mr. llojs, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Fonereau; and all the Menabers who serve for North Britain-, and for the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Rill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, or Wafie Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of

vers Coton, in the County of Warwick; which Bill was, upon Monday last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been acquainted with the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they ilia.ll think fit.

A Petition of John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Elizabeth Pollard, by her Last Will, dated the 5th Day of May, 1762, gave and devised certain Efrates, therein mentioned, unto the Petitioner for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and that the said Will directs, that such Person as should enjoy the said Estates by Virtue of the said Will, should, as they respectively came into the Possession thereof, take and use the Surname of Pollard: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said John Pollard to take and use the Surname of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Harley, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Bichard Whitworth of Batchacre Grange, otherwise called the I ill of Botherwise BatiJ-

acrcGrarige, situate within, or adjoining to, the Parish of Adbaston, in the Counties of Sit.fford and Salop, or

One of them, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised, to him ami his Heirs, of the said Grange or Fill; and that many Doubts and Disputes ha ve arilen, whether the same is extra-parochial or not, or liable to the Payment of Tythes, and other Dues, and of Parish hates, to the said Parish; that in order to avoid further Disputes, and to put an End to certain Litigations in Law, which have been commenced concerning the same, the Petitioner hath agreed with the Dean of IAtcl\field, Who, as fuel), is Rector of the Parish ol Adbaaloresaid, and with the present I.effee of the Tythes, who is also Curate of the said Parish, that the said Grange, or shall not, 'Yol. 29.

for the future, be charged with the Payment of Tythes of any Kind, or Modus, or other Dues or Demands whatsoever, to the Dean of Litchfield as Rector, or his Lessee, or the Curate of the said Parish for the Time being; in Consideration whereof, the Petitioner has agreed to grant the Tythes of the Township of of

which he is seised, to the said Dean, and his Successors, and Lessees of the Tythes of the said Parish; tile said Dean, or Lessees, paying the reout the Sum of Eight Pounds annually, as an Augmentation of the Curacy of the said Parish, and allowing the Petitioner, and his Heirs, upon every Vacancy, to nominate a Clergyman, to be approved of and licensed by the Dean, to be Curate of the said Parish for Life; and that the Petitioner is also seised, to him and his Heirs, of the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Adbaston aforesaid, and of above One Half of the Estates in the said Parish, and has agreed with the said Dean and Lessee, and with the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, that the said Grunge, or FitI,shall, from henceforth for ever be, and be deemed to be, extra-parochial, and difiinct from the said Parish of Adbaston, and not liable to the Payment of any Parish Rates or Dues, or other Duties, except the King’s Taxes; nor the Possessors or Occupiers thereof be liable to serve any Oflices within the said Parish; in Consideration whereof, the Petitioner has agreed, that he, and all future Owners of the said Grange, or Fill, will and shall maintain all poor and

impotent Persons who shall be intitled to Settlements, by Jiving the rein; and that he, and all future Owners of the said Grange, or Fill, shall be excluded from all Privileges and Advantages in the said Parish of Adbaston, in respect of the said Grange, or and the Petitioner has further agreed to veil Two Pieces of Land within the said Parish, containing about Seven Acres, in Trustees, to apply the Rents and Profits thereof towards providing a proper Person to teach the poor Children of the said Parish to read and write; and that although the said Agreements will be of Advantage to the Parties interested therein, yet the Petitioner cannot confirm the same to them, without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming The said Agreement, for the Purposes aforesaid, in 1‘uch Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prel'eneu to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the T urnpike Road at the End of bridge Lane. hear a Barn there, in the Par lii of Bonjey,

in the said County, through A u bridge, Du abridge, Speery-tcellLane, Bentley Lane, PimCorner, and Pari of

the Parish of Broughtim, by Williams Cross, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, dividing the Two Parishes of Nether Wallop and Upper Wallop, in the said County; and also the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Stimbridge Lane afor efa id and G real Budge, in the said Parish of Bomjey, over Bridge, through the Parishes of Tivsbury, Mitcheand Kings Iwrn to the Turnpike Road at Slctkbridge, in the said County; and also the Road leading from the Garden of Henry Halt at at Aubridgeaforesaid, through Locker ly, to

the Garden Wall o\ Dennys llolle, Esquire, at East ley, in the fan! County; are, in many Places, vet y narrow and incommodious, and cannot, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in Inch Manner as to the House shall (cent meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to fheCon-ffderatiou of a Committee: And that they do examine

the.

Stan bridge Lane, See. Road.

742 25° Janturiu 1764.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Stuart, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Sir George Mr. Kynaston, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Sir Mr. Fonereau, Mr. DuJ'on, Mr. Harris, Sir Fir. Stephens, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Buller, Mr. Legge, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Edmund IMr. Air. Wynne, Mr. Tucker, Lord Mi die ton. Air. Montagu, Lord Harry Pozvlett, Mr. Toum/hend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Air.

Lloyd, Mr. Thoroton, Sir

Air. Yorke, Mr. Molyneux; and all the Atembers who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Devon, Wilts, and Sussex:And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Aldboroogh A Petition of Hugh Bethell, Esquire, Christopher Scott,

luclolure. EsqU jre, Samuel Johnston and Thomas Lewthwai/e, C\erks, and others, the Freeholders and Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and on the Open Fields and Failures in the Townshipor Lordship in Holderness,

in the County of York, hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, or Lordship, Two large Open Common Fields, called the North Field, and South Field, confilling of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, and containing Eighty Oxgangs and an Half, and some odd Lands, and all'o a Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground, called Close, which is a Hinted Pasture, and flocked by Oxgang Right, by the Proprietors of Oxgangs in the said Fields; and that if the said Fields and Failure were divided and inclosed, the mutual Benefit and Advantage of all the Owners and Persons interested therein would be greatly promoted thereby: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Pasture aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Air. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sudcoates A Petition of the Alayor and Burgesses of the Town

Inclosure. of Kingston upon Hull, Charles Pool, Esquire, Edmund

' Popple, Merchant, Robert Burton, Esquire, Jonathan

Midgley, Gentleman, and Benjamin Blaydes, Merchant, on the behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of or otherwise interested in, several Pieces or Parcels of Grounds in Sudcoates, in the Parish of Diypool, in the County of York, formerly lying intermixed, and known and distinguished by the Names of the the

East-field, zm&SouthIngs, but lately divided and inclosed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of an Agreement entered into in 17 56, between several of the Persons interested in the said Parcels of Ground, the same have been divided and allotted amongllthe several Persons interested, in proportion to the respective Rights therein; and the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Acre per Annum was then agreed to be paid to the Impropriator; and the same has ever since accordingly been paid to Charles Pool, Esquire, the present Impropriator and Owner of the Great and Small Tythes arising upon the said Grounds; and that the Persons impelled as aforesaid have enjoyed their several Allotments and Tythe Rent without Interruption; but by reason of some Mistakes in the said Agreement, and in the Award made in pursuance thereof, and of the Incapacities of some of the Parties, Deeds and Conveyances proper for confirming and perfecting the said Inclosure and Division cannot be executed; by means whereof the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Inclosure and Division, so advantageous to all Parties, may hereafter be disturbed, unless established and con-.18

firmed by Authority of Parliament; And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes; or (hat the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Air. Heicctldo prepare, and bring in

the fame.

A Petition of Sir George MontgomKnight, cw

Lord of the Manor of North Cave in the County of Iaclofr. York, and a considerable Owner of Open Arable Hind, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of North Cave aforesaid; also Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within the said Township and Parish of North Cave, William Burton, Esquire, Anthem Almond,

Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others, being a considerable Majority in Number and Value of the Owners of Lands in the said Township of North Cave, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, Aleadows, Pieces or Parcels Of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pall lire Ground, within the said Township, and the respective Parts and Shares of the several Owners therein are intermixed and dispersed in Email Parcels, and for the moll Part inconveniently situated for the Owners thereof, and in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Fields, Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments to the several Parties interested therein, it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and other the Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Limitations, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. lleivett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Alarlli Lands and Low Grounds within the Township and Parish of Thorvgumbald, otherwise Gumbaldthorn, in Holderness, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are seised and pofi’efled of a great Quantity of Lands within the said Township and Parish, which in their present Situation are generally overflowed with Water, and consequently rendered in aconsiderable Degree unprofitable to the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors, and that if the said Lands were drained they would be greatly advanced in Value, to the immediate Profit and Advantage, not only of the Petitioners and other Owners, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor draining and preserving the said Lands, under such Limitations, Regulations, and Restrictions, as t« the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Air.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sir

lsham, AI r. Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rolle,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Be ft, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Milles, Sir Eduard Turner, Air AJLarley, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Martin,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Stur, Air. , Mr.

Prefcot, Sir John Ajiley, Mr. Rarrozv, Mr. Upton,

4 Geo. III. 25° Janwrii.

743

Mr. Shifner, Mr. CalveMr. Lord Cavendish, Mr John Buller, Mr Mr. Montagu,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Butler, Lord Mr.

Burrell, Sir John Glynne, M And all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Lancaster, Northumberland, Cumberland,

Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber; and have Power to fond lor Peril)ns, Papers, and Records.

Work fop Mr. lleiccltreported from the Committee, to whom '"liffe ^IC of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Koud. an(l of I|er Inhabitants of the Counties of and Nottingham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William John Jbn being examined, said. That the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through Gateforth, Anjtan, Aston, Handjioorth, and to

Altercliffe, in the County of York, is in a very bad Condition, and, in many Places, narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be widened, and put into good Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of

fort h, Aiijion, Alton,'Hand/ and to the

North Kali Pod of Atte/cliffe, in the County of York, where, the same joins the Turnpike Road from to

Sheffield: And that Mr. Sir and

Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pence of Ordered, NemineContradicente, That a Bill be brought

U?|"KK s *n f°*' naturalizing his llighnels Charles Fer-

dt' dinand, Hereditary Prince of

And that Mr. Chancellor of the F.xchequer and Mr, Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the said Bill be now received.

Mr. On* neellor of the Exchequer accordingly presented to the House the said Bill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That, the Bill he now read a Second Time. The Bill was read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

lunkrtt's A Petition of James Plunkett, F.squire, eldell Son and ,ts* Heir of Arthur Plunkett, Esquire, deceased, and of John

Knox, Esquire, Son and Heiro Knox, Esquire,

deceased; being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the I louse, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent that the House may do therein as they Until think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date on or about the 10th Day of November 1741, made, ormentioned to be made, between Jeffery Esquire, for and on the behalf of himself, and the said Arthur Plunkett, deceased, oujhe one Part; and William Knox, Esquire, for and on the behalf of the said Knox, on the other Part; it was agreed, that the said Arthur Plunkett should releaseand convey the FeeSimple and Inheritance of divers Towns, lainds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of in the

Kingdom of Ireland, therein mentioned and described, unto the said Arthur Knox, and his Heirs, for and in Consideration of the Sum of £. 14,613, and that Conveyances should be executed of the Premilfes so contracted for, on or before the First Day of then next Voi. 29.

ensuing; bnt it being discovered, soon after the said Agreement, that the Reversion in Fee Simple of the Premilles was vetted in the Crown, and that therefore the said Contract and Agreement could not take Effect, an Act was patfed in the 16th Year of his late Majesty, for veiling the said Remainder in Fee in Trustees in Trull to join with the said Arthur Plunkett, or his Heirs, in the Sale and Conveyance of the PremitTes to One or more Protellant Purchaser or Pnrchafers in Fee Simple, in Manner, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned; and that the said Remainder in Fee of and in such Part of the Premises as should not, in pursuance thereof, be actually fold and conveyed to One or more Protellant Purchaser or Purclmfers, and such Conveyances duly registered in the Kingdom of Ireland on or before the 29th Day of September 1751, shortld be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; that the said Arthur Knox is dead, having left the Petitioner John Knox, his only Son and Heir, a Mirio'r of very tender Years, and by Reason of several Suits and Controversies which arose relative to"the Premilles, the Time limited for executing the Powers in the said Act clap led before the fame could be carried into Execution; and that, all Disputes and Differences relative to the Premilfes beingdeternished, by another Act made in the*

33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for giving further Time to Trustees therein named to execute certain Trulls vested in them in and by an Act made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for veiling the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland in Trustees, in order to sell the same to Protellant Pnrchafers, it was enacted, That such of the Trulls, -Powers, and Authorities, in and by the said Act of the 16th Year of his said late Majesty vetted in and directed to be exercised, executed, and performed by the said Trustees in the said Act, as were not executed and performed before the 29th Day of September 1751, should and might be exercised, executed, and performed by the surviving Trullee, or his Heirs, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Arthur Plunkett, and the Petitioner James Plunkett, or the Survivor of them, at any Time or Times on or before the 20th of’ November 1760; and that the fai d A being

out of his Majesty’s Dominions at the Time of passing the fame, and continuing so during the Time given by the said last mentioned Act for executing the said.

Trulls, the said Act could not be carried into Execution nothin the Time limited for executing the fame, whereby the Reversion in Fee of said Premilfes is again vested in the Crown; and that the said Arthur Plunkett, on or about the 28th Day of June 176’, died at Boulogne iu France, and his Estate in the Premilles is come to and devolved upon the Petitioner James his eldetl Son and Heir; and that the Petitioners have mutually agreed that the said Articles should be carried into Execution, and to join in proper Conveyances of the PremitTes so contracted for: But as the same cannot he effected without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor giving further Time for the Sale and Disposition of the said Remainder in Fee in the Crown, fot the Purposes of the said former Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,. pursuant to the Prayer of the lai.ft Petition^; And that Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Haller, ami Mr. refer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An Ingrossed Bill for naturalizing his Highness pr:nc; of Charles William Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Brimlwick’* Brunjicick Lunenburg, was read the Third Time. Nat*

Befoieed, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do^ pass: And that the Title he, An Act for natufalizfng iiis Highness Charles William Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Bruyfioick Lunenburg.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer 9 C do

744

25° Jamarii. A. 1764.

do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Guilfborough, Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

&c- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. an(] Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Ground, Lanes, and Watle Ground within Guiljborough, Coton, and Nortoft, in the County of North am Dion, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Sir Thomas Knight, who is

possessed of One Yard Land and Three Quarters, who would not sign the Bill; and except Rebecca Biggs, who is possessed of Two Yard Lands, who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, and said lhe had rather it was not inclosed, but would not oppose the Bill; and except William Willes, who is possess'ed of Two Quarters of a Yard Land, who, being applied to, said, he had rather it was inclosed, but did not sign for fear of affronting his Neighbours; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consist of Twenty Yard Lands and Three Quarters, and some odd Lands and Leys; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw'ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being the List of Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was made by the House to the said Amendment.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding thereto the Name of Robert Kingston, of Tmin the County of Northampton, Gentleman.

And the Question being put, that the Name of Robert Kingston, of Towecjler, in the County of Northampton, Gentleman, be added to the List of Commissioners for executing the Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, j HarLy, } t?.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ammding Notice being taken that several other Amendments Highway*. are necessary to be made to the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour; which, upon the 13th Day of December last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same had been committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 16th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider , Ihither of the said Bill.

and Derby, at tended at the Door; they we re severally called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

Returns to an Order of the House of the 16th Dav of December last, for the proper Odicer for the several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford,

Nottingham, Northampton, Hertford, Rutland, Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, to lay before this House,

Copies of the Certificates mentioned in the said Order.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that, the Deputy Clerk of Rfilita the Peace for the County of Worcester, and the Agent Ctrutuia to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, attended at the Door; they were severally called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Iloul’e, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Certificates made out by the Lieutenants of the said Counties, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Seflron.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Din* Clerk of the Peace for the County of Nottingham, attended at the Door; he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Certificate made out by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

'l ive said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Doctor Maty, Ace#®: from the Trustees of the BMufeum, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, " presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

An Account of the Money grarited by Parliament for the Use of the British Museum, anil of the Expenditure thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was re*od;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selbon,

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, u[ion Friday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the dock.

Militia The House being informed, that the Agents to th* Cenificat. a. Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Salop, Rutland, ao

'-'V;

v.

' H.: West

Hidden lndoiurc.

tie w

Dove? Il» to ^Barham Do *ns.

m-j.:

w;

tMV. )<, )jtj

n,.

is I-----

m "

H Si

nr }l-

t!ic i

h

i* Lie b

r] !!'*>' 'V1'

tv-;

..V'

t,ji Sutton v Drainage.

Geo. III. s<Sd Januar745

y<K;/V, 26® diJanuarii;

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montague presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pafhires.Cemmon Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edioard Simpson reported from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed to put in Execution an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also of several other Persons redding in or near the Towns of Dover, and Hythe, in the said County; was referred; That

the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Ibid.Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appears, that the Trullees are restrained from borrowing Money at a higher Interest than Four per Cent.

Mr. Henry Pane being examined, said, That the Person who has lent Money on the Credit of the said Act requires the Repayment: and that no other Person will advance Money on the Credit thereof at Four per Cent.

That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road; but that it. will not be possible effectually to amend and widen the fame, unless the said Act be further continued and amended.

Mr. PhineasStringer, and Mr. Richard , being

severally examined, laid, That they know the Road from Dover, by Farthingly:oe, to Folkstone, and through the

Mill Stream to Rendezvous Street in Folkstone-, and from the Town Water near the Sign of the King’s Arms in Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe; that the same is in a very ruinous Condition, and not lit for Carriages; and, in many Places, narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being.

That the said Road is much frequented, and repairing thereof would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 26th Year-of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate, and Arcticliffe Fort, in Dover, through Folk-

fione, to the Town of Hythe, in the said County: And that Sir Edward Simpson, Colonel ,the Earl of Middlesex, Lord George Sackville, and the Lord Roy-ston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Low Grounds and Carrs in the Parishes, Townships, and Hamlets of Sutton, Ganjlead, Swine, Penning holme, BenningholmeGrange, and Fareholme,

North Skir laugh, Rout on, Arnold, Long Leven,

Jleigholme and Hallytreeholine, Brandejburlon and Burfall, EJke, Tick ton, Weel, Meux, and

otherwise Wawn, in Holdernessin the East Riding of

the County of York, was referred. That the Committee Voi*. 29.

had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Ivefon being examined, said, That the said Low Grounds and Carrs, consisting of about 13,606 Acres, are generally overflowed with Water, and of very fraall Advantage to the Proprietors; some of which let at Two-pence an Acre, others at One Shilling, and Two Shillings and Six-pence, an Acre; that if the same was drained and improved, they would be greatly advanced in Value, Lands in the Neighbourhood letting at present from Ten to Twenty Shillings an Acre.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Town ship;,

Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton,

Ganjlead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange,

and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Roxvton, Arnold, Long

Rijton, Leven, Heigholme and Hal

burton and Burfall, EJke, Tick ton, Weel, Routh, Meux,

and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holderness, in the

East Riding of the County of And that Sir

George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr.

Whichcot, do, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Rotherham whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Free- through holders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Whifton York, Derby, and Nottingham, was referred; That the ^oati-Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William John Jbn said, That the said Road is at present

very bad, and wants widening in some Parts; and that the Statute Labour is not sufficient effectually to amend the fame; and the Witness added, that the Su*n of Three thousand Seven hundred Pounds is already subscribed towards repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleafey, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chester-'field: And that Sir George Servile, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Cholmley, and Mr. Bull, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Tin (ley whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Free- Road, holders, and other Inhabitants of the County of York, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Johnson said. That he knows the said Road; that great Part of it is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in some Places, narrow; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Tinfey, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncafer, in the said County: Aud that Sic George Savile, Mr.

Hewett,

Fkeffling

ludofure*

Dingman

and

Reincke’s

Nat.

Liverpool,

&c.

Roads.

Januarii. . 1764.

Hcxoett, Mr. Cholpilep, apd Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the feme.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ope.u and Common 'Fields and Grounds in the Town ill ip and Pari/Ji oi Skcfing, in IIolderness, in the County of

York:And the same was received; and read the Firfit Time.

llejblved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, to whom the Rill for naturalising William Dingman, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and (bund the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John to them referred $ and thereupon had rmjde several Amendroeufe to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, W'itli the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question several !y put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed. " '

A Petition of the Trudecs for putting in Execution An Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Art fir enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Arts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 19th Tear' of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;and also for repairing the Hoad from Prescot, through Bold,

and San hep, to the Town of Warrington; and also the Road from Saint Helen to A/in the said County Palatine; was presented to the House, and' read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made* great Progress in tire Repair of the said Roads; for1 which PnriHtfe they have been obbged to borrow a con-

I e

fulerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which has, together with the Tolls, been properly applied; but that a considerable Part of the said Debt still remains due; in order to discharge which, and to complete the Repairs of the said several Hoads, it would lie necessary to have the present Term in the hfel Acts prolonged, and to have a discretionary Power vested in the " I'm frees, to Jefl’cn the said Tolls, as the State and Exigencies of the said Road will admit of; ami that the Powers granted to the Petitioners by the7 laid Arts are, in several Relpecls, defective; and the Appropriation of fpceific annual Sums for the repairing particular Parts of the said Roads has been found detrimental to the Execution of the Trust reposed in the Petitioners; which would be better executed, if the Tolls were reduced into One Fund, applicable to the Repair of all Parts of the said Roads: And therefor? praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Three Arts, or to reduce the same into, One Art of Parliament, containiaig Inch further Provisions as to the House shall l'eem requisite.

Ordered, T\mt the said Petition be referred to tlieCon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

Heieetf, Sir George Savile, Mr Lord Strange,'

Mr. Norris, Lord Garysfort, Mr, Fuller, Colonel

Irwin, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Coates,. Mr. Morton,

Sir Jarrit Smith,' Mr. Alderman Sir Edmund

I/ham, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Tpnte, Mr.

Bailer, Mr. Grap, Mr. Hare cMr. Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. llujfcp, Mr. WIntro orth, Mr. Tozonshend, Mr. Upton, Mr. Nugent, Colonel

Barre, Mr. Bur-ell, Sir William Baker, Mr Mr. Ward, Mr. Price, Sir Joh Morgan, Mr. Lord Middeton, Mr. Ne/bitl, Sir Thomas Palmer-, Sir Thomas Caves and all the Members who serve for the Counties of I.ancaster, Durham,

Westnloreland, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Peers, Esquire, on behalf of p*,' his Son Richard Spawns an Infant, lately called Richard Na* Peers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Richard Symons, Esquire, by his last Will, dated the 16th Day of Map 1753, gave and devised certain Estates, therein mentioned, unto the Petitioner said Son for Life, with Remainders in ftrirt Settlement to his Issue Male; and that in the said Will is contained a Provisoe, that such Person as should enjoy the said Estates, by virtue of the said Will, should, as they respectively came into the Possession thereof, or at fertheft so soon as they iliould attain the Age of Sixteen Years, if not then of that Age, take and ul'e the Surname of Spawns only, and no other Surname:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Richard , and

his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Spawns only, pursuant to the Will of Richard Symons, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Lloyd, and Si do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Bosom Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, ai"! Tythes Impropriate, Prbpriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of and Clapdon, in the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others changeable with, or contributing, to the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor in the several Parillies within the said Hundred have of late Years greatly inereased, are now very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a much greater Expence and Charge than formerly; and dating to the House several Advantages which, the Petitioners allege, would arise from the granting of proper Powers for the better governing and regulating the Poor within the said Hundred, and providing a Place for their general Reception: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Lbiderwoods, within-the said Hundred of and

Clapdon, with such Provisions, Authorities, and Powers therein, for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing the Poor within the said Hundred, as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Orwell, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr Calvert, Mr. licjt. Colonel Fitzrop,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Smith,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Strange, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Waller,

Mr.

Bofrnere

and

Chydon

Poor.

Stainton i* the Hole Inclosure.

4 Geo. III. 260 Janu747

Mr. Hewett, Lord Brozonlow Bet lie, Mr. Norris, Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. SandyMr. Lowndes, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hervey, Sir Thomas,

Mr. Milica, Mr. Cray, Mr. , Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Stephens, Mr. Dcmpfer, Mr. Staunton, Sir Iiobert Long, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. La Mr. Colonel Irwin, Mr. Duller, Mr. Core, Mr. Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Pnjce, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bull; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and I']flex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlfo in the County of Suffolk, in their General Quarterly Meeting assembled, the 26th Day of December 1763, was presented to the House, and real; Set ting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated by an Acr passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poorin the 1 lundredsofCo/wmand Carl-ford, in the County of Su folk; and that they have put the said Act, and the Powers thereby vested in them, as Guardians of the said Poor, in Execution, and have experienced the good Effects of it; but the Petitioners are subject to One considerable Expence, to which they apprehend it was not the Intention of the Motife to make them liable, viz they are required by the said

Act to lay their Accounts, and also the Rates made by them in pursuance of the said Act, every Quarter, before the Court of Quarter Sessions, for the Examination, Approbation, and Allowance of that Court; and the Court have obliged the Petitioners to apply, from Tim- to Time, by a Counsellor and Solicitor; and this Expence, added to the other Fees of the Court, at the Midsummer Sessions 1778, amounted to Five Guineas; and though the Clerk of the Peace hath since agreed to moderate his Fees, the Expence of having the Accounts and Rates allowed at the Quarter Sessions since Lady Day 1758, to this Michaelmas Sessions 1763, inclusive, amounts to £.73, and upwards; and therefore the Petitioners hope that they may be relieved from this Expence by the Authority of Parliament, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet; and Hating to the House several other Powers which, the Petitioners perceive, are wanting for the due Government of the said Poor; and taking Notice that the Petitioners are informed, that the Inhabitants of Bofrnere and Claydon, in the said County, intend to apply to

Parliament, that they likewise may be incorporated for the like Purposes: the Petitioners therefore hope, that some Clause or Clauses may be added to the said Act for incorporating the said Hundred of Bofrnere and Claydon, for relieving the Petitioners as well from the Handing Expence as from the several Inconveniences mentioned in the Petition; and likewise for extending the fame, and the like Privileges, Power, and Authority, to the Petitioners and their Success'ors, in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, as in or by the said Act is or shall be granted to the Directors and acting Guardians of the Poor in the said Hundred of Bofrnere and Claydon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the laH preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. IVhichcot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 29.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold* ers of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inhabitants rending in or near the Roads leading from Rurnney Bridge to Wormjhead, in the said County of through the Towns of Neath and Stoanfea; from the Town of Cardiff' to the 1'own of Caerphilly; from the Town of Cardiff to the Town of from the

Town of Cardiff to the Passage of Sully, through Le-quish and Dinas Powis; from the Town of to a

Place called Tafff's Well;from the'1’own of to

the Village of Penclawed;from the Town of Sioanfea

to the Town of Loughor; from the Town of Swansea to the Bridge called Pontar Dylais; from the Town of Swan/ca to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at a Place called PenllyrCaJlell;from the Town of Neath

to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at a Place called Penllyr Cajlell; from the Town of Neafh to the Confines of the County of Brecon, at a Place called Pont Neathvechan; Three Miles of the Road leading from the Town of Neath, to a Place called Melin y Court; from the Town of Bridgend to the Port of Aberthaw; from the Town of Bridgend to the Village of Newton Nottage; from the Town of Bridgend to Cay-Ire hen, by Perry vay; from the Town of to the

Town of Lantriffent;from the Town of to

the Town of Lantriffent; from the Town -to the Port of Aberthaw; from the Town of Coiob ridge to the Town of Lantwit Major; from the Town of Major to a Place called Pen y Prijk; from a Place called Golden Mile to the Village of Coyly; from the Town of Cowbridge to the Village of Penmark; from the Town of Lantriffent to the Village of Bonviljton; from the

Village of Saint Nicholas to the Village of Barry; from the Town of Bridgend to a Place called Pull y Plafer; being the great and common Highways leading from Cardiff, to the Towns of Brecon, Pem-

broke, and other Parts of South Wales; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Roads are become very ruinous, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommodious, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; or such other Relief as to tho House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. ham, Sir Charles KernysTynte, Mr. Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Rice, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Stanley, Sir jar-rit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Mr Vernon,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Cuff, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nesbitt,

Lord Orwell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Glover, Mr Mr.

Ward, Mr. While, Mr. Dowdef and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales; and for the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Warden and Fellows of the College of Chrifl in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in Right of the said College, are seised of the Rectory of the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, and of certain Glebe Lands belonging thereto within the said Parish; and that there are at present Handing upon Part of the said Glebe several ancient Messuages and other Buildings, which are ruinous and in great Decay; and that the said Glebe is very

9 D con-

Cardiff

Roadi.

Manclieller

College

Glebe.

Will of C. King, Esq.

Accounts; Customs of Scotland*

748 2 6°JanuariL A. 1764.

conveniently fiiuated for building upon, and great and lading Advantages would arise to the ('aid College, and to the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Man-chcjleraforesaid, if the Warden and Fellows of the said College for the Time being were impowered to grant a I.ease or Leases of the said Glebe Lands and Premisses for a Term of Years, sufficient to encourage Perl'ons to build upon the fame; and that the said Glebe would, by means thereof, be very much improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in thp Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leare be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kjjnaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Brandies and Rum imported into Scotland, from Midsummer 1761 to Midsummer 176*, and from Midsummer 1762 to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Article, and each Year; And also,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum exported out of Scotland, from Midsummer 1761 to Midsummer 1762, and from Midsummer 1762 to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Year; and specifying 'the Places to which the same have been exported: And also,

An Account of the Nett Receipt of the Customs, from Midsummer 1761 to Midsummer 1762, and from Midsummer 1762 to Midsummer 1763; distinguishing each Article, and each Year.

And the said Mr. Roice, also from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's StreiglUs and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also, what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from the iotli of October 1762, to the 10th o{October 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That tire said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 3 ili December 1763: And also.

An Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1762, and have not been converted into Annuities after the Rate of per Centum, per Annum,

pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth;

viz.

Navf

Debi.

Nary,k

Bik

'1

k"

y.

’-n,t

W,;

li-

]:&

c

‘ h\ 'i Fa

Aas

fa

4 Geo. III.

26° Janu

74 9

Navy Office, 7 AN ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter men-

26th January 1764.) tionfed, as it flood on the 31st December 1763.

Heads of the Naval Estimate's.

Particular*.

Total.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, fife, supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made

out on the aforesaid 31st December 1763; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf.

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, 8Cc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1763 -To discharge and pay off aH the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Cloths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons, Necessaries, Free Gifts, Sic. - - - -....

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1763 For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners -,

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set onShore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the 9um of Four million Four hundred' Sixty-five thousand Five hundred and Thirty Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence - -

From whence deducing the Money in the}

Treasurer’s Hands ... - f as on the other!

And also the Money that remained to come f Side - -J in of the Supplies of the Year - -j -

S.

1,511,648 18

18,753 —

263,232 19 3

i89,329 -

44,909 6 3

943*356 11 7

841,100 — —

30,207 16 3

16,329 19 — 538,946 11 2

14,121 — 2

5,520 18 i

15,189 14 —

224,716 16 io£ i93>9!4 7 9*

The Debt will then be Four million Forty-six thousand Eight hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence -Ar. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between the ill January 1763, and 31st December following -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill January 1763, and 31st December following, amounts to ——

For which Sum of £.338,385 3 s.7 no Provision has b^en made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years.

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be. Three million Seven hundred} and Eight thousand Five hundred and Thirteen Pounds Fourteen

Shillings and Four Pence

298,140 3 10

40,244 19 9

s.-

d.

2,027,873 4 8

1,814,664 7 10

590,108 2 5

32*884 7 8

4,465*530 2 7

418,631 4 8

4,046,898 17 11

338*385 3 7

3*78*5i3 *4 4

Memorandum: The Amount of the Navy, Transport, and Victualling Bills registered between ill December 1761, and 31st December 1762, which remain feribed into Bank Annuities Anno 1763, and are included in the above Debt, is as follows; viz.

Navy and Transport Bills Victualling Bills -

Principal.

114,203 19

65*025 7

179,229 6 6

Interest to 31st December 1763.

4*359 -

2,322 15 —

6,681 15 —

Total.

118,562 iq e

67,348 I

185,9*:

G. Cokbume, VOL. 29.

Tho.Slade, E. Ma/on, T. Brett.

Memorandum.

D

cq"

r-H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

ft

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1763, in MONEY, as under-mentioned,

and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

In MONEY.

Right TIonw* George) Dodington, Esqr 5

lft Treasurerlliip -

Right HonM* Henry} Legge, Esqr; - - - j

Right HonWe

Grenville, Esqr ill Treasurership - -)

Right HonHe Dodington, Esq' ! id Treasurerlliip - -)

Right Honk,e George) Grenville, Esqr > 2d Treasurership - )

Right HonWe IVII-,) liam Lord Vifcoiint ’ Barrington - -j

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D" towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

I)0 towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

On the HEADS of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Seamen’s Wages.

£. s. d.

3*363 5 7i

6,309 15 2

4,037 7

6,736 10 2

17»19I *3

44,296 1

81,934 12 6i

£. s. d.

1,539 12 1 of 80 17 9-i

2,632 2 —

55 5

2,7 n 2 3!

37 i4 3

2,699 3 H

287 n 9

5>T3i 4 8

885 - 7

77>46 3 3

1,972 13 6f

95*439 1 6I

Victuals.

£. r. d.

47 6 io£J

2,146 n 4j|

1,722 6 4

422 15 5

9,963 2 u£j

,040 19 gJJ

33

47*343 2 9

TOTAL.

£. S. d.

5»°31 3

ii,i44 3 ni

8,508 10 1

10,146 — sf

Sb1!1 1 7

I56*7I5 *7

224,716 16 10J

There remained, on the 31st December 1763, to come in of the Supjrties of the Year 1763, including Hospituls

- *93»9I4-

s. d.

7* 9<*

vj

Ol

O

26° Januarii. A. 1764.

t

so

Navy Office, the 25th January 1764.

An ACCOUNT of Navy, Victualling, arid Transport' Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1762, and have not been converted into Annuities, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament; prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons* dated the 23d January 1764.

G

w

o

w

In what Months made out. Navy and Transport Bills. Victualling Bills. GtNEtAL TOTAL.,

t Carrying Interest. Carrying no Interest. Total. ( Carrying Interest. Carrying no Interest. Total. "N

- £ s. d. £ s. d. £ J. d. £ s. d. s. d. jC* d. £ * d-

1761 December 7,600 >7 5 - m 7,600 17 5 2,405 2 8 221 6 — 2,626 8 8 10,227 6 1

1762 January - - - m - - 4.869 15 j 35 19 — 4»9°5 14 1 4,520 6 4 34» 5 9 4,862 12 1 9,763 6 2

February - . 5,406 15 6 39 *9 " 5,446 14 6 2,839 6 7 695 5 8 3,534 12 3 8,981 6 9

March 8,503 8 1 693 5 6 9, 96 13 7 6,365 10 9 645 3 5 7,010 14 2 16,207 7 9

April Tk/t .* - - - 5.776 9 4 238 18 10 6,015 8 2 5,466 5 397 14 7 5,863 19 7 11,879 7 9

May 7.2°5 1 4 305 5 4 7,5io 6 8 3.1 «9 4 8 1,092 7 7 4,211 12 3 11,721 18 u

June 8,686 4 3 480 — — 9,166 4 3 6,156 18 5 9°5 — 8 7,061 19 1 16,228 3 4

July 3»i8i 2 11 208 5 6 3,389 8 5 4,438 5 5°° 5 2 4,938 10 2 8,327 18 7

Augiijt 5.o85 7 11 361 13 10 5,447 1 9 2,752 16 — 785 7 5 3»538 3 5 8,985 5 2

September 13.637 16 8 1,261 6 10 14,899 3 6 4.367 3 6 265 6 10 4,632 10 4 19,531 13 10

OSlooer >r y 12,062 13 1 700 — 12,762 13 1 2,611 15 5 637 9 7 3,249 5 10,011 r8 1

November - - - 15>I79 12 6 283 11 2 .15,463 3 8 5,051 10 3 897 2 5 5,948 12 8 21,411 16 4

December - 12,021 15 7 378 M 9 12,400 10 4 6,941 9 11 604 17 6 7,546 7 5 19,946 17 9

' £ VO r* N ON q 19 8 4,986 19 9 114,203 *9 5 57,035 >4 6; 7,989 12 7 65,025 7 1 179,229 6 6

Os

o

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade, W. E. T.

C

i-

V*

(n

o

o

o

°£-

7T

75*

26° Janu.

A. 1764,

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie House, upon Thursday the 2d Day of February next, upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the the Matter of the feverat Petitions, complaining of an

Account; Malt Duiiei.

House.

The House being.informed that- Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Ejccife in , attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of the Malt Duties in Scotland, from the 23d Day of June 1754, to the 23d Day of June 1761; distinguishingeach Year; and how much arose from Duty, and how much from Compositions,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Winchflfea Cambrick. and Lawn

undue Election and Return for the said Borough, as relates to the Petition of Anthony Bacon, Esquire, bedif-charged.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants residing in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of

ton, commonly called Portsmouth Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Common is situate between the Town of and

His Majesty’s Dock Yard there, and, for the Conve-viency of its Situation, was many Years since began to be built upon, and of late Days has so greatly increased in the Number of Housea, and other Edifices, laid out in Streets, Lanea, and other Passages, that the same is now larger than the Town of Portsmouth, and is become a Place of great Trade and Resort; and that the said Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, are now in a

A Petition of the several Merchants and others,__________

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented very rujnaus and dangerous Situation; and the said

Manufactory. the ,an.d/ead> That a Manu- place} by reason thereof, and Gf the many Nuisances

factory of Cambricka and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind an(j other Annoyances daily committed in the fame, is usually known under those Denominations, has been become very unwholsome and unsafe, as well for the established by the Petitioners, and others, at a great Inhabitants as for all other Persons trading and resort-Expence, at Winclielfea, in the County of Sussex; and ing the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may that a considerable Quantity of those Goods has been be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and re-already made in the said Manufactory, which, the Peti- -

tioners apprehend, are equal, if not ftiperior in Fabric, to those made in Foreign Parts; and that if proper Countenance and Protection were given to the said Ma-nufaftory, it might be greatly extended and improved, to the Advantage of this Kingdom, by employing great Numbers of poor People, of both Sexes, and also by encouraging the Growth of Flax: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better establishing, and for improving, regulating, and extending the said Manufactory, by such , Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kyndston. Mr. Upton,

Methods as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they da examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Shi fit r, Lord Strange, Mr.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Totvnfiiend, Sr Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Amyand, Mr. Dempfier, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bertie, Mr. O/iculd, Mr. Heioett, Admiral Coates, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Lord Orwell, Mr. Rigby, Lord North, Mr. Pryce, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Parker, Lord George Devon: And they are to> meet this Afternoon, at Five

Sackville, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Kemys Mr,

Fairfax, Sir Edmund JJhatn, Mr. Montagu-, Mr.

Air. Fitzherbert, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mr. Harris, Sir William Baker, Mr. Stanley, Sir Eduard Turner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Her-iw/, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr Nugent, Col. Mr. Pratt,

Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Norris, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Hunter,

Doctor Hay, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dyson, Col. Act for naturalizing his Highness Charles William

Nugent, Mr. Wood, Lord Mklleton.M r. Upton, Lord dinand, Hffeditary Prince of Brnnswick Lunenburgh,

Vemey, Mr. Lowndes, Col. Howe, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ed- without any Amendment.

monjtone, Mr. Luther; and all the Merchants of the -

House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to- meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Honiton

Eie&ion.

fend for Personv Papers, and Records: And all who the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented come are to have Voices. to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of all Teas, China Ordered, That Anthony Bacon, Esquire, be at Liberty Ware, Callicoes, and other East India Goods, exported to withdraw his Petition, compkdnaag of ant un&is- to the Britfh Colonies in America in- Ten Years, Election and Return for the Beroogh of Hokitoa, itt the from Christmas 1752 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing County of Devon. each Year; together with an Amount of the Draw-

Ordered, That so much of the Order made upon the backs paid thereon: And also, qth Day of December last, for hearing, at the Bar of this An Account of the Quantities of Tallow imported .21 into

Pwtt

gulating the said Streets, Lanes, and other Passages; and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances therein; in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, Limitations, and Directions, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Sluart, Marquis of

Mr. Amyand, Lord StrAnge, Mr. Maicbey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rolle, Sir Charles Mord&uni, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Morion, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hervey, Sir Edzcard. Hawke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Nugent, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wood, Mr. Fonereau, Admiral Coates, Mr. Shijfner, Lord Sackville, Mr. Fuller, Cob Barre, Air Sir George

Pocock, Mr. Harris, Admiral Holbovrn, Mr. Parker, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dempfier, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Nesbitt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Wliichcot, Mr. Whitworth, Lord lozv Bertie, Mr. Willy, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Derfet, Wills, and

of the Clack, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Aleflage from the Lords, by Mr.. and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Guii

In

D,

Smj

The House being informed that Air. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at

Pr*

Bfunld

u

Act*

Erfi

export

An*

T#

*s

oos ie

>]!:

4 Geo. III.

26' Januarii.

753

T

W-:,

k:,

K r, tj. i

:k{:.

ceV-

at ^,

!> tiiic i

jfe.

rt 90S; fflllv.

Nsi ti-ric-

' cl! t; SG > Lai-:

t!3

pPl-

Lij;

Kti-'

let

Jet'

to Mi-

Militia

Certificatei.

.Mr

Mr.!

:Hr

Mr.'

Ji.

1,1-

it

h

rr,n.-

‘f; '

I*

ir,;

T.

|t>’

fQ V*

GuilJborourfi Si c. In^losure.

into England fom Rujffia, from Christmas 1753

chadmas 1763; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon tire Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of thia Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Vaughan, Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northampton, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to an Order of the House of the 16th Day of December last, for the proper Officer for the several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford,

Sujfbx, Nottingham, Nortkampton, Hereford, Rutland, Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, to lay before this House, Copies of the Certificates mentioned in the said Order. And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House reftimed tire adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Ground, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within Guiljborough, Coton, and Norloft, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution to take an Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House.

Doocaster A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Small Debt!. Burgesses of the Borough and Soak of Doncaster, in the County of York; and other the principal Inhabitants of the Town, Borough, and Soak of Doncaster aforesaid.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the said Town is large and populous, and has several small Viils or Hamlets within the Borough and Soak, and within the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses; that many Persons, to whom the Traders within the said Town, Borough, and Soak, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, frequently refuse, though well able, to pay their just Debts, availing themselves of the Difficulties their Creditors lie under, by the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing the m; that the Petitioners apprehend, that the establishing a Jurisdiction within the said Town, Borough, and Soak, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, would beof great Advantage to the said Traders, and also to the honest and industrious Poor; and that the lighting in a proper Manner the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places within the said Town, would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, Borough, and Soak, as well as to all Persons reporting thereto, or travelling through the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Von. zg.

Bill for the Purposes above stated, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr.

Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Tow Lord Barrington*

Mr. Hero ey, Lord Strange, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Sir George Ycmge, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. DempJler, Mr. llarbord,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Morton, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Buller, Sir 1 Valter Wagstaffi Bagot, Mr. Price, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pturner, Mr.

Mr. Parker, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bydt, Mr. Luther, Mr. Holt, Mr. Bud; and aft the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and

Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it. be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do report their Opinion to the House upon that Part of the said Petition which relates to the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town, Borough, and Soak.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor and Liberties of Westbury, in the County of Bwcfa, and of the Patron

and Vicar of the Parish Church there, and of the several Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Estates, within the Open and Common Field and Commonable Lands of Wcjlbury aforesaid; whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands and Estate in tire said Open and Common Field lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniencies do arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Places of aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right and Interest in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of tire said Petition: And that Mr. Grenville and the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SirWilliam Beauc/iampProflorpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for governing, employing, and maintaining the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre which is in the County of r; for

cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places within the same; and for widening Charter-house Lane: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProftoP have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly! And,

The laid Bill was read the First Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morr©W Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Westhur*

Inclolufe*

St Sepulchred Poor (Middlesex).

754

27° Jamarii.

A. 1764.

Veneris 27* die Januarii;

Anno 4" Georgii IIIdi Regis, 1764.

Waneford

Pour.

Prayers.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee to whom

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundredo in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselvesand all otherscharge-abie with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundred of and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Hclief of the Poor within the said Hundred; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Henry Negus was examined; who said, that he

knows the several Hundreds of and Mutford,

and Lothingland-, that the Poor within the said Hundreds are of late Years considerably increased, and the Rates higher than formerly, as appears by the several Rates for several Years lad pait, which he had examined.

That the incorporating the Gentlemen of a certain Qualification, and appointing them Governors of the Poor within the said Hundreds, and giving them proper Powers for providing a proper Place for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, would be an effectual Means of reducing the Rates, as has been shewn by Experience in a neighbouring Hundred, where the same Scheme was adopted some Years ago; and that now great Part of the Debt of the said Hundred is paid off, and the Poor maintain themselves by their Labour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment, of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk: And

that Mr. Sandys. Col Fitzroy, Sir John and

Mr. llarbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the 1 Iundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk:And that Mr. Sandys, Co\.Fitzroy, S>]rJolmGlynne, and Mr. llarbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r Clement Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-D.mcs leers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish Nightly of St. Clement Danes, in the Liberty of,

U'a ch. an(j county of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Burglaries Robberies, and other Outrages are frequently committed within the said Parish; and that the establishinga well-regulated nightly Watch would, in a great Measure, prevent the said Evils; and that the Poor of the said Parish are veiy numerous, and might be better managed and regulated if sufficient Powers were given for that Purpose; and that if the Petitioners were impowered to make Rates for defraying the Expences of watching the said Parish, and for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, it would greatly tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners, and the rest of

the Inhabitants: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the^ Petitioners such Relief therein, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir William

Beauchamp Proflor, Sir Richard Mr. Kynaston, Lord Winter ton, Mr. llarbord, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Archer, Lord John Mr. fitz-

herherl, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr! Montagu,

Col. Fitzroy, Mr. Blackjlone, Sir George Mr.

Townshend, Col. Irxoin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waller, Mr. Thomas Tozvnjhend Junior, Mr. Wynne, Mr.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jarrk Smith, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Whit-

worth, Mr. Gray, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Mordaunt , Mr. LuttreMr. , Mr. Coventry, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Hereford, Surrey, and Sits)"ex;and for the City of I on don: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, t / 7 in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend

for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Lucy Knightly, Esquire, Lord of the Hartrfhm Manor of Haverjhamin the County of Bucks, and Pa- lncliurt.

tron of the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish several Open and Common Fields, wherein the Lands of the Petitioner, and the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and a Compensation made to the Rector in lieu of his said Glebe Lands, and the Tythes arising within the said Parish, it would be advantageous as well to the said Rector and his Successors as to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the said Glebe Lands and Tythes, in such Manner and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Drake, Sir Edmund Isham, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town and Corporation of Bedford, Charities. Trustees of a Charity Estate given by Sir William liar-pur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife; and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and annexed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That King Edward the Sixth, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, granted Letters Patent, dated the 15th Day of August 1552, to the Mayor, Bail ill's, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Bedford, impowering them to erect and establish a free Grammar School in the said Town, for the Instruction and Nouriftiment of Youths and Boys of the said Town in Grammar Learning and good Morals, to be governed by a Master and Ulher for ever, who are to be nominated and appointed by the Warden and Fellows of Neio College, 0.iford; with Licence for the said Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, to purchase and enjoy Lands to the Value of f. 40 per Annum, to be held in Capite or otherwise, for the Support of the said School, Schoolmaster, and Usher, for the Education of poor Boys, for the giving Marriage Portions to poor Maids, and the Ilefidue to be distributed in Alms amongst the poor Inhabitants of the said Town of Bedford; and that the said Letters patent

likewise

8;

U

1

U

4 Geo. III.

270 Januarii.

755

ed;

ts

r

'h

<A v

[, i,

dc:v:

U-

ll.t A,

ari.-arb r jii: ;rl: but' T; \l iI:;.: ;rtL a:

r

ir. f"

k

a a -'

V:.

iV-

:iF-

' r’

j: -

:;,.c

b!:':

Bedford

Charity.

Rye

Barbour.

likewise gave special Licence to any Person to give Lands to the said Corporation for the Uses before mentioned; in Consequence of which Sir William liar pur, of the City of London, Knight, and Dame Alice his "Wife, did, by Deed of Gift, dated the 22d Day of April 1566, after reciting the above Letters Patent, convey unto the said Corporation, and their Successors for ever, a Messuage called the School House, with its Appurtenances, situate in the Town of Bedford, and also thirteen Acres and one Rood of Meadow Ground, lying in the Parish of Saint Andrew London, towards

the Maintenance of the said Matter and Ulher, and for the other Uses mentioned in the said Letters Patent; which Land, at the Time it was given, produced only Twelve Pounds a Year; but having been leased from Time to Time upon building and repairing Leases, it is estimated, the reserved Kents, when the whole Estate is Jet on building or repairing Leases, will amount at the ' least to £. 3000 a Year: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, so that the Application of the Revenues of this Estate may be extended to answer further Purposes, for the Benefit, of the Town of Bedford, than what are specified in the Letters Patent of King Edward the Sixth, and the Deed of Gift of Sir William Ilarpur; and that a Bill may be brought into the House for those Purposes.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Aldermen, Common Council, Burge lies. Freemen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, was also presented to the House, and read; Reciting the said Letters Patent, and Deed of Gift; and alleging, that since the granting of the said Ground, a great Number of Houses and Streets have been erected, and built thereon; and a Lease formerly granted of the said Charity Estate having expired at Michaelmas 1760, the Rents and Profits of the said Charity Estate are so greatly increased, that the yearly Income now amounts to several Thousand Pounds; and that it is become necessary that a more particular and extensive Plan should be formed and settled for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the said Charity Estate than has hitherto been done; as the same cannot be properly and effectually established without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better establishing the said Charity, for the appointing of proper Trustees, and for the Application of the increased Rents and Profits of the said Charity Estate, iu fuel) Manner as to the House shall seem meet; and as shall be moll beneficial for the said Town of Bedford, and agreeable to the Intention of the Donors.

And the said Pet itions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees named and appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act made' in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in-"tituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour o f Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring

the Harbour of Rye, in the County of r, to its ancient Goodncl’s, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye-, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting That by several Acts of Parliament made in the 11 tli and 12th Years of King William the Third, a certain Duty was laid and continued upon all Ships and Vessels therein described, for the Repair of Dover Harbour; and that the said several Acts were, by an Act made in the 9th of King George the First, for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent-, and for restoring the Harbour of in the County of Sujjfex, to its ancient Goodness; continued until the First Day of May 1744; and the said Duty was directed to be appropriated, divided, and paid, for

V01. 29.

the Benefit of the said Harbours of Dover and Rye respectively, in Manner therein mentioned; and that by the said Act of the Tenth of King George the First, the Commissioners and Trustees are impowered to erect or order all Matters and Things necessary for opening a new Cut or Channel from Winchelsea Wall to the Sea, and to do all other Works necessary for effecting the Purposes of the said Act; and that by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, the said Duty was further continued until the First Day of May 1765, Old Style; and that by an Act made in the 31st of King George the Second, it was enacted.That after the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act of the 1 ith of his said Majesty, One Moiety of the Rates and Duties granted and continued by the said former Acts should be continued for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, and be applied for the Benefit and Support of the Harbourof Dover: And alleging, That in pursuance of the said Act of the 10th of King George the First, the Petitioners have made a new Cut or Channel from a Wall called Winchelsea Wall, which divides the said new Cut from the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, right out to the Sea; and Stone Piers and other Works have been erected at the End of the said new Cut next the Sea, and a navigable Sluice has been built at the Difiance of 150 Rods from the said Piers, and the Walls of the said new Cut have been wharfed, and are, as well as the said Winchelsea Wall, of sufficient Height and Breadth, according to the Directions of the said Act; and in pursuance of an Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, the Sea and Tides have lately been let into the said new Cut or Channel, as far as the said Winchelsea Wall only, and that without any Danger to the Lands lying near thereto, or to the said Channel of Winchelsea and; and that since

the Sea and Tides have been let into the said new Cut or Channel, many Vessels have come into the fame, and have lain there in great Security; and that Ships and Vessels, to the Number of 300, may safely ride and lay at Anchor in the said new Cut or Channel; and that the repairing and heightening the Walls of the said Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, from the said new Cut or Channel to the Town of Winchelsea, and from the said new Cut or Channel to the Town of Rye, and the letting the Sea and Tides into the said Channel, through the said hew Cut or Channel, and the issuing the Land Waters of near 100,000 Acres through the same into the Sea, will be the Means of keeping the said new Cut or Channel clean and open, and prevent the lilting thereof, and will make a navigable Communication between the same and the Town of Rye; and that the Wharfing and other \forks in the said new Cut, for want of letting in the Sea and Tides sooner to the fame, have run greatly to Decay, which the Petitioners are unabe to do, and to repair and to heighten the Walls of the find Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, and to perform such other Works as may be found ne-celfary to be done for restoring the Harbour to its ancient Goodness, and to keep the whole in proper Repair, unless the Terms for which the said Rates and Duties are granted by the said former Acts be enlarged, or some other Provision be made in that Behalf; And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for continuing One Moiety of the said Rates and Duties granted by the said Act of the 1 ith and 12th Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, to be paid and applied pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts of Parliament, of the 9th and iolh Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the said Harbour of Rye, for such further and longer Time as the House shall think fit; and for giving and granting to the Petitioners such furt her and other Powers and Authorities as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

9 F Ordered

Rye

Harbour.

75° a 7° Jctnuarii. 1764.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Norris, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

Montagu, Colonel Fitzrmj, Mr. Penton, Mr. Luther, Mr. Tmonjhend, Sir Edward llawke, Mr Lord

Qarysfort, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Parker, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Harbord, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Knight, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fuller, Lord Royston, Mr. Pennant, Sir James Loiother, Mr. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Nugent, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Coventry, Sir Edmund 'fhomas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onjlmc, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Siifex, Surrey, and Middlesex s and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Accords.

Spalding Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to through whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, 'foacT Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants that, live near the Great Road leading from the High Bridge in the Town of Spalding, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, by and through the several Pari foes of Wejion, Moulton,

Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Lutton, and Sutton St. Mary's, -to Tydd Goat \ and from the Town o Saint

Mary's aforesaid, over Sutton Common, through Sutton Wash Way, to the Wash Sidethere, within the said Parts;

'fvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at t he Clerk’s Table: /Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

/: To - prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Captain Northon said, That he know's the Roads deferred in the Petition, that they are almost impassable in winter, and cannot polfibly be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being; and that if the said Roads are repaired, it will be X)f great public Utility.

William Eljlebb and John Watson confirmed the Evidence given by Captain Northon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads lroni the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Placfc called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincla ;and flrpm Sutton Saint

Metros to Sutton Wash, in the said County: And

that Mr. Whichcot, Lord Bertie, and Mr.

Bet'lie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wiggington A Petition of Hewley Baines, of Bell Hall, in the Indofiire. County of York, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Wig-gington, in the said County, and Owner of several ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands at Wiggington aforesaid; Thomas Mojley, of Wigging-ton aforesaid. Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Wiggington aforesaid; and the several other Perfofts whose Names are thereunto subscribed and set; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Manor, or Lordship, there is a large and extensive Common, called Wiggington Moor, confiding of 400 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and also a Parcel of inclosed Land, called the Old

clojure; and that the Petitioners have agreed, that the said Common shall be divided, and inclosed, and that the said Old Indqfure shall, for the future, be exempted

from the Payment of allTythes; and that an adequate Compensation, in lieu thereof, shall be secured to the said Thomas Mojley, and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds of Wiggington aforesaid; and for allotting and assigning certain adequate Compensations to the Rector of the Parish of Wiggington aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes, and for other Purposies, as therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr.; do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Commost wdmd Lends, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com* IkWus, ffion Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Territories, Preempts, Hamlets, and Township of War favor fh, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and tedd; Setting forth. That there is, in the said Liberties, Territories, Preeinfts, Hamlets, and Township, One large Open and Common Field, called Work-worth Field, confining of Three distinct Tythings, called Warkworth Tything, Banbury Tything, and Middleton Tything, which are dispersed in and through the said Township, and in and through certain Hamlets, called Overthorpe, Nethercote, Grimfbury, and and

conlifting of Fifty-five Yard Lands and One half, or thereabouts, and some odd Pieces of Ground, together with divers Pastures and Commons belonging to the same, all which said Yard Lands, Pastures, and Commons, contain together 1700 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fordividing, inclosing, assigning, and alloting the said Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands; or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Tmonjhend and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Chta Common Fields, Common or Waste Grounds, and other c<* Commonable Lands in the Parish of Coton, in

in the County of Warwick, was read a.Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackjidne, Sir Bichafd Warwick fylde, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fitzherbert,

Iiord Strange, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Her bn/, Mr. Wood, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund IJhaht, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Pye, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Sahd Sit George Savile,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whittbdrth, Mt. Harvey, Sir Thmiids

Palmer, Mr. Totonjhend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Ptyce, Lord Royston, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Sliijfner, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Stevens, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dlckinjbn, Mr. Grey; Mr. Sir

Thomas Cave, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Byde,

Colonel Irwin, Mr. Ltribndcs, Mr.; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Stafford, Detby, and Nottingham: And they are to nleet this Afternoon, at Five Of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gnntha Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Towns of Grantham, Melton

v and

1

>>G

aBl:,

IV v

chh

tC;^:

tklfe D fc; dh

MJfc

ncvts

it;,

ete-,

te* iel£j L !0;W,) iLc.ilt cOitD/i andiri

> lit ;*$

kfo

ke:-? :! to C?EL1 loir icil Mb

liar

: fci

)p?9 3

ateft

iftfc

irC#

if! for

kb

U

y k

ir i * -

’if k

’’ Jr. < Barton ipon Trent to Derby llr.fr Road.

2!1

4 Geo. III.

270 Januarii.

7S7

f-

l¥'

Of

and Liiflefworlh, and several other Towns and Places Town, and Manor of bideford in the County of

in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester, whole Names Devon; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Inhabitants living or reading in or hear, and fre-aftd read; Settingforth, That the High Road leading questly travelling the several Roads leading from the from Grantham, in the said County of Lincoln, by Town Of Bideford aforesaid, was presented to the Hdrlexton, and Denton, in the said County of Lincoln, House, and read; Setting forth^ That the Road lead-

and by Croxfon Kerriol, through Waltham, Melton

Mowbray, Kerby, Be liars, upon the Wreak, over

the upper Parts of Rothetby and Lofdships,

and through Rear fly, Syston, and in the

f;:id County of Leicester, to the Guide Port in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, near the Turnpike Road

ing from the said Town, to Bowden Green, in the said Parish, and from thence, through the several Parishes of Bideford, Abbottsham, Allwington, and Park-ham, to Way Down, alias White Down, in the said Parish; and from thence to Tren/ree CroJ's, in the Parish of Bradworthy; and from Way Down afore-

there from Leicester to Loughborough; also the High said, through Woolfardifworthy Parish, to Dike Green,

Road from Croxfon Kerriol aforesaid, by the Three in the Parish of and from thence to the

Queens on or near Saltby Heath, to the South Westward Port or Key of Clowelly; and from Dike Green afore-

Etid of a Lane in the Lordship of Horloxton, in the County of Lincoln, leading from the said Three Queens towards a Place called Salter's Ford-, also the High Road from Melton Mowbray aforesaid, to the Westward End of a Lane in the Lordship of Brentingby, in the said County of Leicester, leading to JVymdndhdm, in

said to Stoke Church, in the Parish of and

front thence to Welcombe-, and from Stoke Church aforesaid to Trentree Cross aforesaid; and also from Bowden Green aforesaid, through the Parities of Bideford, Liltle/tam, Buckland Brewer, to Thornhill Head, ih Bucklatid Brewer aforesaid; and from thence through

the same County; also from Rearjby aforesaid, through vorthy, Fritheljlock, arid Newton Saint Petrock,

TruJJintOn, by Ratcliff On the Wreak, and through Set- to Walden Bridge, in the Parish of Milton Damarel,

to the Town of Holdfworthy; and also from the Town, of BideJord aforesaid, through Part of the Parish of called the Ridge, and from thence through the several Parishes of Frithel-

stock, and Shebbear, to Buckland Cross, in the Parish of Buckland Filleigh, in the said County; and from the Parish of Munckleigh, through the said Parish Of Fritheljlock, to [flock Stone; and from thence over Langtfce Common, in the said Parish of Lang tree, through the Parishes of and Petrockstone,

by Cross, to the Town of in the said County; and from thence through the Parishes of High Hampton and Norlhlew, over Bradbury where the Plymouth Turnpike Road leads from Plymouth to; and also the Road from

aforesaid, through the said Parish of High Hampton, by the Golden to , in the said

County; and also from Bideford, through Abbottsham to the Windmill, in the Hartland Road, in the said Parish o; and from to Northam;

and from BideJord, through North Dowh Lane, tea Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cross Way in the said Parish of Abbottsham, called Ryder, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Byde, Sir John Glynns, fold also from to Northam, odd,

Mr. Fuller, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Kynaston, Sir from thence to Appledore, in the said Parish of

George Savile, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Jdrrit tham; and from aforesaid to certain Lands

Smith, Mi-. Mazobey, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Har- called the Burroughs, in aforesaid; are in a.

ris. Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Towtshend, Lord Brozontow vefy ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired arid

widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Coliffe of Law; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for the repairing, widening, arid keeping in Repair, the several Roads above mentioned, in such Mafiher as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

by, and BafrOtoupon Soar, to the South Eastward End Of Cotes Bridge, in the said County of also

from the First mentioned Road, at or near a certain Place in the Lordship of Bin the said County of Leicester, called the Round to the Town of Barkby; and also from the Town of Leicester aforesaid. By Aylcfton, through Blaby, and Dunton Ba/Jet Lane, to Lutterworth, in the said County of Leicester; are become so ruinous and bad, that in the Winter Season some Parts thereof are almost impassable with Carriages, arid in many Parts incommodious and dangerous for Passengers: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending and keeping in Repair, and widening, (if necessary) the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sutton, Mr. Grey,

Bertie, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rice, Lord Barrington, Mr. Blackflotie. Colonel Irwin, Mr. Wood, Lord Villiers, Mr. Dj Lord Manners,

Mr. Drake, Lord Strange, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Which cot, Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Coventry-, and all the Members Who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, Northampton, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BI deford I. Roads.

Mr. reported from the Committee to whom

the Petition of the ^tifticCs of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants and Traders, residing in the Town of

r l l j c . 1 . i it r j- Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York;

Mr Filxherbert presented to House accord, ng a,d ajf0 the petitio(1 ,f,he Gentlemen, Merchants, to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term Traders, and ot|ler Inhabitants of the Town of 07ii% and Powers of an A« made 111 the 26th Year of the the Nonh Riding of the County of Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, K,ames are thereI1(1?0 (Hbforibed; were fevetallir re-intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matters Road front the AVett End of the Town of Burton upon of ,|)e said fc^hons, a,d |,aI| directed him to report Trent, in the County of S afiord, through the said t|) c h appeared to them, to the Uoafe, add

Town, to_the South End of the Townof 2>er«yi in the hc read th, bjs p,acc. and afterwards de-

County Derby: And the same was received, and ||vww) it in c,erk.s tah|e: Where the faille

rcap "\e tvas r6ad; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, lhatthe Bill be read aSecond Time. to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Henry Clarke, Mr. William Dodfwell, and Mr. Btn-A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- jamin being examined, fCverally said, That the

gefres, and principal' Inhabitants, of the Borough Town of Whitby is A lafgS Sea Port, containing a V01.. 29. great

Whitby

Street*.

1

Delanne’*

Will.

758 2 70 Januarii. A. 1764.

great Number of Inhabitants, and from whence a great mentioned in the said Will cannot be paid, or the chari-Trade is carried on. table Intention of the Testator be carried into Execu-

That the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Paf- tion, unless the Defect in the Execution of the Will be sages, are very ill paved, and are much broken and removed, and His Majesty be enabled to grant the tore up by Carts and other Carriages employed in said Eliates unto the Petitioners, and their Heirs, to carrying Goods and Merchandizes; and having no sell the same, and to apply the Money arising by such Scavengers, the Inhabitants are greatly annoyed by Sale according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Filth and Dirt, for want of the Streets being properly said Testator: And therefore praying. That Leave swept and cleansed; that the Streets are narrow; and may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said from the Incroachments made by the projecting of Shares in House, Gardens, and Premisses, in

Steps and Cellar Windows from the Houses, and from the Petitioners and their Heirs, in Trust, to fell the there being too many Polls, great Inconveniences fame, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale for arise. ' the several charitable Purposes, and in Manner before

That the Inhabitants are subject to greatImpofilions mentioned, from the exorbitant Demands of Porters and Cartmen , That the said Petition be referred to the

employed in carrying Coals and other Goods in the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. said Town; and that if Provision was made for the Refotved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-better paving and cleansing the said Streets, regu- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lating the Carts and Carriages, and settling the Wages to consider of the said Petition, of Porters and Cartmen employed therein, it would be

a great Ease and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs said Town. of the City of London attended at the Door; he was

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Alleys, and public PalVages within the Town of Whitby, Commons of the City of London, in Common Council Bridge, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroach- assembled. ments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating And then he withdrew'.

the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there: And that And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Wilkinson, and Sir George Savite, the Petitioners, upon the Application of divers Mer-

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. chants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the

City of and Borough of Southwark, and of

A Petition of John Ferrett and Robert Edmonston, the several Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffix, to the surviving Executors of James Delanne, late of the the House, were, by an Act passed in the 29th Year of , Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of his late Majesty to improve, widen, and enlarge the Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, being offered to be Passage over and through London Bridge, impowered presented to the House; to make such Purchases, and required to take down

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s such Houses and Buildings as they should judge necef-. Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty fary for the Enlargement and Improvement, of the Paf-. haying been informed of the Contents of the said Pc- sage over, and the Avenues leading to and from the . tition, gives His Consent that the House should do said Bridge; and also to widen and enlarge One or therein as they think proper; and recommends the said more of the Arches thereof; and certain Tolls were Petition to the Consideration of the House. thereby granted and vested in the Mayor and Corn-

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; monalty, and Citizens of the said City, for that Service; Setting forth. That the said James Delanne being seised and that by another Act, passed in the 31st Year of the . in Fee Simple of Two Shares in a Messuage or Tene- lleign of his said late Majdly, for applying aSumof Moment situate at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, ney then granted for the Service of and

called Ranelagh house, with the Gardens, Outhouses, for rendering more effectual the said former Act, the said

and Appurtenances to the same belonging, and being Tolls granted by that Act were discontinued; and that possessed of some Three per Cent Annuities, India Stock, by a l’ubsequent Act, passed in the First Year ofllis and other personal Estate, made his last Will and Testa- present Majesty s Reign, to enlarge and improve the ment, in Writing, bearing Date the 26th Day of March North East Avenue of the said Bridge, the Petitioners 1762, and disposed of his Estate in Manner mentioned were authorized and required to cause so much of the in the Petition; and alleging, that the Testator died Fabrick of the Parish Church of the united Parishes of soon after making his Will, without altering or revoking Magnus and Margaret, New Fish Street, London,

the fame; and the Petitioners, and Richard Rvbinfun, to be taken down and removed, as should be necessary since deceased, appointed by his Will his foie Executors, for laying the Site or Ground of the said Parish Church, duly proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of at the North and South Ends of the Tower or Steeple Canterbury, and took upon them the Execution thereof, thereof, together with the Passage through the said and possessed themselves of all the Tellator’s personal Tower, or Steeple, into the said North East Avenue of Estate, in order to apply and dispose of the same for the said Bridge; and the said Petitioners wrere, by the the several charitable and other Purposes in the said Will said Act, required to erect a Vestry Room for the Service mentioned; and that the Testator’s said Will not being of the said Church in the Churchyard, on the South executed in the Presence of Three Witnesses, according Side of the said Church, and also an Engine House, to to the Statute made and provided for the Disposition of adjoin thereto; and alleging, that the Petitioners have Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, the fame, as to the proceeded to execute the Powers and Trulls given by ' Shares of and in the said Messuage, Gardens, and Pre- the said Acts with all possible Attention to so great a misses a.t ChelJ'ea, being Freehold, become void, and of Service, for the public Utility; and that the Charges at-

noEffeft; by Reason whereof the same Shares would tending the Works already performed, and to be have defeended unto the Testator’s Heir at Law, if any performed, amount by Computation, to the Sum of such there was; but, on the llrifteft Inquiry, no such £. 104,686 12 7^; that the Petitioners have received, Heir can be found, and therefore the same did efeheat by the Produce of the said Tolls, the Sum of to the Crown, and became vested in His Majesty, in £. 4,465 11 3$; and, by Sale of the Materials of Right of IlisPrerogative; and that the Personal Estate Houses taken down, the Sum of £. 3,719 12 1; and, of the Testator, come to the Hands of his Executors, by sundry Grants from Parliament, the Sum of is not sufficient to discharge his Funeral Expences, £. 71,210 12 6, making together the Sum of 79,395 Debts, and the several pious and charitable Legacies 15 iof, exclusive of £. 6,391 2 6, which, upon the directed to be paid; by Reason whereof the Legacies fatal burning of the Temporary Bridge, was condi-17: tionally

lb*

K

N*

Ciapi

4 Geo. III. 27 Januarii.759

tionally borrowed of the Bridge House; all which said several Sums amount in the whole to the Sum of £.85,786. i8r. 4 $d.and which Sum being deduced from the said Sum of£. i 04,686. 12s. 7 their appears u- a Deficiency of £. 18,899. 14s. 3 unprovided for

\ by Parliament, exclusive of the said Moneyconditionally

borrowed of the Bridge House Estate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money, as will enable them to fulfil the Tmfts reposed in them by the said Acts Parliament, for the Benefit of the Public; or to give the Petitioners such further Relief, as to the House shall seem meet, y . Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the c . House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Strange, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rigby, Sir Jo/in Philipps, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tawnjhend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Lord ' North, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Elliot, Mr. PreJ'cot, Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Mr. NortheySir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. MaLord Royf on, Mr. Fuller,

V. Mr. Dyjon, Mr. Rice, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Aider-

man Harley, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Hume, Sir :--i Robert Long, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir James Mr.

Martin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Robinson, Doctor Hay, Mr. (-' Ryder, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hunter, Lord ;E Mr. Jackson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Lord John

x - Cavendish, Mr. Buller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Wood, Mr. Montagu, Lord

GeorgeSackville, Mr. Parker, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. j (i /re, Sir George Savile, Mr. Milles, Colonel Irtvin, Mr.

v Hunter, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr.

worth, General Townshend, Mr. Sir

Abdy, Mr. Oswald, Colonel Edward Turner,

Sir Alexander Gilmour; and all the Members who serve _;i for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex, Kent, Surrey, and SuJ/ex: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That all the Accounts presented to this House in this or any former Session of Parliament, re-i ' lating to the Money granted for the Repair of London

Bridge, and of the Expenditure thereof, be referred to Lv the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and ' Mr. PecheU:

Mr. Speaker,

llBrteilhrt The Lords havepafTed a Bill, intituled, An Act for f'- Nau naturalizing John Marteiof London, Merchant; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Navy A Petition of the Chaplains of the Royal Navy, '-Chaplains. being offered to be presented the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s 1 Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty

- having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; i Setting forth. That after the Peace of Utrecht, a Bounty

was granted by the House of Commons to the Chaplains dismissed from the Royal Navy; and that, in 1754, the House voted a Subsistence of Two Shillings and Vot. 29.

Sixpence a Day to the Twenty senior Chaplains of His Majesty’s Fleet, and Two Shillings a Day to the next Twenty, provided they had personally served Five Year*, and enjoyed no Ecclesiastical Preferment of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds; and that Hostilities commencing in the following Year, that Vote, in favour of the Petitioners, was not renewed; and now, that the Blelfing of Peace isreftored to the Nation, and an annual Relief is allotted to every other Rank of Officers discharged from His Majesty’s Service, it has so fallen out, that the Petitioners are-alone excluded from so general a Bounty; that the Situation of the Petitioners seems in some Degree to merit the Companion of the House, as the greater Part of them forsook their Friends, and the Means of their Support, to embrace His Majesty’s Service, on the first Equipment of the Fleet, and continued in the Royal Navy whilst their respective Ships -remained in Commission, having the comfortable View before them of a moderate Subsistence, in common with the dismissed Chaplains of the Army, when Times of Tranquility should arrive; and that, by their long Absence in remote Parts of the World, many of the Petitioners are become, as it were.

Strangers in their owu Country, and shall be reduced to a State of evident Distress, should this Memorial foil of meeting with a favourable Reception; and that the Petitioners humbly beg Leave to represent, that should a suitabie Encouragement be granted to the Chaplains in Time of Peace, it would not only do Honour to their Profession, but would induce Clergymen of Character and Ability, on future Occasions, chearfully to engage themselves in His Majesty’s Naval Service: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have such a Provision, as to the House the Petitioners Circumstances may appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Account* j His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of P*8** the Chaplains who have served in His Majesty’s Fleet during the late War; distinguishing the Time of their respective Services.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of Accounts; His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of Public^et>t*' January 1764, beingOId Christmas'D&y, with the annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the Sums Total of the said Account were also read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

9G To

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliment assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the PUBLIC DEBTS at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5 th Day of January 1764, (being Old

with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

0

0

00

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sam contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company Ditto - - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed Ditto -- for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths

Exchequer Bills made out for I nterest of old Bills ——

Note. The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the£. 1,000,000 charged on the Deduction of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, nor the/*. 1,800,000 charged on the Supplies, Armo 1764.

Principal Debt*

Annual I nterest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

£ * d-»836,*75 17 10i 108,100 — — 75>4°5 H 1Qi

rtm

i3e>453 a a. 8

7*5^7-----

9,143 12 —

2,200----- r

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

fey Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. 3tii Regis, and Two other Acts 6° % g°Amce Regina, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum Annuities at/*. 3 per Cent, per Ann.jtjpno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters

3,200,000 — — 1/000,000 — - —

91 5 *4 4

30,401 15 8

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the lft Augitjl 1743 -

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regis ——

Purchased of the South Sea Company - -

Annuities at/\ 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 ——

Ditto - - at A.3 per Cent, pet Ann. charged on the Duties on CoaJs, since Lady Day 1719 - - <- - -

Ditto - - at 2* 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746 -

Ditto - - at 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 250, 28® 29°, 32® # 33° Git. 2di Regis -

Ditto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the A#3i°C?i*. 2di Regis - Ditto - - at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale, by the Ad imo Git. 3tii Regis -

Ditto - at £. 3 per per//u*. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 25° Gri. 2d: Regis ——

Ditto - - atj£. 3$ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Ad 29° Gii. 2di Regis -

Ditto - - at £. 3\ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, fyc. by the Ad 31° Gii. 2di Regis - Ditto - - zt£. 4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts of the 2° Gii. §tii Regis -

Ditto - - at/*. 4 per Cent. per Ann. charged on the additional Duties on Wines #c. by the Ad 30 Gii. tertii Regis ----- 2,800,000 — — 7

Ditto - - at £. 4 per per >4;w. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the said Fund by the said Act ----- - 700,000 — — J

Ditto - at £. 4 pe7* Ce?if. per to satisfy certain Navy Bills, <5^. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Ad 30 G*7. teniiEegw ——

- 21,127,821

- 5o,ojo

- 12,000,000

-1

3.200.000 — — 500,000 — —

4,000,000 — — 1/250,000 — —

i*75p,®oo-----

986,800 — —

33.697,821 $ ij

17.7® 1,32 316 4

1.500.000 — —

4.500.000 — — 20,240,000 — —

3.500.000 — —

3.483.553

100.000 — —

15,000 — —

121,898 3

37.500 -

52.500 — —

29^04-----

1,097,588 5 8

540.996 14 —

53.-343 *5 —

160,031 5 —

820,985 — —

140.000 — —

/39.340 2 4

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9*. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 18,254. 15 s.. And the Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18 s. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 36,547. 10 s. And thcSubscribers of^.ioo for £.3 per Cent. Annuities, Armo\ 757.were allowed an Annuity for One Life of £.\. as. 6d. which amounted to £ 33*750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 32,485. 17s. 6d. And the Subscribets of £.100 for £.3per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of£.1. 2s. 6d. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £ 130,053. ins. 3rf. which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same: And the Contributors to £ 12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were intitled to an Annuity of £. 1 per Cent, per Arm. to continue for 98 Years, and then to ccafe, which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amounts to the Sum of £. 121,687. 10 j. -

339>o*9 9

SOUTH SEA COMPANY,

On their Capital Stork and Annuities, p° Gii. primi Regis *

S? Annuities at £.3 pm Cent, per Asm. Amio 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund -

9-

3 EXCHEClUF.lt,

Si, the U7th Daj of Junnury 17G4. S. JP. yulliotf.

25,oq5,309 13 nf 2,100,000 — —

1 ^9*586,789 10 i|

765.396 3 »f

04,181 5 —

4,688,177 2l —

os

t

270 Januarii.

4 Geo. III. 37° Januarh. 7<5i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie Upon the Table, be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of South-

wark and Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats rhixed with Beaver, Rabbets Fur, and other Materials whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, concerned in the said Manufacture in Great tain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act of making Mats chiefly coniposed of Beaver Wool, hath been carried to such Perfection in this Kingdom, that great Quantities of such Hats have heretofore been exported to foreign Parts; and that Beaver Skins, though greatly different in Size, Weight, and Value, are all rated at the same Duties inwards, which are Seven Pence, Three Twentieths and Five Eighths per Skin; and do all draw back Four Pence, Six Twentieths and Thirteen Sixteenths per Skin, upon Exportation: And as Two Cub Skins hardly weigh so much as One Skin which is full grown, those Cub Skins are principally bought for Exportation, and of late Years large Quantities of Beaver Skins have been exported, and considerable Sums of Money have been paid as Drawbacks thereupon; and that, owing to the French Policy in preventing the Exportation of Beaver Wood, and Beaver Skins, the Beaver Wool in France, has been principally, if not wholly, worked up into Hats; and as Labour is considerably cheaper in France than in England, this, with the Drawback upon Beaver Skins, which the French receive from hence, enables them to manufacture Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, and other Wool, much cheaper than the Subjects of Great Britain can do, and to fend large Quantities of such Hats to and Portugal,

where there are great Demands for them, and where the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, who ttfed principally to supply those Countries, afe so much undersold, as to he driven out of them and most other European Markets; ‘!.ourrh the Petitioners had conceived Hopes, that up< > the Acquisition of Canada, they should have been enabled <u regain to this Kingdom the Hat Trade to foreign Part*, they find it utterly impracticable without the Aid of Parliament: And that the Portuguese (who never uA-d to make any other than Felt, or Wool Hats) have lately ei'rabished a Manufacture for making fine Hats, which meets with great Encouragement; and that as His Map tty is become possess’ed of most if not all the Countries from whence Beaver is imported, it may now denominoted a Staple Commodity of the British Dominions; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it is renugnant to the true Interest of this Country, (whose Riches arise chiefly from the Labour of its Inhabit ms) to allow a Bounty to our Rivals in Trade, upon the Exportation of any Article that is raw, which tends to throw a valuable Branch of Manufacture into the Hands of other Countries, to the Disadvantage of His Majesty’s Revenue, to the Discon-ragement of the British Manufacturers, who Work up Beaver with the full Duty upon it, and to the very great Loss of the Nation, which otherwise would receive the Benefit arising from the Extension -of the Hat Manufacture; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if Relief were given in the Article of Beaver, in Favour of the Manufacturers of Great Britain, it would enable them to regain the tine Hat Trade, and to export Beaver Woul worked into Hats, to Spain, Portugal, Italy, and to other foreign Parts, with the Labour of great Numbers of Workmen charged upon it, who are now wholly out of Employ, and destitute of the Means of supporting themselves and Families; and who, the Petitioners have great reason t o apprehend, unless relieved, will be under the Necessity of seeking . Employment in foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant

Vol. 29.

such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserve, and as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, redding in and about London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen of the same Trade, Was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are many Thousands of Journeymen living in the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, who have served regular Apprenticeflnps, to the said Trade, and who depend wholly thereupon for the Support of themselves and their Families: and alleging, that upwards of 1,600 Journeymen of the same Trade are now wholly out of Employ, and many more are daily expeCling to bedif-tnified from the Service of their Matters, owing, as the Petitioners are well allured, to the general Debay of the Trade of all the Master Hatmakers in and

that many of the Journeymen of the said Trade, have lately been induced to quit this Kingdom with their Families, arid more are preparing to follow them, in order to gaiii a Livelihood in those Countries where they can find Employment; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that this Decay of their Trade arises from the large Quantities of Hats which the French feiid to those foreign Nations, which used to be chiefly suppl ied with Hats by the English Hatmakers, who, by the Dearness of the Materials, are hot able to fell their Hats at such low Rates as the French Hats are now sold at; and that the greatest Part of the Petitioners and their Families must be ruined, if the said Trade should continue to decay as it has lately done: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners as is most suitable to their Cafe.

A Petition of several Persons resident in the Town cAManchester, in the County of and in Parts

adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are underwritten, oil behalf of themselves and others, concerned in the same Manufacture in Great Britain, was also presented to the House and read; Containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the Petition from London, Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent; And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant stich Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserve, and as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And they are to examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fai t contained in the said Petitions:

And they are referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Bice, Lord Strange, Mt. Jenyns, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bacon, I.ord Carysfort, Mr. Martin, Lord Onvell, Mr. Hume, General Townshend, Mr. Townshend, Lord ton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mr. Nugent,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Stanley, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.. Jackson, Mr. Dyson, Mr Mr. Mr.

Hertey, Colonel Incin, Mr. Blackstone, Lord , Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ward, Mr- Mr.,

Mr. Fuller, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Mi1. Prefect, Mf. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Chauncey Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Harry Mr. Ri/der, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Alderman Dicki Doe:or Hay, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Cujl, Mr. ShMr. Mr.

Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Whately, Sir Robert Ladbroite, Mr. Whiclicot, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Onjlozo, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Torke, Sir James Loot her, Mr. Grant, Lord Broionlow Bertie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. ,*

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s.

Accounts i Beaver Skint,

Cltndeftino

Marriages.

Privilege.

Expenditure of the Public Money.

7 62

47* Jamarii.

A. 1764.

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records: And all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That their be laid before this House an Account of the Quantity of Beaver Skins imported into and exported from England from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; together with the Amount of the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon.

Ordered, That -there ,be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Beaver Wool exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year, and from what Ports, and to what Places.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year, and from what Ports, and to what Places.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon the 9th Day of

February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ] ip.

Tellers for.heNoes, . } So.

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

The House being informed, that Submi(lion had been made, and Satisfaction given, to the Right honour-nourable Sir John Philipps, Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 14th Day of December last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and FJeftons be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House within the present or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the Public Money, fmee the Commencement of the late War.

Ordered, That the Number of the said Committee be Twenty-one.

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of March last, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from the Committee appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Twenty-one Persons upon whom the Majority fell, to be the Committee to take into Consideration the several Estimates and Accounts presented to the House in the last, or any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Expenditure of the Public Money, fmee the Commencement of the late War, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Twenty-one Persons be the Committee now appointed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

John

91.

Tdta.*.*^*} *.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Committee; or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in

the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to report their Observations upon the said Estimates and Accounts, from Time to Time, to the House; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Estimates and Accounts presented to this House in the present, or in any former Session of Parliament, which relate to the Application or Expenditure of the Public Money, since the Commencement of the late War, be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Holders of the Navy and Victualling Bills, not subscribed into Four per Cent. Annuities, agreeable to the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Navy, Victualling, and Trausport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 17G2, and have not been converted into Annuities after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as itstood on 31st December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British Museum, and the Expenditure thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for executing Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. and of all Contrafts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 21st Day of December 1762, to the 30th Day of November 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Account of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster,&c. to the 30th of November

1763, inclusive; together with a Copy of the Account of the Bank of England, with the said Commissioners, to the same Time} and of the Receiver to the said Commissioners on the Quarter’s Rental, due 5th July 1763; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refactions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon -

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

Win

and

Mtant

EiUt.

Supply.

Ifor If

tut

Pole

fatal

lie,

fad;

C

4 Geo. III.

27*- — 28° Januarii.

76$

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

b'.

rzeern Id's Estates.

i,-;*

CLj

iL:

Lr

t

t

i 1*5

«!; 1*

di-

Sabbati, 2 8® "Januarii:

Anno 4* Georgii III*'* Regis, 1764. Prayers.

A/I’ll. Morton presented to the House, according to . 1V1 Order, a Bill for divelling out of the Crown, and to veil in Gerald Fitzgerald of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in Ireland: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lrylebone A Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners 'aruchial of House?, Ground and Lands lying within the Parish Police, of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them* selves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Pari lb, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act passed in the 29th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor within the said Parish; and alleging, that since the passing of the said Act, the said Parish is become very populous, so that the Provisions in the said Act are found incite filial for the Purposes thereby intended} and that it would be an Advantage to the said Parish, if the Poors Rates, and the other Rates in the said Act mentioned, were con solidated, andal’electVeftiy efta-1>I idled for the better ordering and regulating the said Parish: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend the said Act; and give the Petitioners such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to then), to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. Stanley, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Plummer, Sir Bayntun , Mr. Townshend, General Townshend, Mr. Herbert, Sir Charles Kemys Tynfc, Mr. , Mr. Ver-

non, Mr. Bunbury, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Watson, Mr. Burton, \lr. Wrighte, Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr. Morton, Sir Smith, Mr. Hervey, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Bacon, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Boone, General A’Court, Mr. Finch, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Newton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burrell, General Whitmore, Mr.

Lord Galwai/, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Orwell, Mr. Chet-tvynd. Lord Barrington, Mr. Cur zon, Sir William Codring-tort, Mr. Dowde/icell, Sir James Dashiooood, Mr.

nor. Colonel I noin, Mr. Lawrence, Lord Mr. WiIkinson, Lord XorthMr. Upton, Lord Parker,

Mr. Glanville;and all the Members who serve for the

Count ies of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Bucks, Berks, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

»ert>r.»kc,

&c.

Roads.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament madie in the 26th Year of the Reign VOL. 29.

bf his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual, Thi;ee Acts of Parliament, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Third and 2 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Repairing the Road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby through the Town of,

in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster-, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from the School House in Didsbury to the Bridge in Wilmjlmo, in the said County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River Mersey-, and also of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, living near the said Roads; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Tolls collected on the said Roads, together with several Sums of Money, to the Amount of Three thousand Two hundred Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing the said several Roads, and the same are greatly improved; but the Road from Whaley Bridge to a Place called Sparrow Pit Gate, upon the said Turnpike Road, in the said County of Derby, (being Four computed Miles, or upwards) is so very mountainous, steep, and difficult to pass in many Parts of it, that the same is greatly incommodious and dangerous to Travellers; and that, by diverting and turning the said Road from Whaley Bridge, over Hotridge Common, and from thence through some inclosed Lands lying at or near Chapel Tunfead, to Chq-pel in the Frith aforesaid, and from thence through certain Parts of the inclosed Lands lying betwixt Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, and the present Turnpike Road at Sparrow Pit Gale aforesaid, would be of great Convenience, not only to the adjacent Parts of the said Counties of Derby and Chester, but to all Passengers in general, and an Advantage to Trade and Commerce; and that the present Tolls at the several Turnpikes at Whaley and Midway, by reason of the large Debt owing bn the Credit thereof, and the great Extent of Road to be repaired thereby, are not sufficient of themselves so defray the Charge and Expence of making the said new intended Road; but the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Bar be erected across the fame, and One or more Side Bar, or Side Bars thereto, and a small Toll granted at such Bar, or Bars, with such Exemptions as may be thought reasonable, such new Road will soon be completed, and the Charge and Expence thereof, with the Aid and Assistance of such Tolls, in a few Years, be reimbursed, when the same Bars are intended to bg thrown down, and discontinued; and that the Road from Whaley Bridge, in the County of Chester, to the Extent of One computed Mile, or upwards, toward* the Wellerly End of a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called the Longside Common, upon the same Turnpike Road, by reason of the quick Rife and Af-ceut of the same is very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers, as well on Horseback as with Carriages; and that, to divert or turn that Road over and through the adjoining Lands, would be of great Convenience to the adjacent Parts, and to all Travellers, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Amending the said last mentioned Act, in the several Instances before mentioned; and for erecting a Bar across the new intended Road from Whaley Bridge to Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, with One or more Side Bar, or Side Bars, to the fame; and for diverting the Road from Whaley Bridge, over and through the adjacent Lands, to the Westerly End of Longside Common aforesaid, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,*as it shall appear to them, to the House.

9 H And

Saffron

Walden

Exchange.

764 28 Januarii. 1764.

And it is referred to Mr. Legh, Mr. Shuttlacorlh, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynq/lon, Mr. Wh Mr. Fonereau, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burton, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Sir

Simeon Stuart, Mr. Hervey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, \.or&Strange, Mr. Harvey, We.Gray,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tuff-nell, Lord Orwell, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Buller, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Montagu, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Dawkins, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Wood, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Philipps-, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and York: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John Griffin Griffin, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, the Mayor anti Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, Trustees of the Lands, Revenues, and Pof-

sessions of the Alms-house in Saffron Walden aforesaid, commonly called. King Edward the Sixth Alms-house; and of the Feoffees of the same Alms-house; and also of Thomas Fuller, an Infant of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, by Edward Davy and Thomas Wolfe, the Teliamentary Guardiansof his Estates during his Minority; was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Sir John Griffin Griffin, the Owner and Possessor of the Mansion and Park called Audley End, in the said County, is wiliing and desirous to enlarge the said Park, by inclosing therein Lands lying contiguous and adjoining thereto, in the said Parish of Saffron IPalden; and that Part of the Lands desired to be made the property of the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, for the Purposes aforesaid, do belong to, and are Part of the I^ands, Revenues, and Possessions of the said Alms-hovife; and that other Parts thereof do belong to the said Infant, in Fee Simple; and that the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, is willing and desirous, at his own Charge and Expence, to convey other Lands to the Mayor,-Aldermen, and Trullees of the said Alms-house, to be held by them, upon the like Trulls, and to the same Uses, the Lands belonging to the said Alms-house are now settled, as convenient to the said Alms-house, and of greater annual V alue; and also to convey unto the said Infant, and his Heirs, for ever, other Lands, as convenient, to he held by him, and his Heirs, and of greater annual Value; and that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Trustees aforesaid, are willing to convey and allure unto the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, such Part of the Lands of the said Alms-house as the said Sir John Griffin Griffin doth desire to hold, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden aforesaid, and other the Feoffees of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions of the said Alms-house, and the said Thomas Fuller the Infant, to assure and convey certain Lands and Tenements belonging to them respectively, to the said Sir John Griffin and

his Heirs, in Exchange for other convenient Lands, of superior Value, to be settled and assured by him the said Sir John Griffin Griffin unto, or in Trull for, or to the U fe of, the said Charity, and the said Infant, respectively; the Petitioners, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Trustees aforesaid, as far as they may, consenting thereto; and the Petitioner the said Infant, by his said Guardians, fub-mitting his Interest in the Premises to the Care and Judgment of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jennings and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen,

Gentlemen, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whole Wj, Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that by an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein, the Petitioners were impowered to make Rates for those Purposes, as in the said Act is mentioned; and alleging, that since the passing of the said Act, it hath been made appear to the said Mayor and Aldermen, that the Rates and Assessments which they were thereby impowered to

order to be made and collected, are so limited and re-lirained by the said Act, that they will not raise near fa much Money as would be necessarily be required for the Purposes thereby intended; and therefore the said Act hath not yet been carried into Execution; by reason whereof the Petitioners, and other the Inhabitants of f

the said Town, are exposed to great Annoyances and B

Inconveniencies: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and Applying the Deficiency of the said Act; and making such further Alterations therein, with regard to the Power and Authorities thereby given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- v:.: mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it so

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Burrell, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Burton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Ser-jeant Hewitt, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Wood, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Dyson, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

General Toxonjhend, Mr. Hezvet/, S\r Armine

Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harvey, Lord Orwell, Mu Rider,

Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Rufhout, Sir Mr.

Penton, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Hervey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. GrMr. Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. Pill,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sir

Simeon Stuart, Mr. Calvert, General Honeywovd, Mr. j

Luther, Lord North, Sir Anthony Abdy, General

Sir George Yonge, Lord Grey, Sir John Griffin, L

Lord Ca/herlough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are UnW, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and Sum others the Inhabitants of London residing near the Gaol of Newgate, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Gaol of Newgate is the common Gaol for the City of London, and the County of Middlesex-, that, for several Years last pall, there have been, communibu*Annis, near a Thou fond Persons committed to the said Gaol annually. Two Thirds of whom have been Middlesex Prisoners; and that the said Gaol is a very ill constructed Building, closeand incommodious, and, in its present State, unfit for the Reception of the Prisoners committed thither; and that a great Number of Prisoners have been usually crowded into the said Gaol at the Opening of the several Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, held at Hall in the Old Bailey; and that the Petitioners aread-vised, that it may be in great measure attributed to those Causes, that the Prisoners in the fair! Gaol have been frequently visited with a malignant Disease, called the Gaol Distemper, by which many Lives have been loft in the said Gaol; and the said Sessions House being

contiguous

4 Geo. III. 28° Januariu 765

contiguous to the said Gaol, the Health of all Persons ingsof the Bank on the Residue of the said Ground; resorting thereto mutt be endangered; and that the Pe- and that, toan fwer the Purposes aforesaid, the Petitioners titioners, and the several other Persons, who reside near have already purchased some of the said Houses, and the said Gaol, are greatly annoyed by the noxious have contracted for others, and are in Treaty for feve-Effluvia from the said Gaol, and that the same is be- ral others; but find the Difficulties they have to en-come a moil dangerous Xuifnnce: And therefore pray- counter with are such, that their public Views cannot be ing the House to take the Premises into their Confide- carried into Execution w ithout Assistance of Parlia-ration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, ment, though the Petitioners are desirous of making as to the Mouse ffiail foem meet. reasonable Satisfaction to all Parties interested therein:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. And therefore praying the House to take the Premises

into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Tiunkett’t Ordered, That Mr Shiftier be added to the Gentle- Relief as to the House ffiail seem meet.

Elutes* men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, Ordered, 'lhat the said Petition be referred to the pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of James Phut- Consideration of a Committee: and that they do ex* kett, Esquire, eldest Son and Heir of Arthur Plunkett, amine the Matter thereof, and report the fame; as it Esquire, deceased; and of Arthur Knox, Esquire, eldest ffiail appear to them, to the House:

Son and Heir of Arthur Knox, Esquire, deceased. And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Ycte? Mr. Alderman Ilarley, presented to the House, ac- Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Naox. cording to Order, a Bill to enable Richard Symons, an Mr. Jennings, Lord Mr. Harbord, Mr. Cal-

Infant, lately called Richard Peers, and the Heirs of vert, Mr. Pryce, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Prefcot, Mr.

his Body, to take and use the Surname of Symons, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Orwell, Mr.

pursuant to the Will of Richard Symons, Esquire, de- Alderman Jfarley, Lord Mr.

ceased: And the same was received; and read the First Sir George Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Time. Bacon, General A'Court, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Bertie, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Lord Midleton,

Mr. ' Colonel Hotham, Mr. Sandys, Sir

Whittington A Petition of William Lloyd, Clerk, Lord of the Cave, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Iucmiurc. Manor of Whittington, William Roberts, Rector, and Walpole, Sir Robert I-ong, Mr Mr.

several other Freeholders, was presented to the House, Mp* Webb, Mr. Wood, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Gray, Mr.

anrld read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor Grey, General Townshend-, and all the Members who serve

there are several Commons, or Wastes, of considera- for die City of London; and all the Merchants of the

ble Extent, which are of little Advantage to the Peti- House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

tioners; and alleging, that if the same were inclosed of die Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have and allotted, great Advantage would arise to the Peti- Rower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, tioners, and also to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill to in- A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying dole and divide the said Commons, as to the House into Execution an Act passed in the Second Year of the ffiail seem meet. Reign of 11 is present Majesty, for repairing and widening

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the Road from Mullen’s Pond in the County of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and near Willoughby Hedge-, and from West

bring in, the fame. Amesbury to AnJ/low Hill; and from to

Fiddlcton; and from the New in Amesbury to the Bank A Petition of the Governor and Company of the End of the Parish leading to Durrington and from of Bank of England, was presented to the House, and Wily to and and from Beacon

England. read. Setting forth. That the Petitioners, several Years to the Nag's Head-, and from thence. One Mile

ago, erected their public Edifice in Threadneedle Street, of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of since which. Trade and Credit, together with the par- Wilts; and of several Gentlemen, and others, of the liamentary Funds, transferrable at the Bank, are so Counties of Wilts, and whose

greatly increased, that the present Buildings are too Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the confuted for the proper Dispatch of public Business, House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and to admit of sufficient Air for the Health of the the said Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution Number of Clerks and Officers necessarily employed of the said Act; and find the said Roads cannot be therein, and of Persons attending the re; and that fe- effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, veral Houses, (moll of which are public Houses) are and the Money now' owing upon the Credit of the too contiguous to the Bank, and the Avenues leading said Act be repaid, unless the Term granted by the thereto, are too narrow, inso much that, in same of Fire, said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof are the Petitioners Buildings, Papers, and Property, may enlarged; and that the Roads leading from Mullen’s be in Danger of being destroyed, to the irretrievable Pond, through Trillion, and Twenty Yards beyond a Loss of the Public, and the Avenues are at all Times, BJackfinith’s Shop in the said Road, leading to Wey-incommodious for the Concourse of Persons resorting to hill; and from the said Blacksmith’s Shop, through the Bauk; which Inconveniencies might in a great mea- Sliipton to Beacon Hill; and from Mullen's Pond afore-sure, be removed, if the Petitioners w'erc enabled to said, through the Parishes of East Ampurt,

open a Way for Carriages, from Cornhillto the Bank; and to the Turnpike Road leading

and likewise enabled topurcliafe the Ground, Houses, from Andover to Mullen's Pond; and also the Roads and Buildings, on the North Side of Threadneedle Street, leading from Beacon II through West Cholderion, and from the Bank Eallward, quite through to Bartholomew over the Downs and Open Fields, to Stockbridge, and Lane-, and also, the Ground, Houses, and Buildings, from West Cholderion aforesaid, over the Downs and Open on the West Side of Bartholomew Lane, from the South Fields to Kilcomb Bridge, in the Parish of Fullerton-, End of the said Lane, Northwards, to the House in the and also the Road leading from the Town of Amesbury, Possession of Mr. Holden, for the Purposes of laying lo through Great Durnford, to the further End of much of the said Ground into the public Highway in Durnford towards Salisbury-, and also the Road lead-Threadnecdle Street, as will range in a Line from the ing from the Turnpike Road at or near Alton Farm, Bank to the South West Angle of Saint Bartholomew's through the Water, to the further End of the Parish of Church, and for the Purpose of enlarging the Build- Feightedon, towards Wcyhill-, and also the Road leading Vol. 29. from

Mullen's

Pond

Road.

i:

7 66

2&a Januarii.

A. 1764,

(from the Turnpike Road at through *the

Water, to a House called Choljion Far»i; and also the Roads leading from Wily, through Hanging Langford, to Steeple Langford Mill; and from Hanging Langford aforesaid, through Little Langford and Wijhford, and through the Water to the Turnpike Road leading from Fisherton to; and from

Wifhfurd aforesaid to a Place callea Way, in

the Parish of South Newtonand through the Water to the said Turnpike Road leading from Fisherton to Heytsbury, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, at or near Madding ton, to a Place called Sack Hill, in the Parish of where the

Warminster Turnpike Road ends; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Codford, to Cor-ton White Sheet, where another Branch of the War-mincer Turnpike Road ends; and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at the End of the

within the Limits of the County of the said Town; and from the said Turnpike Road to Acorn Bridge, within the Liberty of the said Town; are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be amended by the Ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear lo them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Stuart, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sforth. Lord Orwell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Duke, Mr. Serjeant Sir

M I — ¥

Parish of Ame/bury leading to Durrington, to the Turn- , Mr. , Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu,

pike Road leading from Durrington to Alton Farm; and also the Ronds, leading from the Turnpike Road

at bast Knoyle Down Farm, through Monckton Deverill,

and Kingston Deverill, to White Pitt Houses; and from

thence, through Maiden Bradley, leaving the Church on the Left Hand, to Peiry Farm; and from thence to Reynold’s Grave, Eastward; and from Perry Farm aforesaid, through Maiden Bradley, Wellward, to a House near the Pound, in the Occupation of John

Dowell Butcher; and from thence, through Yarnfield,

and from Kingston Deverill aforesaid, to the Wincan-

ton Turnpike Road in Long Lane, leaving Rodtnead Farm, and the Meads on the Left Hand; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Passengersj and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods pro- Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. StauntonColonel Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Townjheni,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord George,

Mr. Penton, Sir George Yovge, Mr. Sir

Palmer, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mr. Wood,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. WauchMr. Legit; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of

Stanbridp

Lane,

&c.

Road.

vided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it and James Cooper, severally said. That the Roads

shall appear to them, to the House: . mentioned in the Petition are in many Places narrow,

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Shiftier, and incommodious to Passengers, and in a ruinous Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Serjeant Ileivitt, General Town- Condition, and unsafe for Travellers; and that the field, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Burton, Lord George same cannot lie cfl'ectually repaired, widened, and kept Sackville, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Mellish ,in Repair, unless some further Provisions are made by Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tuffnel, Sir’ John Philipps, Parliament for those Purposes.

Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Burrell, Sir Ro- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill bert Ladbtvke, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir William Meredith, for repairing and widening the Roads front the End

Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Harbord, of Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Isgh, Mr. Rigby, Lord fy, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop; and from Orwell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hervey, Mr. the Turnpike Road between Slanbridge Lane aforesaid;

Long, Mr. Jennings, Lord Brown fowBertie, Mr. Pres- and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road

cot, Lord M idle ton, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Gray, and from the Garden of Henry at to

Mr. Wood, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Gore, Sir Walter the Garden Wall of Denys llolle, Esquire, at Fuji

Blackett, Mr. Luttrell; and all the Members who; in the County of Southampton: And that Sir Simeon serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Somer- Stuart and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the jet, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall-, And they are to lame.

Ar

El:

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perform, Papers, and Records.

Mattingley

Road.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Coalhara thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and all other industrions Coallleavers, employed in the un-A Petition of several of tire Gentlemen, Clergy, loading Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of South- Thames, was presented to the l louse, and read; Setting ampton, and of the Town of Southampton, and County forth, That in pursuance of an Act made in the 3 ill of the same Town, was presented to the House, and Year of his late Majesty, for Relief of Coalbeavers read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Ham- working on the River Thames, and for enabling them pidge Corner, at the Welt End of Mattingley, other- to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be wife Matter ley Lane, in the Parish of Avington, in the Sick, Lame, or pall their Labour, and for their £aid County, over the Down, and the Warren called Widows and Orphans; an Office was erected, and there* LongtoooodWarren, and through the Parishes of Morfied, in about Fifty Gaugs were regularly formed and re* Twyford, SwtkStonckam, an<±NorlhStoneham, int\\etd\([ giitcred, in Manner directed by the said Act; which County, to a Part of the Turnpike Road leading Regulation, had it been continued, the Petitioners ap-from the City of Winchesterto Southampton, lying prehend would not only have proved of great Benefit

M to

Lo

a

Pi

Plunkett’s

Estates.

London

and

Claverine

Poor.

4 GEO. III. 18 0 Januarii.7 7

to the Coal Trade, but also to the Petitioners and in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the their numerous Families, and at the same Time have Clerk’s Table: Where the same vrasread; and is as been no less beneficial to the Mailers, Owners, and followeth; viz.

others, concerned in the unloading Coal Ships and Vef- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. fels, who thereby might be sure at all Times of pro- Henry Negus being examined said. That the Poor are curing from the said Office proper Gangs to supply considerably increased, and the Rates collected for their their Occasions, in same the said Act had compelled all Maintenance are much higher than formerly; that the the Coal heavers to register their Names in the said appointing a proper Place for their Reception, and In-Office, and such Mailers, Owners, and others, con- corporating Persons.withcertainQualifications.tobe the cerned in the unloading Coal Ships and Vessels, had Governors thereof, with proper Powers, would greatly not been left at Liberty to hire Gangs in other Places; contribute to the Relief of the Inhabitants of the said amPallegin *, that l’oou after establishing the said Office, Hundreds.

and a fiiilkient Number of Gangs having entered their Or dered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Names and Places of abode therein, for the Purposes the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the aforei'aid, the unloading Coal Ships and Vessels was for Hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the County of fume Time reguhrly carried on, to the mutual Advan- Norfolk: And that General 7 'oion/hend. Sir A rmineWode-tage of the Public, and the Petitioners; and would house, Mr. Harbord, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, have so continued, had not Combinations been formed and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and bring in, tkefame. by certain Persons, calling themselves Coal Undertakers,

who, for their own private Advantage, uff-d various Ar- Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to titiees in decoying the different Gangs from the said whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, trce6*‘ Office; and to carry on their Schemes more elFeftually, Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants to the great Detriment of the Public and the Peti- residing in that Part of the Pafiffi of Portsea, in the tioners, agreed among themselves to give the Pie- County of Southampton, commonly called ference of Work to none but such Gangs, as would pro- Common, was referred, That the Committee had ex-mise to have nothing to do with the said Office, and amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direct-consequently pay no Poundage for the Uses above men- ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the tioned, by which Means the good Intent of the said House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Act is, in a great measure, frustrated; and that the Peti- wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tioners apprehend, that the said Act, as it now stands, same was read; and is as followeth; viz. is insufficient to answer the well-intended Designs there- In Support of th.e Allegations of the said Petition, of, and that great Inconveniences refusing to the Pub- Mr. William John Missing, Esquire, and Mr.

lie, as well as to the Petitioners, and their numerous 11 illiat being severally examined, said. Families, from the present Irregularities in unloading That they are well acquainted with that Part of the of Coal Ships and Vessels, and the Schemes aforesaid, Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, called might be easily remedied, if the said Act was explained Portsm Common-, that the Pavements of the Streets

and amended; And therefore praying. That Leave may and Lanes therein are, in many Places, ruinous and bad, be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and and in many Parts deep and founderous.; that there render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner are many Nuisances and Incroachments in the said and under such Regulations as shall he deemed moll Streets and Lanes, which might be prevented, and the conducive to the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Peti- Streets and Lanes properly paved, and kept in Repair, tioners may have such other Relief therein, as to the for the Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof, if House shall seem meet. proper Powers were given by Parliament for those

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Purposes.

Table. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for Mr. Shiff'ucrpresented to the House, according to preventing Nuisances, and other Annoyances, in that

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time given to Trustees, Part of the Parisho in the County of Soiithamp-

therein named, to execute certain Trul'ts vested in them ton, commonly called Common: And that

in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Sir Simeon Stuart and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An bring in, the fame.

Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands

in Ireland, the Ellate o f Arthur Plunkett, Esquire, in Sir presented to the House, according BiUefdon

Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protestant Pur- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open iDclosure. chafers; and also by another Act of Parliament, made Fields and Commonable Places of and in in

in the 33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the County of Leicester: And the same was received; intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees, and read the First Time.

therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, in and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the said

16th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty: And the A Petition of 'and Thomas Woltum, Wigan

fame was received; and read the First Time. both of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, was pre* Waterworks.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the

Borough and Town of Wigan aforesaid being situated General Torvnshend reported from the Committee, to upon Coal Mines, the Inhabitants thereof always have whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and been, and are in great Want of good Spring Water principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, for the supply of their Families; and that in a certain Houses, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of common and public Highway, called Wigan Lane,

Tylhes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hun- within that Township, though at some pittance from dreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the County of Nor- the inhabited Part of it, several Springs of good fresh folk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Water rife, which are capable of beingcarried, in Pipes, of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and to every House within the said Town, and, . as the Peti-contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor tioners apprehend, fufticj?nt to supply the Inhabitants within the said Hundreds, was. referred. That the thereof at all Times, not only for -the Use of their Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Families, but for other public and necefla^y Pur-tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it poses, and more especially in same of Fires, where-appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report by the said Inhabitants in Times past have been great Vol. 29. 9 I Sufferers

j68 28° JanuariuA. 1764.

Sufferers for Want of Water; and that the Petitioners having obtained the Consent of Sir Orlando Bridgman Baronet, Patron of the Rectory of Wigan aforesaid* to which the Manor is annexed, and of the present. Rector, and the general Consent of the other Inhabitants of the said Town, are willing to undertake, at their own proper Charges, to convey the Water from the said Springs, in Pipes, to the Du elling Honfcs, and for the Cfo of such of the Inhabitants thereof within the said Town, as shall think fit to receive the same, upon reasonable Terms , and to allow, that when any accidental F ires shall happen in the said Town, the necessary Water may be taken for extingitishing the fame, without any Payment or Consideration to the Petitioners on such Occasions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable and authorize the Petitioners, and their I Ieirs, to undertake, carry on, and finish the Works for supplying the said Town with Water from the said Springs, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. hut! veil, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Bretaliate Bertie, Mr. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Right/, General Mr.

Pye, Mr. Rood, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Lord Orwell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr.

ris, Sir Robert hong, Mr. Sand Lord George Sack-vitie, Mr. Taw n/hend.Colonel Irwin, Mr. Sir

John Turner, Mr. Mackay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Ilartn/, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hen ry, Sir George Scivile, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gray, Mr. hong, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Wilkinson;And all the Members who serve

for the Counties of hancaster, Chester, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmoreland: And they am to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the honourable and Moll Reverend Father in God, Robert Lord Archbishop of York, and the humble Petition of the Recorder of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Queen Elizabeth, by Letters Patent under the great Seal, dated the Second of July, in the 2ill Year of her Reign, gave and granted to the Mayor, Governors, and Burgesses of Be verity, and their Successors, certain Chauntries, lands, Tenements, and Rents, for the Maintenance and Reparation of the Fabrick of the Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, for ever; And that Sir diciel Wharton, Knight, deceased, by his Will dated the 23d Day of May 1724, gave £.4,000 to be a perpetual Fuud to keep in good Repair the said Church or Minder, to be under the Direction of the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, and the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley, for the Time being; and that the said Donations are more than sufficient for keeping in Repair the said Church or Mintler: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Surplus, from Time to Time arising therefrom, in such Manner as to the House, upon the bringing in of the said Bill, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ' Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Lloyd, and General Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

g'mgfton A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermeti, and Burgesses upon Hull of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, and of to several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, and others,

gold? respectively redding in or near the great public Roads

leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through the Town of Beverley Rforei'aul, to the City of York, and from King/Ion upon Hull aforesaid, to the Town of Cottingham, in the County of York, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the 17th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act was made for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the Fall Riding of the Count v of and

that the Truliees appointed by the lam- Act borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which were duly laid otis in the repairing the said Road, and Part of which hath lieeu since paid olT, so that now', the w hole Debt due on the Credit of the Foils is £.2,400; and that the Tolis granted by the said Act are much more than fudicicut to defray the annual Payments and Lx peaces necessary on Account of the said Road, ib that alter discharging the Expences of keeping the said Road in fudicient Repair, and paying the filtered of the Money io dtieas aforesaid, and the Salaries of Officers, there is an animal Surplus arising from the said TolN of £. 170 Annum, and upwards; and that the Road leading (mm BeVerky aforesaid, through Market Weigh ton, t o t lie City of York, is become very ruinous, and, in many Parts thereof, so deep and founderous, that if is almost im-palfable; and also that the Highway leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, to the Town of Cottingham, in the County of being about Four Miles in Length, is a Road much fr«jueuted by Travellers, and Part thereof, to wit, from the Bntlge on the Turnpike Road in the Town of A to the said Town of Cottingham, being about Two Miles, is become very deep, and hazardous for Wheel Carriages, and lying low, is liable frequently to he overflown m rainy Seasons; and that the said several public Highways cannot be put into good and effectual Repair by the Means authorized by the general 1-aws now in Force for repairing the Highways; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Abt for repairing the said Road from Kingston upon Hull to albre-

said was continued, and a reasonable Proporti.-u of the Surplus of the Tolls now' collected upon the said Road leading from Kingston tt/urn to Barer la; aforesaid, by Virtue of the said Act, was to be applied towards repairing llie Highway leading from to

and Turnpike Gates were to be ere&etl upon the said Road from Beverley to York, at proper Distances, for collecting moderateTolls thereon, the same Road might be effectually repaired at an easy Expence to the Public; and that the Petitioners also apprehend, that if % reasonable Proportion of the said Tolls, now collected upon the said Road leading from Kingston upon Hull to Beverley, so as the same do not exceed £.40 a Year, was to he applied tow'ards pay ing the interest of such Sum or Sums of Money as should be necessary to be borrow'ed for repairing that Part of the Highway leading from the said Bridge in the Town of to the said Town of Cottingham, the same might be efiertually repaired, and hereafter kept in good Repair, at the Expence of the Public; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the public Highw'ay from the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, through Market Weighton, to the City of York; and that the said Act for repairing the Highway between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley aforesaid, may be continued, and the Tolls therein mentioned may be paid for such further Term as the House shall think fit; and that such Proportion of the Surplus of the Tolls to be collected upon the same Road, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable, may be from Time to Time applied towards repairing the said Road from Beverley aforesaid to the City of York, and also towards repairing that Part of the said Road leading from Newland Bridge aforesaid,

to

4 Geo. III. 28* — 3i% Januarii. 769

to the said Town of Cottingfiam, so as such Proportion for the said Road do not exceed the yearly Sum of £ 4o.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 1 Confide ration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, named in or appointed by Virtue of an Act passed in the 1.7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between t he Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred-: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

3»«nlmgay A Petition of the honourable George Lane Parker, *' was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Part of the High Road leading from the Village of Warejley, in the County of Huntingdon, towards the Village of Sandy, in the County of Bedford, called Woodbury Lane, lying in the Parish of the County of Cambridge, has, at a very considerable Expence, been amended by the Petitioner, and is now in 1 good Repair; and that the Petitioner is intitled to

by Prescription, and does receive, a certain Toll in Woodbury I wine aforesaid, for the Portage of all Neat . Cattle along the said Road and t hat a Road of about Three Quarters of a Mile in Length is claimed, and is occasionally used over several {mail Incloi’ures, belonging to the Petitioner, which Road runs parallel with the High Road before mentioned, at the Distance of 220 Yards or thereabouts-, and is, as the Petitioner apprehends, of little or no Benefit to any Person what loever, but inconvenient in many Respects to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner is willing and deiirous to give r. up his Right to the Toll which he now receives upon

the said High Road, for the Benefit of the Public, upon Condition, that the Road now used over his inclosed Grounds, shall be shut up, and discontinued, for the future: Therefore praying the House to take the k Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioner

such Relief as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Kynafo Mr. Harbord, Lord Parker, Mr. Fuller, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Rigby,

1 Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Tnff-

veil, Mr. Whately, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grey, Mr. thick, Mr. Luther, Mr. Heioett, Sir Walter Blacket, M r. Harris, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Buller, Lord Brownlow

Bertie, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, l' Sir Charles Kemys 7j/»/e, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Thomas Pal-

mer, Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Sir daunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Bedford, Essex, Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hat A Petition of several Persons resident in the Town of inofacture. Liverpool, in the County of , and in Parts

c"' adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver

i Hats, and Hats mixed with Coney Wool, Goats’

Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain,

: was presented to the House, and read} describing to

jthe House the present declining State of the Trade of making Hats in this Kingdom, and the Reasons there-; of; and Rating several Advantages which, the Peti-

tioners apprehend, would arise to the said Trade, if the , > Drawbacks, now allowed upon the Exportation of Bea-

Vol. 29.

ver Skins, were taken off; arid if a Duty was laid upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and of Beaver Wool:

And praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to grant such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserve, and as to the house shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parti adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats; and also tile Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, residing in and about Lonand also the Petition of several Persons resident in the Towd of MatwheJler, in the County of Lancaster-, are severally referred: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

An ingrorted Bill for naturalizing William Dingman, Dingman’j, was read the Third 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf»: And that the Title "3ti be, An Act for naturalizing William , and

John Reincke.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider of the Petition of John rett and Robert Edmonston, the surviving Executors of

James Delanne, late of the Parish of Saint James, West-miiifter, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, de-. ceased.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker'resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move the House,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vetting Tw<J Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Preuiiffes,

late the Estate of Jamas Delanne, deceased, in John Fer-

rett and Robert Edmoiifton, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delanne.

And Sir Robert Long moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vetting Two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premisses, late the Estate of James Delanne, deceased, in John Fcrrett and Robert Edmonston, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposer, as directed by the Will of the f.iid James Delanne: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. James Harris, Colonel , and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tue/tias/

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 31° dieJanuarii\

Anno 4* Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

MR. Whichcot presented to the House, according Houghton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indoiurc. several Open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marsh, otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

77°

3i° Januarii.

A. 1764.

Sen r by luclofuie.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broionlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Ryder, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Bur deft, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Mr. DouglaJ's', Mr. Rnjhout, Mr. Clive, Mr. t Morton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

I Fa lent, Mr, Blackstone, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Hewett, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Shi filler. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Edmund //ham, Mr. Upton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

patting- the said Act, being decently cloathed and well fed. '

That within this Period the Poor have earned the Sum of jT. 735 10 s. 11 id. being employed in the Ma-nufa6ture of Hempen Cloth, and Twine Spinning.

That the said Afit has been of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Hundreds, but is in some Respects defective.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present.

Ordered, That I^eave be giveu to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Bofmere and Clayddn, in the County of Suffolk: And that the Lord Orwell, Mr. Lloyd, and

Ward, Mr. Dowdejioeil, Mr. Lloyd*, and all the Mem- Mr. Staunton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

W orkfop to

Attercliffe

Road,

bers who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Nottingham: And they ar.e to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. lleicett prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anjion, Aston, Handsworth> and Darnajly to the North East End of Atterclffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Baw try to Sheffield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bofmere

and.

CJavcion

Poor

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed intho 49th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Car(ford, in the Count y of Suffolk:And that the Lord Orivell, Mr. Staunton, Arid Mr. Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of in tk Hot I Stainton in the Hole, in the County of was hdofoit

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Coventry, Mr

rr

R

Ri

Stointci

The Lord Orwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and prin- Col. Fitzroy, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Mr.

cipal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Waller, Mr. Butler, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Houses, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Orwell, Mr. and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Bof- nafion, Mr. Gore, Mr. Staunton, Sir George Savile, Mr. -mere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk, whose Fonercau, Col. Irwin, Mr. Ryder, Mr. If (on, Mr. Mbn-

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them- tagu, Mr. Calvett, Mr. Sei/ntoiir, Mr. Mr.

selves, and all others chargeable with, or contributing Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Heioett, to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the Mr. Mr. and all the said Hundred; and also the Petition of the Guardians Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, of the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, tingham, and York And they are to meet this Afterin the County of Suffolk, in their General Quarterly noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chain-Meeting, assembled the 26th Day of December 1763-; her. were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had di- Mr. G/rypresented to the House, according to Or-recied him to report the fame, as tl>ey appeared to dhr, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads frotit them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the End of St airbridge near a Barn in the Parish

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s " nn ’ 1 '

Table: Where the same was read; and is as folldweth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. I-ntt Knight being examined, said. That t|ie Poor within th# laid Hundred are of late YearS' greatly increased, and are at present very numerous; that, the Expence of supporting them for the Ifcft Eight'

Yeats, is, in many Places, double to What it was in the Eight preceding Years,* And he produced several parochial Accounts to verify this Aflertioft.

of to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wa/lbfi; and

from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge afor'e-

said, and Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at find from the Garden of Henry Hattat at bridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East; in the County of And the

feme was received; and read the First Time.

Ref died. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. reported from the Committee to whom the Petitiort of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Iriha-That if a House w as built for the general Reception bitants, Owners and OocupHers of Lands, Houses, Tythes of the Poor within the said Hundred* and Powers given Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Uh-for their proper Government and Regulation, they derwoods, within the Huhdred of in th£

would be much better maintained than at present, and Couritywhofe Names are thereunto fnbfcii-at a left Expence to the Public, as has been found by bed, on behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable Experience in the contiguous Hundreds of Colneis and with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief Carlford. of the Poor within the said Hundred, was referred.

In support of the Second Petition, Mr. William True- lliat the Committee had examined the Matter of the love being examined, said, That heis Treaftfrer to the said-Petition; and had directed him to report the fame. Guardians of the Poor for the Hundreds of Colneis and as it appeared to them,1 to the House; and he read Carlford: And he produced an Account of tire Money the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in received from the several Parishes within the said Hun- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is* dreds for the Four last Years (being a Medium of their as followeth; vizi

Assessments for the Relief of the Poor for the Seven 'pte- To prove tire Allegations of the said Petition, Mi1, ceding Years) according to the DirectioiVs of the A# of Lot'Knight informed’ your Committee, That the Poor Parliament lor incorporating those Hundreds, amount- within the said* Hundred have of late Years greatly in-ing in the whole to the Sum of £.6.636 4*. 7 \d.otitof creased, and are now very numerous, and maintsfinfel

«1>KiaK tliprp' line Knm> O Qhtfinm /* r £L <* mIW /V

Stanbrfy LiK, ic. Rdi

Poc

Sampfcci Poof.

which there has been a Saving of £. 2,150 16*. 7 Jtf.

And he informed'your Committee, That the Poor are much better, provided for now than they were before 20

at a great Expence;

That if ftifficiemt Powers were granted for the%* gulation and better Government of the Poor Withifrthe

said

Rotherham: through Whiilon Road.

p

Tirfley

Road.

\ Skeffling

Inclosure.

e i.

r l

,fty

4 Geo. III. 31° Ja771

said Hundred, and a proper Place provided for their Reception, they might be madeufeful and industrious; and they would be much better provided for and maintained than at present, and at a much less Expence, which is found by Experience in the contiguous Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Sampford, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Lloyd, the Lord Orwell, Mr. Staunton, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ilewett presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Hoad from Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of to the Town of

Clusterfield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. / Iewettpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Tinjley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Skejfiingin IIolderness'e, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Parker, Mr. Contis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Waller, Mr. Seymour, Sir Ja Mr. Shi finer,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hex oett, Lord George Mr.

' Tucker, Mr. Grant, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Upton, Mr. BuUer, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lord

Brownlmv Bertie, Mr. JenkinfMr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hervey, Sir Charles Mr. Morton, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Rufiout, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wynnes and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and

Ixnicaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Reception, it would be a Means of making them nfe-ful and industrious; and they would be much better provided for and maintained than at present, and at a less Expence; which has been found to he the same in the contiguous Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford.

Mr. William Truelove, Treasurer to the Trullees for the Poor within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Woods, in relation to the good Effects which have arisen from incorporating those Two Hundreds by Act of Parliament, for the Relief of the Poor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of And that Mr. Holt, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Banbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Underwood, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of West in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish. was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that there is a Bill brought in for inclosing the Open and Common Field-in the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are intit It <1 to a considerable Part of the Land in the said Parish, to the Amount of Twelve Yard Land, and upwards, intended to be inclosed; and that they conceive the inclosing of the Open and Common Field of the said l’arish will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying that they may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures. Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursday the 23d Day next.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Blv thing Poor.

1 '

J:

1

V

*i'

e

.ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to w'born the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, within the Hundred of Bly!king, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Woods being examined, said, That he finds by Inquiry amongst the Inhabitants, and also from his own Observations, that the Poor within the said Hundred have of late Years greatly increased, and are at present very numerous.

And he produced Accounts of the Poors Rates for several Parishes, which appeared to be increased about One Half in the last Ten Years.

That if sufficient Powers were granted for the better Regulation and Government of the Poor within the said Hundred, and a proper Place provided for their Vol. 29.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Richardfor the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret’s Westminster;and that he be desired to

print the fame: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. Cust, do acquaint him therewith.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Oxford attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, prefeuted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Certificate made out by the Lieutenant of the said County, pursuant to the Directions of an Act paflTed in the Second Year of His present Majesty. j

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Hereford attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Return to an Order of the House of the 16th Day of December last, for the proper Officer for the several 9 K Counties

West

Haddon

iQclolurc

Dr.

Richardson

thanked.

Militia

Certifica;et«

Ditto,

77*

31° Jannum*.

<A. 1764.

Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford, Stafford, Sii/Tex, Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom} Nottingham, Northampton, 'Hereford, Rutland, Salop, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for Forcejier, and Montgomery, to iay before this House, railing the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thou-Copies of the Certificates mentioned in tlxe said Order, land Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to

Sapptv.

Copies

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to beperufedby the Members of the House.

The said Return is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re* ported from the Committee of the whole House, to

be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to he paid by the Maker thereof;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity' of Cyder and Perry' made before the 5th Day of 1763, of which Entry hath been made or Account taken, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the Arid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Cyder

whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply and Perry made fmee the 5th Day of July 1763, and granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

It(filved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all such Bills payable iu Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports, made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1762, amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Seventy-nine thousand Salaries of the additional Officers of Excile appointed Two hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Six Shillings and since the ill Day of June 1763, for alcertailiing,

charging, and collecting the new Duly on Cyder and Perry; distinguishing each Month, the Time that they were employed, and the Amount of their Salaries; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Instructions given by the Commissioners of Excise to their Officers, for

charged with the additional Duty laid by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, to the 18th Day of December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Money arising from the Conipositionpaid by the Makers of Cyder and Perry, for the Duties ou Cyder and Perry to be consumed in their own private Families, to the iSth Day of December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number and

Six Pence, as were not converted into Annuities, after the Rate of £.\ per Centum per Annum, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees ascertaining, charging, and collecting the new Duty on of the BritiJIi Mufeuni, to carry on the Execution of Cyder and Perry, be referred to the said Committee, the Trust reposed in them by Parliament. Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Cyder

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second and Perry made fmee the 5th Day of July 1763, of Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- which Account hath been taken, but no Charge made,

Honiton

Election.

upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Inhabitants, Housekeepers, living in the Borough of Iloniton, in the County of Devon, commonly called Potwallers, not receiving Alms of the Parish, whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this Iloiife, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That so much of the Order made upon the oth Day of December last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon TlturJUay next, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return foH the said Borough, as relates to the Petition of the inhabitants, Housekeepers, living in the Borough of Jlor.iton, in the County of Devon, commonly called Potwallers, nut receiving Alms of the Parish, be dif-tharged.

to the 18th Day of December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer and Ale, and of Barrels of Small Beer, brewed in the several Collections of England, together with the Amount of the Duty; distinguishing each Year; from Midsummer 1754, to 1;

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, from the 23d Day of June 17.54, to the 23dJune 1761; distinguishingeach Year, and how much arose from Duty, and how much from Competition; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of tile Duty of Hops grown in England, from 1754, to Midsummer 1761; distinguishing each Year;

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the nett Produce of

Accounts; Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out. in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Efiefts, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the lateTreaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in llis Majesty’s Possession.

the Duty on Ale Licences, from 2d 1757, to

2d August 1763; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Malt Duties in Scotland, from the 23d Day of June 1734, to the 23d Day of June 17G1; distinguishing each Year, and how much arose from Duty, and how much from Composition; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry made for Sale within Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1761; distinguishingeach Year, which was presented to the House upon Fridaf the 4th Day of March last; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the nett Produce of

t)vttics on Cvder and Vary.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the the Duties on Cyder and Perry, made for Sale, within House to vefoUe itself into a Committee of the whole Seven Years, ending the 5th Day of 1761, which House, to consider of such Alterations and Amend- was presented to the Ilonfe upon Wednesday the 9th nients, as may be proper to be made in such Part of an Day ol March last, be referred to the said Committee. Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional mittee.

1-, >,r

Peers’

Name.

Rochdale

Glebe*

Bury

Glebe*

4 Geo. III. 31° Januarii — 1° 773

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of such Alterations and Amendments, as may be proper to be made in such Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, . to be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1° die Februarii \

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1764.

Praters.

ABIL L to enable Richard Symons an Infant, lately called Richard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of , pursuant

to the Will of Richard Symons, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Buller, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert, Mr. 'Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wood, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sergjfon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Drake, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sharpe, Mr.

Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Edmon/lone, Mr. Milles, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jackson, Mr Lloyd, Mr. Shi finer. Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Norris, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Mr.

Byde, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, Monmouth, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oif the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through ’ the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish and Vpt. 29. 1

Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the hill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to TiiompimbaM whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Hands Drainage, are thereto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township and Parish of Thorngumbald, otherwise Gumbaldthorn, in in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Baxby being examined, said, That the said Marsh Lands and Low Grounds are generally overflowed with Water, and are of very little Profit to the Owners and Proprietors; that if the same were drained, they would be greatly advanced in Value, to the immediate Profit and Advantage of the said Owners and Proprietors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township and Parish of Thorngumbald, in the County of York:And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Lambeth whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in and Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Road*?*1 Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Letei/hatn, in the County of Kent, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fam was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners are authorized to lay out, make, and keep in Repair, several Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for defraying the Expences attending the said Trust, are impowered to take, at any Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the said Roads, the following Tolls: For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, One Half-penny; for every Drove of Oxen, Two-pence per Score; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, One Penny per Score. And then,

Mr Richard Somerfall, Clerk to the Trustees, produced an Accunt of the Tolls, and the Money Dor-rowed; by which it appeared, that £. 13,500 had been borrowed; for which £.450 was paid yearly for Interest; that the Toll was lett upon Lease, at 1,116 per

774 i° Februarii A. 17%

Annum; and that the Surplus of the Interest is infuffi- Horseback, and, in many Places, very narrow and in-cient to repair the Road; and that the Repairs thereof commodious; and cannot be effectually repaired and will daily grow more expensive, the Road having been widened by the Laws now in being for repairing High-made extremely well at fuss, and now wearing out. ways in Scotland.

The Witness added, that fereral Robberies and That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

other Outrages have been committed upon the said repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in Road lately; that the said Mischiefs are daily increasing; the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of and that he knows no probable Method of preventing Langholm and , to in the County of

the fame, but by lighting and watching the said Road; Roxburgh: And that Mr. and Mr. Tucker

which the present Tolls are inefficient to effect. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

That by the ACtof the 2 ;th of George the Second, the Breadth of the Roads are directed to be Vorty-two Feet A Bill for making the Exemplification r.f the Will e# for Wheel-way, and Eight Feet for Foot Pass’engers; but of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Will ihe Road which was made by the Commissioners of Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, JTc/lminster Bridge, before the passing of that Act, and was read a Second Time, by that Act put under the Direction of the Petitioners, Rejoiced,'! hat the Bill be committed to Mr. is, in several Places, not quite Forty Feet broad, and Mr. Sandys. Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Jittller, Mr. IVilhru-in One Place, near the Turnpike, not above Thirty-six ham , Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles Mr.

Feet broad, and the Foot Path is inconvenient. Shi filer, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Harley, Mr. DowdeficelL,

Peter Theobalds, Esquire, confirmed the above Evi- Mr. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr.

dence. Hood, Mr. Ponceau, Mr. I.uttroll, Mr. Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for OMr. Renton, Sir George Mr. Jeffrie, Sir enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Wilson, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Mr. Foley, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

jesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and Ryder, Colonel llotiuim, Mr. Bagof, Mr. II ebb, Mr. keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes Martin, Mr. C11JI, Mr. Be/t, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Tucker, of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Lord Vdliers, Mr. Burrell, Mr. H aller,

Rcrntondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lezvi/ham, in Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Parker; and all llie the County of Kent;and for lighting and watching Members who serve for the Counties of the said Roads: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. and Salop; and for the Principality of Hales: And

Maicbey, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, the fame. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nonnen’s

K at.

A Bill for naturalizing Egbert Nonnen, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bey, Mr. Hewett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Mr Montagu, Mr. Earle, Mr. NeJ-

bitt, Mr. Dowdejwell, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Webb, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wood, Mr. Bagof, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Southwell, I.ord Midleton, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Eduard

Air. Alderman Bedford, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hhichcol, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Howard, Lord Harry PouiettAir. Moh/neux, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Air. Calvert,

Air.' Tucker, Mr. Lownaes, Mr. Penton, Mr. Grav, Air.

lhiller, Sir Edmund Thoma^, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Wed, Mr. Sir

Thomas Cave, Mr. Glover, Lord Frederick Air. Gore, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles

Kemys ’1 ynte, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Cocks, M r. Coventry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Como, Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- iff mon Grounds, Heath Ground, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within Guilfborough, Co ton, and Nortoft, in the County’ of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being put, that the Bill do pnfs;

'l he House divided.

The Yeas went forlh.

Tellers for, he Yea, li*' Sfc

f Air. Shiffner,

I Mr. Tucker: r

Tellers for the Noes, 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Aleadows, Common Grounds, Heath Ground, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within Coton, and

Nortoft, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Air. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Scots D\We

threw jh

Road.

Air. Toicnshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Owners ot Land, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing iu or near the Villages of Langholm, in the County of Dumfries, and Hawick, in the County of Roxburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report tire fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Piepovt in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as fo\loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John FA Ho!, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from Scots Dyke, on the Confines of the County of Dumfries, through the Villages of Langholm and ILiwick, to a Place called Haremofs, in the County i.f ilorb’irsh, are in a very ruinous Condition, alftiofi impaifatilc lor Carriage-, and dangerous for Persons on

Tire House'being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prei'ented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Malt, Aeww>i arising within the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, Gloucester, Monmouth, Devon, and Cornxcdl,

from the 23d June '1754, to the 23d June 1761; distinguishing each County and each Year’.

And then he withdrew. '

And the Title of the said Account was read. , Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he peruffed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the oilier Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That A! r. Speaker do issue his Warranfto the Clerk of the Crown, to make ont a new Writ for the

Electing of a :Biir£efs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borotrgh of Steytring, inIhe County of

- Sitja,

fooii

Wi[

Holpi;

1

4 Geo. III.

Februatii.

m

Hat

Manufacture.

Sussex, in the room of Frazer Honcywood, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Hatters of the City of Brijlel, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats

made with Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are underwritten, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain: And also,

A Petition of Several Persons resident in the City of Chester, and in Parts adjacent, employed in making and Day of December 1763, exclusive, to the 31st Day of vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney December 1764, inelulive.

Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain:

December 1763, inclusive; and also an Account of the Number of the said Children who were living, under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1763.

Ordered, That the Gc.vernors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children do prepare, and lay before this House, an Eftiniate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; Describing to the House the present declining State of the Trade of making Hats in this Kingdom, and the Reasons thereof; and Hating to the House Several Advantages which, the Petitioners apprehend, would arise to the said Trade, if the Drawbacks now allowed upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins were taken off, and a Duty laid upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins, and Beaver Wool: And therefore praying the House to take the PremisesintoConsideration; and to grant such Relief and Encouragement to the said Manufacture, as the Credit and Importance thereof deserve, and as to the House shall l’t-ein meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Southioark,

The House was moved, that art Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit-

and Parts adjacent, employed in making and tee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they ' 11 ‘ ’ had directed him to report, when the House will please

to receive the same.

OrdThat the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hare Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain and also the Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, residing in and about London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen of the same and also the Petition of Several Persons resident in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and in Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names arc underwritten, on behalf of them-Selves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain-, are severally referred: And they are to examine, and state to the House, the flatter of Fact contained in the Petitions now presented.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

T-llow

imported from

Ireland,

Ways

and

Means,

Supply,

Ways

and

Means.

Ifs;

Dg i i.

Ordered, That Mr. Toicnjhend have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give

Directions that there be laid before this House, a List of the several Counties in England and in which

the Militia has been raised, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young

Children, between the 31st Day of December i]6z, ex- His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, elusive, and the 31 ft Day of December 1763, inclusive, amend, and reduce One Act of Parliament, the

with the Ballance then remaining; and also an Account several Laws now being, of the Number of Children received into the said Hof- training the Militia within that Part of pital on or before the 25th Day of Marchrybo, who called England.

have been placed out Apprentices, or returned to their Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Parents, between the said 31 ll Day of December 1 j6z, Majesty by such Members of this Floufe as are of His exclusive, and the said 31 ft Day of December 1763, in- Majesimoil honourable Privy Council, elusive; and also an Account of the Number of the

fyd Children who have died between the said 31 ft Day Ordered, That the proper Officer of the several

f December ij6z, exclusive, and the said 3 lit Day of Counties of Cambridge, Oxford, Stafford, Nottingham, Ceit.iSc*»*. fVoL. ip. p L and

Mi I/ia Training*

Sherbrooke,

&c.

Roads.

776

3® Februarii.

A. 1764*

tend Wprcgficr, do lay before this House, Copies of all

Proceedings of the Justices of the Peace, in Consequence of all Certificates made out by the several Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, of the said respective Counties, to the Jqfiices of the Peace for the said several Counties, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part o f Great Britain called Ragland; whereby it

is directed, that the Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiration of each Year, in every County where the Militia shall not have been raised, shall certify the same in Writing, to the Justices of the Peace; and also the Amount of the several Sums of Five Ponnds per Man, to be raised on such County, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. John Brand being examined, said, That he hath surveyed this Road, which is so steep, that iu some Parts it rises Two Yards and an Half in Ten Yards.

Mr. Cooper being again examined, said, That, the present Tolls are not i’ullicient to make and maintain the intended Road , but that if Toll Bars were erected thereon, the Tolls collected would be fuflicieut for those Purposes.

Mr. Wilson at id Mr. Brand being again severallyex-amined, said. That the Road from Whaley to the Welterly End of Longside Common is very deep, in-

commodious, and dangerous; and that the Road proposed to be made inl'tead thereof w ill be rniicii more convenient.

And all the Witnesses agreed, that the making and repairing the intended Roads will be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chappclin the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Majidtejier, in the County of

and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Firth, and to Sparrow Cate; and from Whaley Bridge to the Western End of Longside Common, in tire County of Chester: And that Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Willoughby, and Mr.

Bootle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jovis, 2* die Februarii;

Auno 4* Georgii III*14 Regis, 1764.

Fra yers.

MR. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Naples are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Three Acts of Parliament, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fifft, and in the 3d and 2zd Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road put' thereupon, agreed to by the House from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chappel in the was amended at the Tablo accordingly.

Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in be. An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employ-in the County of Lancaster, an other Roads in the ing t he Poor within the Parish of Saint John at llack-said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the Road from ney, in the County of and for lighting the

An ingroied Bill for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex-, and for lighting the said Parish; and establishing a regulur nightly Watch thereinwas read the Third Time.

The A mendmenfcfoilowing was proposed to be made to the Bill;. viz,

Pr. 6, I. i~ To leave out from "provided" tb "and" in >Line 7.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

and the Bill

Hacb«

M^tlr

IVitcii,

kc

the Schopl-house in Didsbury, to the Bridge in Wilm-Jlow, in the said County of Chester; and for erecting a Bridge over the River MerJ'cy; and also of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, living near the said Roads; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were produced, and read; And,

Mr. Samuel Cooper being examined, said. That the Sum of J.3,200 has been borrrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which is still owing; that this Sum, together with the Tolls collected, hath been duly applied, apd the said Roads much improved; but that the Road from Whaley Bridge to Sparrow Pit Gate is very moun-

said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly B atch therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Sendys, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of caster, for the Time being, to grant Leafesof the Glebe belonging to the said lieetory, was read the Third Time.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pa fa: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

Ordered, That Mr. Sliuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable’the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdcde, in the County of Lancato grant a

itjeW j city

tainous, and dangerous for Passengers; and that many Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the

more Tray ellers go this Way now than formerly, ocoa-fioned by other Turnpike Roads being made over the Peak Forest.

Mr. Joseph Wilson being examined, said, That this Part of the Road is so steep, that Carriages cannot pass with Safety in Winter, either up the Hill, or down; and that the proposed Road will be very level and convenient.

said Vicarage, was read tho Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the V Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lantrajler, to grant a Lease or Leafesof theGlebe Land shuhtiging to the said enrage.

Ordered, That Mr. Shut!kwor Bill to

the Lords, iand desire "their Concurrence.

Mr.

4 Geo. III.

Febtudrii.

777

Watling

Street,

&C.

L-, Road.

u

Mr. Bagot reported from the Coritmittee, to whom Toll, of eqtial Amount, and after the same Rate with

ii-

Idarreilhe*

Nat.

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Salop arid Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dutton said, That the Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watting Street, through the several Towns and Villages described in the Petition, to Compton and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brook to the Iland-post in the Parish 6f; in the

Counties of Salop and Stafford; are in a ruinous Condition, and, iri many Places, very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be givten to bring in a Bill for amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Street,

to Compton and the New Ihn; and from rite Birches Brook to the Hand-pod in the Parish in

the several Counties of Salop and Stafford: And that Mr. BagOt, the Lord North, the Lord Grey, and Sir John Ajtltnj, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

the present Toll which the fuid Trustees are intitled, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, to collect, at auy Turnpike on the said Road, for Cattle and Carriages passing through the fame; and that the said Road, leading from the said Tewlcesbury Turnpike Road to the said GUmcesterTurnpike Road, may be added to the

Turnpike Road to be repaired by the said Act of Parliament for repairing the said Road, leading from the said Town of Tewkesbury towards Biffs Elm; and be subject to the same Powers and Authorities, and be repaired in the same Manner, as the said Road leading from Tewkesburytowards Biff’s Elm, is directed by the said Act of Parliament to be repaired; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the Trustees named and ap- Tewkefcufy pointed for the first District of Roads mentioned iri an Act of Parliament, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Gate; and

from Isabel's Elm to the l of of Hill, in

the County of Glvucester-, and from Tewkesbury to a Farm House called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction-post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook; and from Brcedonto Bridge, in

the County of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Eljlore Church; and Horn the Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a

Road.

for naturalizing Joint Marteilkc; of Lmidori, Merchant, Tree called Benjdun Ash, in the said County o

was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ewkWbunr

Read.

cester; and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerableSum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the said Roads in such District;

A Petition' of the several Trustees natned for putting in Executionsu Act of Parliament, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the which, together with the Tolls, have been duly ap, Second. ft>r repairing the several Roads leading from the plied; but that the said Dilirift of Roads cannot be ef-Town of Tcwkcjbiny, in the County of Gloucester, ftftually repaired, and the Money, now due and owing

therein particularly mentioned; and of the several upon the Credit of the Tolls, repaid, unfefs the Term

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, refuting in or near to the said Town of bury; whose Names are thereto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by

apd Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Road between Tewkesbury and Cofcomb Gate, in the Parish of being Part of the said District, is at present in a ruinous

the said A ft, the Trustees are impowered tb collect the Condition and that only One Toll can be demanded

Tolls in the said Act mentioned, once, rind no more, for Cattle and Carriages pairing and returning oiice the same Day, through all the Turnpikes erected on the said Road from 'Tewkesburyto Gate, or any

Part thereof; which Road, except a final I Part thereof, lies in a deep Clay Soil, and cannot he repaired with-

out a great Expence; and that £.g,oooo, and upwards, have been expended towards repairing the said Road;

which, together with the Statute Labour in the several Purithes through which the fume leads, have hot been sufficieutto put such Road in Repair; and that the same is now, in many Parts, in a ruinous Condition and that the present Tolls and Powers concerning the said Road will he ineffectual, without the Power of collecting the same lolls at 1'wo Turnpikes on the said Road, in the same Day, for Cattle and Carriages ;ufd

sing through the fume; and that great Part of the Road leading from the Turnpike lloud from Tewkesbury said, tuwairls Tiff 's Elm, at or near a Place called Coomb Hill, to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester towards Tewkesbury to a Bridge at

or near Norton MHI,is very ruinous, and incommodious for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law: And therefore praying, That be

given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees' to collect and receive, at Two Turnpikes on the Road leading from Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, for Cuttle and Carriages passing the same Day through the

thereon; and that unless the Trustees are impowered to collect additional Tolls, of equal Amount with the Tolls which are now collected on that Rond, the same must remain in a ruinous Condition: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-f ion; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were ordered to

be referred to the Conffderat of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs,

geffes and Commonalty of the Borough of Tcivkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them to the House.

Mr. Heioelt reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Gentlemen, , Freeholders,

and Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed to report the fame, as it appeared to themto the House; and he retid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation of the said Petition, ME William JohnJ’on. being examined, said, That the Roads leading from Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham,

MansF.cfJ

to

A (hover Road.

feme. Two Tolls, viz. at each of such Turnpikes One the County of

Vol. 29. Derby,

c.ocrgie

778

a° Februarii.

A. 1764,

Alfreton,

&c.

Road.

De/ty; and from Woolley Moor to AJkover, in the said to the Turnpike Road at; and from the County of Derby, are in a very narrow and ruinous Garden of Henry at to the Garden

Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Wall of Esquire, at East Tuderley, in the

Laws now in being. County of Southampton; and that the Road leading

Ordered, That Tea ve be given to bring in a Bill for from Mill Stream, over Lockerley Green, to

repairing and w idening the Roads leading from the East Dean Gate, in the said County of;

Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to and also the Road leading from the said Garden Wall the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the of the said Denys Rolle, Esquire, through Part of the County of Derby; and from Woolln/ Moor to Ashover, several Parishes or Places of West Tithcrley,

in the said County of Derby: And that Mr. Heioett, and A ether fi allup, in the said County, to the Turn- Mr. Willoughby, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and pike Road leading from Stockbndge aforesaid, to bring in, the fame. bury, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places,

and incommodious for Travellers; and cannot Tie Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom effectually repaired and widened by the present Me. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, thods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That and Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and Notting-Prnvifinn mav he made in the said Bill, for rensiriiw

ham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Tenants of all the Lands lying up, or adjoining to a certain Lane at the Weli End of the Town of Sutton in in the County of Nottingham, called Willoiobridge, or lowbrig Lane; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. William Johnson being examined said. That the Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a Place in Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, called; and from the Bridle Gate at the Division of the Liberties of Black-

well and 1lucknall, through the l'own of Sutton in Ash-

field, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of S/icnoooodare in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Dodson said. That the Lane called Willoiobridge Lane, is about Seven hundred and Fifty-nine Yards long, and is very narrow and incommodious: — That the Owners and Tenants of Lands, lying up the said Lane, have a Right to a Passage up the said Lane, (being a public Highway) to and from their several Lands: — That the West End of the said Lane joins to the high Road; and unless the said Lane be stopped up, the Tolls will be evaded.

Mr. Johnson confirmed the above Evidence, with Regard to the Probability of the Tolls being evaded, unless the said Lane is stopped up.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the high Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell; and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Huck-inill, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Heioett, Mr. Willoughby, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Tracey, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cha

Herbert, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Wefi, Mr . Harvey, Mr. Lmvndes, Mr. Shut-

tlexoorth, Mr. Waller, M r. Rolle, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Hervey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Sir

Vincent, Mr. Robinson, Lord Mr. Bertie,

Marquis of Caernarvon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Penion, Mr. Upton, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Devon, Dorset, Wilts, Surrey, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sharpe prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Reads leading from Calling ton, in the County of Cornwall: And t he same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Hugh Dalrtjmple presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part, of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall he vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School and other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with freth Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

C Jnfta Roll

Ddfllar TVs ft job J Scot.

StanbrHgc

Lane,

&c.

ftoad.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others of the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Lane,

near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike

Mr. Mazvbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Egbert Nonnen, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tilt* Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

tfonm'i

Ait

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants that live near the great Road leading from a cer-

SpjiJ'i

bykSriit

K(W.

Kord at Middle Wallop-, and from the Turnpike Road tain Bridge called Spalding High Bridge, in the Parts of between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, Holland, in the County of Lincoln, through the said 16 ' Parish

ile

4 Geo. III. a° F77a

*' Parish of Spalding, and to and through the several Pa-

riflies of Pinchbeck, Stirj and Quadring,

to the Market Place in Donington; and from the Tenth

Mde Stone in tile Parish of Gajbertanmaforesaid,. to the

Eighth Mile Stone (adjoining the Bnston Road) in the

Parish of Wigtqfl, in the said Parts and County; whose V: Names are thereunto fnldcribed; was referred; That

1 the Committee had examined the Matte* of the said.

Petition; amt had directed hh» to restart the fame, a*

1 it ap|>eTtretf to them, to the Hoofer; and fee read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards deHveted rt m at r the Clerk’s {aide: Where the same was. read; and is

cl as followeth; vi~.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

*: William Dyer being examined, said, That the said Road

a;is- the-common High Road to the City ef Lincoln, and to the Counties of Leic and Nottingham, to the Borough of Bojton, and the North Pattern Parts of the I:. said County of Lincoln-, that the same is, from the

ij Number of heavy Carriages patting thereon, become

very ruinous, and in some Places so narrow, and from jp.V the Lowness of the Road in other Places is frequently

| overflowed, that Passengers cannot travel through the

e same without great linger; that if the same was

[ i effectually repaired and widened, it would be a public

i Benefit; but that the same cannot be done by the pre-

..... sent Methods prescribed by Law.

f- Thcophiltis Buckworth, Esquire, and Mr. William Ro-

gerson, being examined, confirmed the above Evi-

r; dence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding Ji/gh Bridge to the Market Place in; and from the

/ Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of to the

' Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln: And that Lord Mr. Sharpe, and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

said Parish; that $ the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, by the said Act, the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Parishioners of the said Parish, tge impowered to appoint annually Twenty substantial discreet Parishioners, who, together with the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Ppor, are to be a Committee lor the several Purposes rtiehtforfett in the fai^ Act, who have a Power to make Regulations with Regard to the Affairs oft he Parish, but which are not to be in Force until Confirvned by a Meeting of the Pari fhiooers in Vefb'v; and that under these Regulations, these- Petitioners apprehend they now enjoy all the Benefits which can arise to them from a Cdeft Vettry, with this additional Security, that if any of the said Committee misbehavc, they can be difpiaced by the Petitioners: And therefore praying the Hotrfe to take-the Premises into Consideration; and that I he Pe-f itioners may be heard by themselves, or Connl’el, before the Committee to whom the said Petition is refeyred, again# such Part thereof as relates to effablhiring a fe-le6i Vestry within the said Fhrish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors and Owners of Houses, Ground, and Lands, lying within the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Mand of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, tvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest, of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or their Oronfel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, again# the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mary le l*»nc A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of

Parochial the Poor of the Parish of Saint Marx) le bone, in the Police. County of Middlesex, and of several other Proprietors and Owners of I Joufes, Ground, and Lands, and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Petition hath

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the Ad, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-been presented to the House, taking Notice, that since dredand Sixty-three; and for further appropriating^* the passing of the A &made in the 29th Year of his late Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating the nightly allowing His Majesty's to import their Goods

Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded paying the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Paffhges, to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon

Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty’f PoQefUon.

And then he withdrew.

and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor within the said Parish, the said Parish is become very populous, so that the Provisions in the Ad are found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and that it would be an Advantage to the said , if the Poors Rate, and the other Rates in the said Act mentioned, were consolidated, and a feled establdhed, for the better ordering and regulating the

And the Title of the said Account was read. And the said Account is as followeth viz.

Account; Exchequer Bills.

VOL.

9m

To

780

a° FebruariL

Burton upon Trent to Derby Road.

Privilege.

Lideveze

Eftaiet,

A. 1764.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies ’granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the iame Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in His Majesty’s Poll'eflion.

THE Exchequer Bills made out in purAiance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds.

P.

Exchequer, the and Day of February 1764,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- the Petitioner, at the Deft re of Anthony did

ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. prepare a Petition at the Beginning of this Session of

Parliament, for veiling the Reversion and Remainder A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and in Fee of several Estates in the Kingdom of Ireland, Powers of an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign expectant on the Determination of several Entails, in of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, the said Anthony , and his Heirs j which Pe-

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the tition was sent into , and signed by. the said

West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the thony Ladeveze-, but the Messenger who carried the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the Petition over to Ireland, was detained by the Weather South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of and contrary Winds, so that the Petitioner, though he Derby, was read a Second Time. sent over the Petition on the 25 th of December la did

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-not receive the same till the First of this February, herbert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Charles Mor- so that the Petition cannot be presented to the House daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, within the Time limited for Petitions for Private Bills: Mr. Whitworth, Mr. TomlinJ'on, Mr. Edmonston, Mr. And therefore praying the House to give Leave that

Butler, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ryder, Mr. CholmleyMr. the said Petition may be presented, after the Day ap-Sandys, Lord Brownloiv Bertie, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. pointed for receiving Petitions for Private Bills.

Lultrell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Demp- Ordered, That, upon Consideration only of theparti-

jtcr, Mr. RobiiiJ'on, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Holt, Mr. Dyson, cular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition of

Mr. Montagu, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Matthew Dowdell, Leave be given to exhibit the Robert Burdett, Mr. Wilson, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. tition of the said Anthony Ladeveze, as desired by the

Upton Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Parker, Mr. llewett, Mr. said Matthew Doivdall, in his Petition just now read. Fonercau-, and all the Members who serve for the Then a Petition of Anthomi Ladeveze, of the City Counties of Derby, Stafford, Warwick, Nottingham, o Esquire, formerly Lieutenant

York, and Liecester: And they are to meet this After- late Majesty’s 19th Regiment of Foot, was presented to noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, the House, ana read; Setting forth,’ That

Dowdall, deceased, was, in and before the Year i66p,

A Complaint was made to the House, That the seised in Fee Simple of the Town and Lands of Clorau Name of a Member of this House had been counter- and in the County of in the

feited in the franking of a Letter, sent by the General Kingdom of Ireland, and by Lease and Release, dated Poll. the Sixth and Seventh of January 1 conveyed the

And the said Member being present, and the’ said same to Trustees, and their I leirs, to the Letter signed John Chappell, and the Superscription Begg, and his Heirs, by Way of Mortgage, for fecu-thereof, being shewed to him, he declared that the ring the Sum of £. 350, and the Interest thereof, and Frank was not of his, the said Member’s Hand-wri- subject to the fair! Morgage Debt, and to a Jointure ting. for Elenor the of the said Matthcxo Doivdall, who

Ordered, That the said John Chappell do attend this is since dead, to the Use of the said Matthew Dowdall House, upon this Day Three Weeks. for Life, Remainder to the Use of Joseph Doivdall, his

EldeftSon, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with A Petition of Matthew Dowdall, Esquiro, was pre- mainder to the Second and every other Son of Mat-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That thexv Dowdall fncceftively in Tail Male, and for Want

4 Geo. III.

a° Februarii.

781

of such Issue, Remainder to the right Heirs of Mat- of Parliament, no Person would ptirchafe the fame;

thezv, and that the said Matthezo Doze dull was attainted and that the Bulk of the Petitioner’s Fortune being of High Treafoii, on Account of the Rebellion which vested in the said Securities, and depending upon the broke out in Ireland in 1688, and died on the 28th of beforementioned Title, the Petitioner was advised to November 1690, leaving Issue the said Joseph his Elded purchase the Equity of Redemption of the Premisses, Son: And that by an Act passed in the 11th and 12th and to rely on the wonted Favour and Indulgence of Years of King William the Third, for granting an Aid Parliament, for confirming his Title: And the Petitio-to his Majesty by sale of the forfeited Estates in Ire- ner having agreed with the said and

land, and a Land Tax in England, for the several Uses his Brothers, for the Purchase of their redeemable In*

therein mentioned, all Lands and Hereditaments, the Estates of Persons who Hood convicted or attainted of

High Treason or Rebellion since the 13th o f February

1688, were veded in Trustees, and their Heirs, according to the several Estates and Interelis which the forfeiting Persons had therein, to be sold and disposed of Redemption to the Petitioner, and his Heirs; and of for the several Purposes therein mentioned, but sub- that the Eliate confids of no more than 551 Acres by jest to such Decrees, or Adjudications, as the Trustees Admeasurement, worth the yearly Rent of \ is. per should make in Favour of the Persons intereded in such Acre, subject to the original Mortgage veded in the Etlates, previous to such Attainder; and that the Life Representatives of Marks; and that the Rever-

tered, at the Price of £. 1000, they differed a Common Recovery of the Premilfes, and by Deed dated the 27th of January) x 763, in Consideration of the said Sum of £.3,11415 s. 11 d.so decreed to he paid to the Petitioner, and of the further Sum of£. 1000, released their Equity

Intered of the said Matthew Dowdall, the forfeiting Person, being veded in the Trustees, under the said Act, the said Joseph Dotodall, his Elded Son, and the Representatives of the said Marks Begg, on the 10th of Augitjl 1700, exhibited their Claim before the Trustees; and the same having been heard on the 24th of March 1701, the Trustees allowed the Claim as to the Mortgage Debt and Intered, and decreed the Equity of Redemption to the said Joseph and the Heirs Male of his Body; And that by another Act, made in the Fird and Second Years of Queen Ann, the Eliate vested in the Trustees, by the former Act, which should not be fold before the 24th of 1703, or otherwise disposed of, pursuant to that Act, were veded in the Crown, for the Uses declared by the First Act, subject nevertheless to such Orders and Appointments, as by the Authority of the Parliament of England should thereafter be given in that behalf: And that the Reversion limited to Matthew Dowdall, and his Heirs, which was veded in the Trustees by the Fird Act, not being sold or disposed of by them, became veiled by the said Second recited Act in the Crown, subject to the Mortgage: And that the said Joseph Dowdall died in 1724, leaving Issue Three Sons, Matthew his Elded, Alexander his Second, and Peter his Third Son, who were all Papids; and that the said Matthew Dowdall, the Elded Son, being in Podedion of the Lands, in the Year 1751, applied to the Petitioner for the Loan of£.2,200, which the Petitioner

don in his Majesty is remote and precarious, and cannot take in Podedion, until there shall be a Failure ofllfue Male in the said Matthew Dowdall, Alexander Dowdall, and Peter Dowdall, who are all young and healthy; and the said Alexander hath intermarried with a young Wife, who is likely to have Children; and alleging, that under thele Circumstances it hath beenul'ual for the Crown to extend their Grace and Favour to Protedant Purchasers; but in as much as the same cannot avail without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Reversion, and Remainder in Fee, expectant on the Determination of the several preceding Entails, in the Petitioner and his Heirs.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Addred’es of Friday lad and Yederday (that His Majesty would begraciously pleased to give Directions that the Lids therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly

> Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Flis Majesty, the Resolution which the Corn-

agreed to, upon an Apprehension that he and his Bro- mittee had directed him to report to the Eloufe; which-

lliers were seised in Fee; and thereupon, by Indentures of Lealeand Release, dated the 18th and 19th of 1751, and executed by Matthew, and his next Brother Alexander, they mortgaged the settled Lands in Fee, to the Petitioner, redeemable on Payment of the £.2,200, and Intered; and, on the 4th of September iollowing, executed a further Mortgage to the Peti-

he read in his Place; and afterxvards delivered in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the

tioner, for securing the further Sum of£. 400, and In- Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, interest: And that the Petitioner, on the 27th of Sep- tituled. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the tember 1756, exhibited his Bill in the Court ofthancery Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Li-jn Ireland, against the said Matthezo and Alexander Dow- berty of Wefminfcr, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the dull, to foreclose the said Mortgages; and, on the 1 ith Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Blooms-

of May 1758, the Court decreed the Defendants to pay the Petitioner, in Three Months, the Sum of £. 3,114 15s. 1 id. Sterling, being the then Amount of the Mortgage Debt, with Intered from the Fird of May 17 38, and Colts of the said Suit, or, in Default thereof, that the Defendants should be foreciofed, and the Lands, or so much thereof as (houhl be sufficient to pay the Petitioner the said Principal and Intered, and Colls, should be sold by public Cant; and that the Defendants having neglected to pay the Money decreed, the Petitioner caused the Lands to be advertised for Sale; but. it having been then discovered, that the Reversion in Fee, expectant upon the Death of the said Matthew, Alexander, and Peter Dowdall, without Issue Male, was vested in the Crown, subject to the Orders VOL, 2Q., ....

bury, that Part of the Parish of Andrcic, Uolbourn

which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which lies in the County of Middlesex-f and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; more effectually to perform the Truds reposed in them; One Sum, Part thereof, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, to be paid to the said Commissioners on or before the 5th of April 1764; and another Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, the other Part thereof, to be paid to them on or before the 5th of April 1765.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The

AnfUer

to

Addrest.

for

Papers.

Supply.

T allow t»i; ported from Ireland.

SamJord

Poor.

Wang ford Poor.

St. Clement Danes Nightly Watch

782

Februarii.

A. 1764.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland;

The House wa- moved, that, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow importer! from Ireland, to Hog’s Lard and Grease, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Tallow imported into England from from

mus 1753 to Michaelmas 1763; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Jarrit Srpith reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vexerts, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

FR. Llm/d prefen ted to the House, according to

M

might be much better regulated, and maintained, and at a less Expence than at present, if a proper Place was provided for their Reception, and if they were put under the Management of proper Persons.

And the Wiinefies all agreed, that if the Inhabitants were impowered by I aw to make Rates for the Purposes aforesaid, it would be a great Ad vautage and Safety to the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor, within the Parish o f Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of ff'cjl-

minster, and County of Middlesex :And that Mr

dys, Mr. Lloyd, the Lord Warkand Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, do pre pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for governing, employing, and maintaining st.f«p,:fe the Poor of tlrat Part of the Parish of Sepulchre 1>00'-

which is in the County of Midd; for clean ling and (^Ut" lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts,

Yards, and other open Passages and Places within the same; and for widening Charter-house Lane-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Huffey, Sir William Mr.

Harris, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Ojbald (ton, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir William Beauchamp Mr.

reau. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Alderman Lord

Howe, Lord Garysfort, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Lord Brown-

low Bertie, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Edmotijion. Mr. font, Mr. Drake, Mr. HezpMr. Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burton, Sir Charles Mordaunl,

Mr Fitzherbert, ’Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Lord

Ferney, Mr. Toxcnshend, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr.

Pye, Mr. Demp/ler, Mr. Pratt, Sir William Baker,

Mr. IIarbord, Sir Alexander Mr. Btiller, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rude, Mr. atulall

the Members who.serve for the Counties of Midi defer,

Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Stiff ex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and

read the First rime. Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom

Resolved, lhatdhe Bill be read a Second Time. ..... 0 rr , 1

J . the Petition of the Lormnmioners and I runees named

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to and appointed by and in pursuance of an of Pur-

Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of liament, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his

the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act

.of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the for making more effectual an Act, made in the Ninrfi

First Time. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time. First, intituled, An Act for completing the Repairs of

the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of St fa,

the Petit ion of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over- to its ancient Goodness; so far as the same relates to the

leers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish Harbour of Rye-, was referred; That the Committee

of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had

and County of Middlesex-,- whose Names are thereunto directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them

subscribed, on behalf of tliernselves and the rest of the to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place;

1*1

HsowJ

and afterwards delivered it iu at the Cleric’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts of the nth and 12th of King William the 3d;

Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the the 2d of Queen Anne -, the 4th, 9th, and 10 th of George Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as the First; the nth and 31st of the Second; and

followeth; vix. the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. were read.

William Woodley, an Inhabitant of the said Parish, in- And, by the First of the said Acts, certain Duties formed your Committee, that frequent Robberies, and were laid upon Ships and Vessels, for raising a Slim of other Outrages, have been committed in the said Pa- Money to lie applied for the Purpose of repairing rish; which, he apprehends, would in a great measure ver Harbour; which Duties were, by the said Ada be prevented for the future, if a well regulated nigltfly nuide in the Second Year of the Reign of Queen Anne Watch was established there. and the 4th and 9th Yeafrof the Reign of King George

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Hilyard and the First, to have Continuance till the ift Day of Mat) Mr. Wallace, also Inhabitants of the said Parish. 1744; and by the la ft of the said Acts it was directed that

Then several Witnesses present said, That the Poor of One Third Part of the Arid Duties. should be appropri-the said Parish are numerous, and very expensive, and ated to the lTfe Harbour, and the other Two

' Thirds

4 Geo. III. 3 0 Februarii783

Thirds to the repairing of the Harbour of and re-ltoring it to its ancient Goodness, under the Directions and Regulations in the said Act expressed.

By the said Act made in the 10th Year of King George the First, for making the last mentioned Act more effectual, so far as the same related to the Harbour of Rye, Power was given to make a new Cut, from Winchelsea Water to the Sea, and to heighten the Walls of the Channel of Winchelsea and Breade in Manner

therein mentioned.

By the said Act made in the i ith Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Duties were further continued for the Term of 21 Years.

And the said Act made in the 31st Year of his said late Majesty directs, that, from the Expiration of the Term granted by the last mentioned Act, which will happen upon the 12th Day of May 1765, Old Stile, One Half Part of the said Duties shall be continued, for the further Term of 21 Years, and be applied for the Benefit and Support of the Harbour of Dover.

And by the lait of the said Acts, of the 2d Year of His present Majesty, Power was given to let the Sea and Tides into the said new Cut, as far as Winchelsea Wall 011I3’:. Then,

Mr. Robert Cooper, Engineer, being examined, said. That he has been employed in carrying on the Works at Rye, for upwards of Six Years pafl; and that a new Cut or Channel has been made from a Wall called Winchelsea Wall, which divides the said new Cut from the Channel of Winchelsea and Breade, right out to the Sea; and Stone Piers and other Works have been erected at the End of the said Cut next the Sea.

That the new Cut has been wharfed, and is, as well as the said Winchelsea Wall, of a proper Height and Breadth; and that the Water is let into the said new Cut, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty.

And he further said, That several Vessels have already been in the new Cut; and that it will hold 300 Vessels, from 100 to 300 Tons Burthen, to ride in Safety at a Time; there being, in common Spring Titles, from 17 to 20 Feet Water, and at Neap Tides from 11 to 16 Feet Water.

That the new Cut is 300 Rods in Length, and 150 Feet wide, upon an Average; and that the repairing and heightening the Walls of the Channel o( Winchelsea and Breade, from the new Cut to the Town of Winchelsea, and from the said new Cut to the Town of Rye, and the letting the Sea and Tides into the said Channel, through the said new Cut, and the ilfuing the Land Waters of near 100,000 Acres through the same into the Sea, will be a means of keeping the said new Cut clean and open, and will make a navigable Communication between the same and the Town of Rye.

And he said. That the wharfing of the new Cut is at present in bad Repair, for want of the Water being sooner let in.

That there are several other Matters wanting to be done, and the Works will want a constant Repair, for which a Fund will be necessary.

----- Stuffold, Captain of a Coasting Vessel, and

Mr. John Beadle, an Officer belonging to His Majesty’s Customs, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Cooper.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Account of the Works which Mr. Smeaton, an Engineer, who has lately surveyed the said Harbour, apprehends necessary to be performed for iinithing and completing the said Harbour; whereby it will, in his Opinion, be a safe, useful, and commodious Harbour: Which Account is hereunto annexed.

And Mr. Cooper further said, That he was present at taking the said Survey, and had read and considered the said Account; and is of Opinion, that the Method proposed by Mr. Smeaton, for finishing the said Harbour,' is mosteligible, and that it cannot be finished in a more proper Manner.

Vol. 29.

Manner how the Harbour is to be finished and completed; subject to Alterations, as mentioned in the

Act.

The Channel of Winchelsea, from the North End of the new Canal to the Junction of Tillingham Channel, near the Town of Rye, to lie widened, deepened and straitened, so as to be, at a Medium, 50 Feet wide in the Bottom; each Side to batter at the Rate of Two Feet horizontal, te One Foot in Depth; the Bottom to be so disposed as to make a Part of a Plane, regularly inclined, from the lowest Sell of Scotch Flatt Sluice upon the Rothsr, as it was in the Month of February 1763, to the Sell of the great Sluice upon the new Harbour; the Banks, or Walls, to be set at lead 40 Feet, at a Medium, from the Brink, and to be raised to 25 Feet at the Least, above the Sell of the great Sluice; to beat Least Six Feet Top, to batter Two and One Half to One towards the Canal, and One and One Half to One to Landward.

To widen, deepen andftraiten the Tillingham Channel, in the same Manner and Proportion as the preceding, from the Point aforesaid, so far upward as shall be necessary to come at a proper Place of Departure into a new Canal, next hereafter mentioned.

To make a new Cut, or Canal, to the North of the Town of Rye, from some convenient Part of the 77/-lingham Channel, as aforesaid, to some convenient Point of the River Rother , the Cut to be 40 Feet Bottom, to agree with the inclined Plane aforesaid; its Sides to have the same Batters as the former; its Banks, or Walls, to be raised to the same Height; to have the same Dimensions at Top, the same Batters and Distance, as before described, as far as the crossing of the present Turnpike Road, which leads from Rye towards London: But if any Part of the Ground shall not be sufficient to allow of the Batters, Slopes, and Distance of the Banks before specified, then the Sides of the Canal and Banks to be wharfed up, or otherwise supported, so as to preserve the Bottom of the Canal of the Width before specified, and the Banks to be made sufficiently strong, to hold in the Water to the same Height as before assigned.

A Bridge to be built upon the said Turnpike Road, for crossing the Canal, to consist of Three Arches; One of 13 Feet 6 Inches wide; the others of 12 Feet each; the large Opening to be furnished with Two Pair of Gates, pointing to Seaward, so as to form a navigable Lock, and one Pair of Gates pointed to Landward; the other Two Arches to be furnished each with One Pair of folding or falling Gates to Seaward, and Draw-Gates to Landward; the Sells of those Gates to be laid even with the proposed Bottom of the Canalat this Place.

To fix a Dam acrol’s the River Rother, near below the Point where its Course shall be diverted, as aforesaid; and to erect a Sea Wall, or Bank, from the said Dam, to some convenient Point Eastward, upon the present Sea Wall of the adjoining Marshes; and to carry another Sea Wall from the said Dam Westward, to abut upon the aforesaid Turnpike Road; the said Dam and Walls to be raised to an equal Height with the adjoining Wall against the said Marshes, to be Six Feet at l of, and to batter both Ways, as Two- and One Half to One.

A navigable Sluice to be fixed across the Tillingham Channel, at l’ome convenient Place within Half a Mile of the Bridge at the Ferry near Rye, of 13 Feet 6 Inches in the Clear, with a Pair of Gates pointing to Seaward, and another Pair to Landward, with Draw Shuttles, or Slakers, in the latter; and the Walls, or Banks, of the Tillingham Channel, from the said Sluice downwards, to its Junction with the Canal before described, to be heightened, in such Manner and Proportion as is described for the main Channel from the newCanalto Rye.

9 N ' J' A Dam

Rve

Harbour.

Mailing Street, Bear Lewes Road*

784

3° FebruariL

A. 1764.

A Dam to be fixed across the present combined Channel of Winchelsea and Tillingham, at or near the present

new Bridge at Rye, the Top thereof to be made up to the same Height as proposed /or the aforesaid new Channel, from the new Canal to Rye, and to have l lie same Slopes as the Dam aforementioned to be erected upon the Rolf ter.

The Channel of Winchelseafrom the present Canal

to Winchelsea Sktioe, to be widened and deepened, so

as to be Twenty Feet in the Bottom, to form an inclined Plane, so as to tall Two Feet towards the new Canal, from the Sell of Winchefea Sluice; the Batters of its Sides, the 'Height and Slopes of its Walls, to be the same as proposed for themain Channel from the new Canal to Rye.

In case the Diversion of the (Land Waters shall occasion the Outfal of Wenusay Sluice to choak up, then a liew Channel to be out, and Sluice erected, for the Discharge of Wenway Wsuers, above the proposed Dam, into the Rather.

Proper Bridges to be. made for Communication of the present Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the nth and 12th Year of King William the Third, tfor the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been; by several other Acts, continued till the 12th Day of May 1765; and for applying the same, to completing and keeping imRepair the Harbour in

the County of Suffer: and for more effectually completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour: And that Mr. ! Norris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. and Mr.

Mentincki do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Scrgifon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 25th Year of his late Majesty King’ George the Second, for repairing' the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross;and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil. Park Gate; and from Offham to Witch Cross aforesaid; all lyingwithin

the County of Suffer; whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis Warden, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road from the North End. of Offham, through Offham Street, to a Place in the Parish of Saint Peter and Saint Mary Westout, in Lewes, called the Spital Barn, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in<many Places, very narrow; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Country, if the said Road was directed to be repaired and widened, under the Powers of the former Act.

Mr. John Hall confirmed the aforegoing Evidence, with respect to the Condition of the Road.

Ordered,’That Leave be given to bring in a: Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near Laves, and other Roads in' Suffer, to the Road leading from the North End of Offham,' to the Spital Barn, jn Lewes aforesaid -. And that- Mr. Sergifxn,^As.PeterBurreU, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in the feme.

Ordered, That Waken at Liberty

Eica*.

to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Bllhotf Election and Return for the Borough of Bishop's Cafik

in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That the several Persons whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this House (being inhabiting Burgesses of the Borough of Bishop's Cajile, in the County of Salop, having legal Settlements within the said Borough, and who have been resident therein for the Space of One Year last pall, on behalf of themselves and the several other iniiabiting Burgesses of the said Borough, who have their legal ‘Settlements within the said Borough, and who have been resident therein for the Space of Que Year lafi pall) complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 10th Day of December last, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursdaynext, the Matter of the said Petitions,

be discharged.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Actw#. House, an Account of all Briti/li Coney Skius, Rabbit Cootjiu Skins, Hare Skins, and Coney Wool, exported from’ 4t-England, from ChnJtmas 1749 to CliriJtjnas 1763; distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before hi) House, an Account of all Coney Skins, Rabbit Sk ns,

Hare Skins, and Coney Wool, imported

;from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distingutilling

each Year.

Rot

Mr. Tudwayreported.-from the Committee, to whom pj

the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen- tc.

tlemen, and Freeholders, living in and near the City of -Wells, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had. examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,-to-the House; and he read the Report in his -Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;.and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, forre-. pairing and widening the Road leading from Piper’s Inn, in the Parish of AJhcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glajionhuvy and Wells, to the White Poll in the great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Brifol, was read; And,

Robert Tudusay, Esquire, and Mr. Joseph being examined, said. That great Inconveuienceaarife from the Trustees not being impowered, under the said Act, to cut down Trees and Bullies, growing in the said Road, and from the Quorum of Trustees appointed to carry the same into Execution being too large; and that the said Act, in several Respects* is deficient and incomplete. And,

The said Witnesses further said, That the Roads leading from the City of Wells, through East Herrington, to the Beacon on the Forest of M: and from Wells aforesaid through Dulcot, to and to

Canuard’s Grave; and from Dulcot to Steanbow-bridge,

in the Parish of Pitton, in the said County of Somerset; are very ruinous, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening,) the Rood leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish-of 4/^ roll, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glafion-

bury and Wtils, to the White Poll in the great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells Rill,

leading

k

G.f

4 Geo. III.

50 Februarii.

7? 5

leading to the City of Bristol; anrl for repairing and Cambricks £b}(J now, than were before the Act passed widening several other Roads leading from the City of for prohibiting them: And Mr. Stead said, T^ut he be-Wells: And that Mr. Judwaxjand ^IvJKynaJlan do pre^ Jieves there would not be more fold, if aDuty was laid,

Bofmere

and

Claydoo

Poor.

te. Wfinchelsea Cambrick -ud Lawn

Martufa&ory.

‘V

fit u

c la

kX

:*x;

:v,r

6{

jiare, and bring in, the fame.

Tiie Lord Orwell presented to the House, according <d Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employmen of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Clay don, In the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referried. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Norton said, That a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known under and the Prohibition taken off.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known tinder those Denominatrohs, are now iriarm-factured at Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer, which

are equal, if not superior, in Fabrick, to those made in foreign Parts. -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Manufactory is capable of being greatly" extended and improved.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House "be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better establishing, and for improving, regulating, arid extending the said Mantifaftory; ’ The Two First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a fecotid Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring: in a Bill for the better establishing a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known under

those Denominations, is established at Winchelsea, in the those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelsea,

County of Suffer.

That there are already Eighty-six Looms at Work, which have made near One Thousand Pieces, fbme of which are Eighteen or Nineteen Yards in Length.

That French Cambricks are made of the same Length, but are afterwards divided, and are called Demis. r

That upwards of £. 20,000 has been already expended in Buildings, and other Preparations, for carrying on the Manufactory.

That a Joint Stock will be necessary; because the Manufactory cannot be carried' on, to any considerable Extent, without a large Sum; and he is sure many by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this Gentlemen, who are now willing to ihbscribe largely, House, and which have not been made good by this for extending and improving the Manufactory, will not House.

advance their Money, if they are to be answerable for Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His more than they subscribe; which they must be, in case Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His of common Partnership; and that this Joint Stock Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

in the County of Suffer; and for improving, regulating, and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain Called England: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. 'Nesbitt, Mr Lloyd, and ithe Lord Cary fort, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an huipble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions that an Account be laid before this House, of all Sums of Money which have been issued

being raised, will not preclude others from entering upon the like Manufactory.

Mr. Joseph Mareteau being examined, said. That he Director in the said Manufactory; in which are

is a

already employed about 160 Spinners,. Winders, and

Weavers, the greatest Part of whom are French and

Flemish , besides Twenty-six Apprentices; and that many more are intended to be employed, especially Children.

Then Mr. Norton produced to your Committee fe-,yeraf Pieces of the said Manufacture: And,'

<Mr.Joseph Hoivard and Mr. Thomas Smith, Linen

Drapers, being shewn the said Pieces, and being in-infprmed what they colt Manufacturing, said. That they think them equal in Fabrick and Price to any they had ever seen from France: And added. That it will be necessary, to have a Stamp fixed to the Manufacture, under the Direction of an Act of Parliament to dillin-guish it from French Goods.

Mr.-Norton also produced to yonr Committee, Flax tinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tal-_grown at Winchelsea, dressed after the French Manner; low imported from Ireland; and also an Act, made in <and said, that he apprehends it may easily be cultivated First Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for to Perfection in Kent and Sussex. extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for

And the Witness further laid. That from the Num- a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported , ber.of Children they intend to take as Apprentices from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease; axe near ex-~ w *' ' ‘ piring and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Smith, Mr. Nu-

gent, Mr. Reynolds, and Sir William Meredith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved,

from the Foundling Hospital, Workhouses, and other -Places where they can be got, they shall he able, in 7’hree or Four Years, to afford this Manufacture at so , tow a Rate, that it will not be worth while for the French , to smuggle in their Cambricks.

And the said Mr. Joseph , Mr. John Stabler,

and ^siri -Bprfiard Stead, who are aMo Linen Drapers, severally said, That they believe there are not

Vol. 29.

Account; Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Sir Jarrit Smith, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon Tallow imported from Ireland and who were instructed to consider of an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending an Act, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable on Tallow imported from Ireland, to Hogs Lard and Grease; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to difeon-

Tallow inr. ported from

Ireland.

r

Marine

Forces,

Supply.

Ways

and

Means.

78 6

3'

Februarii.

A. 1764.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-in" next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

The Order of the Day being read, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being Mr. Wife proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions that the proper Officers do lay before this House, Copies of the Warrants of Commitment and Apprehension, whereby John Wilkes,

sand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for further Esquire, was apprehended, and afterwards committed to appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of tjle Tower of and also of all Informations au<J

I arhament; and for allowing His Majesty s Subjects to Examinations, whereon such Warrants were severally import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of granted

certain Places ceded to France and Spain; by the late A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties Xhat the House do now adjourn.

n c f nnif 1 k/aii I ✓ I K n« a lioKln 4*/\ \ iiiAh nnH fT»t 1 t 1 f 1 y-% -

then the House w'as also moved, that the nntryof

as they would have been liable to, if such Places had

remained in His Majesty’s Possession; be referred to the'Compiainrmade to the HoVferupon\h720tH)ay the said Committee. - - 1 - - - - --.J

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ’ontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman DickiuJonaMo acquainted the House,

that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

llefolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Holders* of the Navy and Victualling Bills, not subscribed into per Centum Annuities, agreeable to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before

of January last, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, Philip Carteret JPeb Esquire, a Member of this House, Robert Blackmore, James Watson, and John Money, by the Imprisonment of the Person of Join Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illegal Manner, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And then the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir ?ohn 7

T Mr. Bacon, of: j ?3*

t* ii r .1 xt C Sir illiam Mcvcdith* 1 e

Tellers for the Noes.’ Mr-}<*>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 40

Prayers.

Georgii

III'11 Regis, 1764.

the 31st Day of December 1762, and have not been con- A BILL for repairing and widening the Roads from jy*

vpptpH intn AnnuihPc aff-p>r Hip Rnfp rtf P a 1\pt Ffp)ihitn / 1 T n . 1

verted into Annuities, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eliimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on 31st December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed* him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Bam, in the

Parish of BomJ'ey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Dane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Hat tat, at Azobridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Bolle, Esquire, at East Tud; in the County of Southampton; w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Elivell, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Edzcard Turner, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Wedilerburn, Mr. Bacon, General A’Court, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ki/nafon, Col. Jrunn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Butler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harris, Sir Edzoard Mr. Hunter,

Mr. Onjlozc, Mr. ShifTner, Sir Charles Mordauul, Mr. Eitzherbert, Mr. While, Mr, Morton, Mr. Clive, Mr.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Buller, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Nugent, Lord George

Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Sackville, Mr. Bolle, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Walter; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Southampton, Devon, Dorset, Wilts, Surrey, Suffer, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

' Sir

Got

[C

4 Geo. Ilf.

4° — 6° Februarii.

1*1

Stan bridge La nr, Ac. Road.

Alric’j

Nat.

Sir John Ehvell reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others,

of t he County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them.

Refolred, That the Bill be committed 10 Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Major, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr.

Dyson, Mr. A my and Sir Charles Mordctunt, Mr. Built Colonel Fi/zroy, Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Paimer, Mr. Maivbcy, Mr. Wood, Mr. Toicmj LofdStrange, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Darner, Mr. Bttller, Sir William Mere-

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Air. Sh iff her, Mr. Ain , Air.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Whitlock being examined, said. That the Road leading from Lockerley Mill Stream, over Ixukerhy Green, to

Grenville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Air. Sharpe, Lord

Carysfort, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Joh , Air.

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fuller, Sir Fraiicis Vincent, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Inc in Air. llewelt, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Byde, Colonel Barre, Mr. , Lord Brownlaui

Ea/t Green Gate; and also the Road leading from the Bertie, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Luther, Mr. Morton, Sir Ar-Garden Wall of Denys Bolle, Esquire, at East Tiulerley, mine Mr. Holt, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

through Part of the several Parishes or Places of West Sir Mr. Vane, Mr.

Titherley, Buckholt, and NeatherWallop, in the said Mr. Lord

County, to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge Mr. Sir Mr. Sir

to Salisbury, are m a very ruinous Condition, narrow in Smile, Mr. Campbell, Lord Mr. Wynne: And

some Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Laws.

Which was confirmed by Mr. Robert Beauchamp and Air. William Lufman.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads

they ase to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Pari lit of Houghton in the Marsh, otherviife Holton from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the the Clay, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Parish of Romjb), to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wal- Time.

lop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Air. Mr. Gray, Mr. Bagot, Sir John,

Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of llenry Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ryder,

Jlattat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Sir Air. General

Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderlcy, in the County of Mr. Holt, Mr. White, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Baker, Southampton -, is committed; That they have Power to Mr. Major, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widen- Air. Shifsher, Mr. West, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit ing the Roads leading from Lockerley AlillStream, over Air. Slmttleioorih, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr, Lockerley Green, to East Dean Gate -, and from the Vane, Mr. Sir Edmund Mr. Fuller, Sir

Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, to the Turnpike Bong, Mr. Ilewelt, Mr. Mr. Hanbury,

Road leading from Stockbridge to Sulisbury. Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Darner, Sir William Me-

Houghtori

IndefuK*

cl nine's

Wilt.

Air. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jamas AlricAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aiorning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764. Prayers.

SIR Lobert Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling Two Shares in

V:"'

Tr

1 ’ '

ft

House, Gardens, and Premisses, late the Estate of James Delanne, deceased, in John Ferret and Robert Edmefton, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell the same, of the Town of Nutthall, in the said County of

redith, Mr. Colleton, Lord Strange, Mr. Onslow, Lord Broivnloio Bertie, Mr. Calvert, General Bojcawen, Mr, Dempster, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lascelles-, and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the West End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called Br through

the Li bert ies of Little Chester, Breadjal, Morley, Smalley, and K'uifley, over the River Erwash, in the County of

Derby; and from thence through Brinsley, Sel-

son, Eelley, and Annejley, to the Town of Mansfield, in

the County of Nottingham; and from Eajhooood aforesaid, through the said Liberty of Eqftwood, and the Liberties of Newthorp, Greajley, and Kimberley, to the West End

Derby

Road*.

V;'

*., Tallow sported 5 from V i!'reland.

,meilhe’»

V. Nat.

and apply the Aloney arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delanne: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to he limited, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Marteilhe, ot London, Merchant, was read a Second Time.

VOL. 29.

ham; and that if the Road leading from a certain new Colliery at Awsworth, in the Parish of Nutthall aforesaid, cross the said Road from Eastwood to Nutthall aforesaid, through Malls Lane and Kimberley Field, and by the South East End of the Town of WattnaU, in the Liberty of G reajley aforesaid, to join a Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to the Town of in the County of Derby, was repaired, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Public: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and w idening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House thall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the i’eme, as it

Audi appear to them, to the House: ‘ 9 Q

And

tedbury

Hoads.

Bank of England.

788 6° Februarii. 176

And it is referred to Lon! Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gray, Mr Sir

Philipps, Mr. Manbcu, Sir GeorgMr. Seymour,

Mr. Dempster, Mr. Hugo/, Sir Robert Pong, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Grant, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Burgoyne,\[.r. Sharpe,

Mr. Oficald, Mr. llarbord, Sir Richard JYancick Bamp-

fylde, Mr. Neville, Mr. CurzoMr. Mr.

Chaplin, Mr. Bailer, Mr. 1.arcades, Mr. Ir.

Wynne, Mr. Shultlcuorth, Sir Charles Mr.

Jiarvey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Sir Francis V, incent, Mr. Foley, Sir Edward M r.

Fonereau, Mr. Dorodejxvell, Mr. 11 excel t, Sir Robert Bordet/, Mr. TotCn/hend, Mr. LuMr. Bradenell, Mr.

Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, One made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the 15th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Cope Hopton being examined, said, That the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, cannot be sufficiently repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, explained, and amended; and additional Powers granted.

The Reverend Mr. Stone said, That a Part of the Roads, by the said Acts directed to be repaired, leads from Ledbury to the Parish of Bromjbcrroio, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Road continued from the said Branch, through the said Pari Hi of row, and the several Parishes of Red Murky and S/aufiton, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Staunton Swan, in the great Road leading from to the City of Gloucester; and from the said Place called Staunton Swan, through Corse till it meets the great Road leading from the said City of Gloucester, to the City of Worcester; is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow; and cannot be repaired and widened by the Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms of, and amending, the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of in the

Comity of Gloucester, to Staunton Swan in the County of Worcester, and from thence, through Corje Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester: And that Mr. Foley, Mr. Shiffner, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Doicdcjivcll, and Mr. Tracey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burton reported froip the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeih;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Nathaniel Hammond, Accountant to the Bank, and 14

Mr. Benjamin Sabbarton, one of the Cashiers, being ex* a mined, said, 'Flint the Edifice erected in Street, by the said Governor and Company, is finer Trade and Credit, together with the Parliamentary Funds transferrable there, arc so greatly increased, become too confined for the proper Dispatch of Bu fine is, and to admit of sufficient Air for the Health of the Number of Clerks and Officers, and Persons attending the re; that there are Two kinds of Stock in One Office, which is much too small for the proper Transacting the Uufincfs: And Mr. Sabbarton said. That great Inconveniences arise from the Want of more Room in the Hall, for the proper placing of their Books, in order to have recourse thereto.

Mr. Gate Morris, and Mr. John Guitton, Stock Brokers, being examined, said, 1 bat from the Number of Persons retort ing to the different Offices, which are so small and confined, as to make them very offensive, it is very difficult for them to perform their Business therein.

Mr. Hammond and Mr. Sabbarton further said, That from the Number of Persons retorting to the Bank, and the Avenues leading thereto being so very narrow, the same are become very dangerous to Passengers; and, from the Contiguity of several Houses, most of which are Public I loufes, that in same of Fire, the Bank, together with the Papers and Property belonging to the said Governor and Company, would be in great Danger of being destroyed.

Mr. Robert Taylor, Surveyor, being examined, said,

That most of the Houses round the Bank are either Taverns, Coffee Houses, or other Public Houses, some of which ad join to the fame, and are very old and rotten; that in same of Fire, the Old and New 3 per Cent. Offices mud inevitably be burnt, and the whole Fabrick be in imminent Danger; that the said Inconveniences would in a great n tea fit re be removed, if the said Governor and Company wore enabled to open a Way for Carriages from Cornhillto the Bank, and to purchase the Ground, Houses, and Buildings, on the North Side of 77 treadncalle Street, from the Bank East-ward, quite through to Bartholomew' Lane; and also the Ground, Houses, and Buildings, on the Well Side of BarlholomexvLane, from the South End of the said

Lane, Northwards, to the House in the Possession of Mr. Holden, for the Purposes of lay ing so much of the said Ground into the public Highway in

Street, as will range in a Line from the Bank, to the South Weli Angle of Saint Bartholomew's Church, and for the Purpose of enlarging the Buildings of the Bank on the Residue of the said Ground.

And Mr. Taylor further said, That the said Governor and Company have purchased some of the said Houses, have contracted, and are in Treaty for several others; hut some Difficulties have arose, with respect to some of the Estates being entailed, others in Infants, and for Want of proper Titles being made to others; and that the said public Improvements cannot be carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Governor ami Company of the Bank of England to pnrclmfe Houses and Ground, for opening a Passage for Carriages from to the Bank, and

making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious:

And that Mr. Burton, Mr. Major, Sir William Baker, and Mr. Met/rickBurrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. j

Mr. Sergifonpresented to the House, according to Jltfl

Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 23th Year of his late Majesty, for repair* ing the Roads, from the North End of Mailing Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in Soffit, to the Road leading from the North End of to the 'ltd I

Bam I

e

H

4 Geo. II I.

6° Februa.

789

! 1'

:i» Hie

k;

iL-

iW

,j. ;i;

til*

Barn in Lezces aforesaid: And the same Was received j

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

ttorMing

lurficiurt*

Which last mentioned Evidence was confirmed by a Member present at the Committee.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act Lord Brownlotv Bertie presented so the House, ad- of the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and incJofing the repairing and widening several Roads therein described. Open and Common Fields, Meadows, aitd Common loading from the Town of in the County

Fen, in the Pari fit of Horbling, in the County of Lin- as relates to the First District of the Roads

e> keftniry

Rood.

coin; and for draining and improving the said Fen And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Codring ton reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of in the County of Gloucester-, and also the Petition of the several Trustees named for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town t>f Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, therein

particularly mentioned; and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, artd Freeholders, Tradesimm, and others, refilling in or near to the said Town of whose

Names are thereto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees named and appointed for the first District of Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofannb Gate; and from IJa-beli's Elm to the Top of Gotheringfc 1 lift, in the County of Gloucester; and from 'Tewkesbury to a Farm House called thC Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction-poll in the Parish of Ripple, and to SFord Brook; and from Bveedon to Eckingfon Bridge, in the County of Worcester-, and from Tewkesbury In Wainloads Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Elf one Church; and from the Market I louse in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pew/don Aflt, in the said County of; and of several

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them to the House; And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, so much of the said Act as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, was read: And,

Mr. John Cole, Treasurer to the Trustees for the said First District, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected in the said District, and other Sums raised by Subscription, have been expended in amending the said Roads; and that they are still in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and the Money now due on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Tolls are increased on that Part of the Road leading from Tewkesbury to Gate,

in the Parish of Stanway, and the Term and Powers, with respect to the said First District, be further continued and enlarged.

And the Witness further said. That the Road leading from Comb Hill to Norion M ill, in the Road leading from Gloucester to Tewkesbury, being about Two Miles in Length, is very ruinous, and, in some Places, very narrow; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

William Codrington being examined, confirmed the

above Evidence with regard to the Condition of the Roads, and Impracticability of repairing the last mentioned Road by the Laws in being.

Vol, 29.

therein mentioned; and for amending the Road from a Place called Comb Mill, to a Bridge at or near Norton Mill, being Part of the Road front Tewkesbury to the City of Gloucester: And that Sir William Codring-ton and Air. Nichoj/oti Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callinglon, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Dufon, Mr. Ryder, Mr. West, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Grey, Mr. Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Blackfone, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.

Parker, Colonel Hot ham, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mor-dauvt, Mr. It ewe it , Sir George Mr. Filzherbert. Sir Edwtird Deering, Mr. H Colonel Fitzroy,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sir

Mr. Shiffner, Lord George Mr. Fonereau,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Buller, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Culvert-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colonel Fitzroy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Mutfoand Lothingland, in

the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Cla-rering, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Fitzlierbertpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the West End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge Gate, over the River Enoash, in the County of Derby, and from thence through Eafwood, to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: and from Eajhcood aforesaid, to the West F,ud of the Town of Nutlhall, in the said County of Notting ham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Callineton

Roads.

Mutford

and

Lothingland

Poor.

Loddon

and

Clavering

Poor.

Derby

Roads.

Mr. Holt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of in the County of

Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First 'Fime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds in the Parish of Helgay, in the County of Norfolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

there

Blything

Poor.

Helgay

Drainage

Nonnen'*

Nat.

Whale

Fishery.

79°

6° Februarit.

A\ 176^4. i

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Folio 5. Line 12. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the flonfe.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Egbert Konnen, was read the Third Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing

Ordered, That M r. Maivbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others his Majesty’s British Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting the Bounties granted and continued, by several Acts made in the Sixth Year of King George the First, the 13th, 22d, and 28th Years of his ktte Majesty, upon all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery; which Bounties have Continuance till the 25th Day of December next, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and alleging, that since the granting of the said Bounties, a great many Ships have been fitted out from both Parts of the united Kingdom, and a great Number of British Sailors have been trained up in, and employed upon the said Fishery, and several of our Manufacturers have been instructed, and are now constantly engaged in the making of the proper Utensils and Iidlruments necessarily used therein; and that if Provision was now made, to continue the Bounties for a further Term, it would give great Vigour to the F.il'orts of the Persons concerned, and greatly increase the Number of Adventurers: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises hito Considerat ion; and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the I Ioufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Major, Mr Sir

Thomas Cave, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust, Mr. KijnaJton, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Tmonjhend, Sir Charles Manhunt, Mr. Stephens, Lord Strange, Mr. Bailer, Mr. burn, Mr. Harris, Sir John Mr. , Sir

George Savile, Mr. Morton, Mr. Loumdes, Mr. Black-Jtone, Mr. Coutts, Mr. BullerMr. Elliot, Mr. Pratt, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Stanley, Lord Mr.

Heicett, Colonel llarre, Mr. Mr. West, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Neville, Colonel Mr. Nugent,

Sir Edicard Boynton, Mr. Henniker, Mr.

Mr. Sand) is, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mr. Mon-

tagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Byde, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr . Staunton, Mr. Whatcly, Mr. Sergifon, Colonel Irwin,

Mr. Jones, Mr. O/baldc/fon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. F 'onerean -, and all the Members who serve for the City of London-, and all the Merchants of the House:

Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's StrtiglUsand the Greenland Seas, with their re-l'pe&ive Names and Burthens, from whence they were Pitted out, and atwhat Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and all'o what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; in the Year 1763; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of

and U,

Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Wliale Fishery, to Davis's Slrcightsand the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported; from the 10th of October

1762, to the 10th of October 1763; he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accow Account of the Number and Weight of Whale Fins, WWrf* and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland into England, from Ch rift mas 1755, to 1763;

distinguishing each Year.

A Mediage from the Ixnds, by Mr. Graves and Mr-Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to f he Bill, intituled, An Act Heck'm;* for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, IikWm Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the county of ,

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Cullingwood, Secretary to the I lospital for the Maintenance and Edu- Fonndfe. cation of exposed and deserted young Children, attend- Hoed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1762, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December

1763, inclusive; with the Balance then remaining:

And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices, or returned to their Parents, between the said 31st Day of December 1762, exelulive, and the said 31st Day of December 1763, inclusive: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died between the 3 id Day of December 1762, exclusive, and the 3 ill Day of December 1763, inclusive: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians on the 3 ill Day of December 1763: And also,

N° 5. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 3 ill Day of December 1763, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1764, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Selhon; ayd the said Eliimate is as followeth; viz.

An

4 Ge<x III.

6° Febmarii.

791

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March ij6o, from the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, to the 31st Day 1764, inclusive.

4

THE Number of Children living on the 31st Day of December 1763, as per Account herewith delivered, is

5>*i3

THE Charge of maintaining whom, including Clothing, Physic, and all other incidental Expences, hath, by Experience, been found to amount to £. 7. 10. annually for each Child, amounting to the Sum of - . -; - -

Note. Beside which, there have been taken into the Hospital 67 Children, who were under the most distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whose Parents died in His Majesty’s Service; whereof 10 have been disposed of, and 57 are now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for out of the private Donations made to this Hospital, and are not, nor ever have been, charged to the Public Account.

3d February, 1764.

Signed by Order,

Thomas Secretary.

J £-38,347' 1.0.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of That all Persons interested in, or intitled unto, such of the iloufe. the Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling

Offices, or for Transports, made outon or before the.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- 31 ft Day of December 1762, as have ndt been converted

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to into Annuities after the Rate of £.4. per Centum per whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply Annum, in pursuance of an Act of the Iaft Session of granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Com- Parliament, who shall, on or before the First Day of mittee had directed him to report to the House; which March next, carry the fame, after having had the lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the ' Interest due thereupon to the 25th Day of March Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as 1763, inclusive, computed and marked upon the said followeth; viz. Bills at the Navy or ViShialling Office respectively, to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, to be marked, and That the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand certified by him, or hisraymaster, to the Governor and Poiuids be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and Company of the Bank of England, shall be intitled discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of unto, and have an Annuity transferable at the Bank of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, England, for the Principal and Interest due on the said An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bills, after the Rate of £.4. per Centum per Annum, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One commencing from the said 25tliDay of March 1763, in . thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and for fur- ' lieu of all other Interest, "until redeemed by Parliament; ther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session the said Annuities to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; of Parliament; and for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects and the Sums which 111 all be issued out of the Sinking. to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce Fund, for Payment of the said Annuities, to be, from: of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Time to Time, replaced out of the next Aids to be

Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties granted in Parliament. '

as they would have been liable to, if such Places trad > The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, remained in llis Majesty’s Possession; and charged upon upon the Questton put thereupon, agreed to by the the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of House.

Parliament.

The said Resolut ion. being read a Second Time, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wm *nd

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by to retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mow*

the House. . to consider further of Ways and MeansHar raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now Tead.

I Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- ’ And the said Order being read accordingly;

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Mr. Alderman took the Chair of the Com-

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him raittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported frogi the Committee, That they had uiade aPcqgrefii io-the Matter to

9 P - them

to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: \\ here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 39.

79?

6° — 7<’ Februurii.

I 764*

Anftoer

to Ad.'rcfs for »n Account.

Ladaveze’s

Estatea.

them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House Will, - upon Morning next,. resolve itself ,intp a Copmittee of the whole House, to coitfider farther of Ways and Means for railing tile Supply granted tp’His Meetly.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House,' that their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty hpd, commanded him 40 acquaint this House, that He( will give Directions accordingly.

r "

The House was moved, that the Petition of Anthony Ixideveze, of tl^e City of D Esquice, formerly Lieutqnat Colonel of His late Majesty’s 19th Regiment of Foot, which was presented to the House upon Thursday lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Mr. Chancellor of die Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as t.bev shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nugent and Mr. Morton do prepare, and bring in, -the fame.

Wilkes. A Motion was, made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Enreclions that the proper Officers do lay before this House, a Copy of the Warrant of Apprehepfion, whereby John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, wps apprehended, and the Informations on which it was granted;

The House was moved, That the Entry of the Complaint made to the House, upon the 20th Day of January lad, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, PhitipCarteret Webb, EsquirO, a Member of this House, Robert Blackmore, James Watson, and John Money, by the Imprisopntent of the Person of Esquire,

then a Member of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illega^Manner, might be read.

And the same bting read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the -Question, by leaving out the Words " and the Informations on which it was granted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question thus amended, being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions that the proper Officers do lay before this House, a Copy of the Warrant of Appreheufion, whereby John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, was apprehended;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, J Mr }

Tellers fer tire Noes, { j "7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Marine

f#rcc4.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rgfolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning uext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iG

House, upon the Bill for the Regulation oflliaMajefiy’J Marine Forces, while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisjg 70 d;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1764. Prayers.

A BILL for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of iu

the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Pejidvea, That the Bill be committed to Mr Lord Orwell, Mr. IJeyd, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Lord MidleJo Mr. Fuller, (General Bofcazoen, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Scudamore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Lord Cole,

raine, Mr. Harbord. General Mr. Ryder,

Sir John Ghmae, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mr. Potion,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynajhn, Lord

Mr. Hume, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Shaftoc, Lord John

Cavendish, Mr Archer, M r.Mr.

foil. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mr. Waller,

Mr. Bull, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hurley, Mr.

Mr. Tauni/Jiend, Mr. Damer, Mr. Thomas Sir Thomas Cave , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock^ the Speaker’s Chamber.

M

m

A Bill- for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, AJton, ami An,

Darnell. to the North East End of in the M

County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bazvtry to Sheffield, was read a Second Time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Mellish, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Archer, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sir George Heath-

cote, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Burrell, Lord Dattme,

Mr. Montagu, Colonel Irzvin, M Mr Mr. Pennant, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. jhend. Lord GrcvileMontagu, M r. Mr. Ward,

Mr Molyneux, Mr Whichcot, Mr. Martin, Lord Midi:-ton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. WhitzcorthMr. Mr.

Worjley, Mr. Ki/naJ/on, Si r Lionel P

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr.

Cafzvell, Mr. Totvn/hend, Mr. Mr. Bull, Mr.

Drax, Mr. Waller, Lord Winterton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, Derby, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

T*c

Wink I foil

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from Mi Rotherham, in the County of to the present

Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chesterfield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jlnsetl,

Mr. Harbord, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Burrell, Sir George I. onge, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Codring ton, Mr. Kuna-fan, Mr. Upton, Me. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Bridg-

man, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. , Sir Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Scot, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rytltr,

Mr. WorjUy, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Coventry, Mr

Mr. Onjlcii', Mi-. Thomas Mr. Wader,

Mr.

GoDgle"

4 Geo. III.

o.

Februarii.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitwo Mr. Rujkouf, Sir.

George Smile, Mr. Norris, Lord Dozoue, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brude nett. Sir George Mr.

Shiftier, Sir Edmund. Thomas, Mi*. Lord

Brozcnlcw Bertie;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, and

Lincoln: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edmet^on, Mr. fletoeti, 9ir Etfumrd ‘Dderhtg, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Wifon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Whitzabrth; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the dock, ih. the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tinflry

JEtoad.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road frotn Tinftey, in the County of York, to the 1'own of Doncaster, in the said County, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, to whofti ' the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; Capital Burgestes, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Ih- habitants of tire Town, and others rcfirling within the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wqjl'niofer

land, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the thid Petition; and had directed him

Small Debts.

Mr. Satidijs, Nix. Cocks, Mr Martin, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. to ,.eport the fame, as it appeared to them,' together

Burrell, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. JnikinJoti, Su JarntSmith, t^e Refohttions of the Committee thereupon, to

Mr darker, Lord Midietoy, Mr. Harvey, Si r Charlest}ie j-joufe. anj he read the Report irt his Place; and

Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. iftJon, Mr. Harbord, l-ord afterwards delivered it In at the Cleric’s Table: Where

L.

; j ‘

v.i

Grey, Mr. Montagu, Sir Mr. Bridgman, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Butler,

Mr. Webb, Mr. MellijhMr. Waller, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Darner, Mr. J MolynMr. Drax, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir George Mr. Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Rushout, Lord Doume, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Heathcote, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Norris, Mr. Scot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Mr.

Bailerand all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, , Derby, and Lancaster:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Samford . A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk, w as read a Second Time.

Refobced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lloyd., Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sir John Glyune,

Mr.Scudamore, General Townshend, Mr Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys. Sir Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Coventry), Mr. Hamilton, General Bof-cawen, Mr Harbord, Lord Mr. Mr.

Cafwell, Mr. Pennant, Sir George Savile, Mr. Penton, Lord G revile Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Lord John Cavendish, Nir. Harley, M r. George Onslow, Mr. Thomas Town/heud, Mr. Waller, Mr. , Mr. Vane,

Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bull, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Darner, Mr. Lane, Mr. Holt, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Ilervey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Butler, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the same was read; and is as folloWeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Wildman, being examined, said, That in the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, there is a Court of Record held once in Three Weeks* by the Mayor, Recorder, and Two Senior Aldermen, lor the Trial of Actions under the Value of Forty Pounds; that the Proceedings of the said Court are very tedious and expfcnfive; the Exjrence in a common Action, will sometimes come to Four or Five Pounds; whereby many Persons, who are often obliged to give Credit for small Sums bf Money, aredifabled, or intimidated from applying for Relief in the said Court; that a Cause cannot be brought to Ill’ue in the said Court in less than Nine Weeks* and is frequently Half a Year before it is. determined.

Mr. James Wiljbn confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.;

fiejolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Parish of Kifkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland: And that Mr. Upton, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. John Robinson, and Sir James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

pk-,),. A Billto continueanAft, pafledintheioth Year of the Two Teonie* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for; fcw. continuingan Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign .1 of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An

.Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies ,or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preferring the Harbou/, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Martin, Mr. Webb, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Onjhno, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kynafon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Harbord, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mr. Ilolt, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Bagot, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fairfax,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Fuller, Mf. Waller, Mr.

Lord Midleton, Mr. BurreSir Edmund Mr.

'J Rushout,'Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

jfeivis, Mr. Parker, Sir George , Mr. Sandys, Vox,.

Nir.Vane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Staindnrp Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of BoJ'mere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Orwell, Mr. Lbyd, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. DyJbn, Mr. Harbord, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Pennant,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Penton, Mr, Edmonjtone, Mr. Staunton, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr Lord

Winterton, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Darner, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Drax, Mr. Rushout, Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Archer, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bull, Lord Midle-

ton, Mr, Fonereau, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Hume, Mr; West, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Tomlinjand all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of S/ftblk, Norfolk, and

Effxt

Staindrop

Inciosure#

Bofmere

and

Claydon

Poor;

*794 7 ° Februam. . 1764.

Essex:And the/are to "meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tallow , (A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, A flirt ants, and '"'from Commonalty of the Society of Merchants Adventurers Ireland, within the City'of Bristol, under their Common Seal: And. also,

..'ditto. A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Fellowship . _ . of the incorporated Society of Chandlers and Soap-makers within the City of under their Common

Seal:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Act for discontinuing the Duties upon Iri Tallow hath been of great Benefit to the Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be continued for such further Time as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Helgay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Drainage, the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds in the Parish of Jlclgay, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Blind'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. for establishing and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, for aDivifioo of certain real Estates, in the County of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Sire tie, Mr. Hexeelt, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Cafurll, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Harvey, Sir Smith, Mr.

Adams, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Kynaston, General Bofcnwen, Mr. Bull, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir George MontgomeryMetham, Mr. Jennings, Lord Orwell, Mr. llervey, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. S Lord Montagu, y*r. Harris, Sir Robert I^ong, Mr. Lord

j'hn Cavendish, Mr. Lord Robert Mr.

Coventry, Lord Midicton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. 1 and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Nottingham, Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Laneajhr: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Miifor.l Mr. Mohmeux reported from the Committee, to through whom the Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clergymen, HaHemere Freeholders, and others, living in and near the Boroughs ' <5f Haslemere and Guildford, and the Town of Godai-

ming, and the Parish of Witler/, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Surren, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Iptne, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place-, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'l able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Bryant being examined, said, That the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Town of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Haslemere, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Lippock and Rake, in the County of Southampton, is very narrow, crooked, and ruinous; and cannot be repaired by the l.uws in being.

That if this Road was fuflicieptly repaired and widened, it would be of great*pdf>iic'Utility, as Travellers would be ttereby enabje’d to avoid passing over Hind-heady tHifcnis a very lleep Hill and fandv Road; and that the intended Road would open a Way to a great QuantRywtfTimber, which cannot no\V be carried in wets

Mr. & avis being examined, confirmed Mr.

BryanPdence; and said, That, he hath furveved both the Tnoacfs; that the intended Road will be nearer to PortJ’nl'oufh by Three Furlongs, and a Mile and a Half

nearer to Chichester; that it is chiefly level; and that

Four Horses would draw a Carriage this Way, that would require Six to draw it over Hind-head.

That he hath fpokc with many Proprietors of Machines and Waggons, which travel from lumdon to PortJ'mouth, who are all desirous that this Road should be repaired by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, and over Car- penter’s Heath, to the Portsmouth Road between Lip-pock vend Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton: And that Mr. Molyneux, Mr.

Carteret Webb, Mr. Peter Burrell, and Sir Francis Vincent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to Martelo whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ka, Act for naturalizing John Murteilhe, of London, Merchant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was road t he Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. \

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie he added to the Gentle- Dora men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act made in the 2.6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road loading from to

Downs, in the County of Kent; and also, for amending, wklening, and repairing the Road leading from and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe, in the said County.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Kingsw Traders, and others, residing in or near the Town of "t*1 $ Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, was presented to the; House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented for a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 17th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between Kingston upon Hull and Beverley; and also, for enabling the Trustees under the same Act, to amend the Road from Bridge, in the said Petition named, to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said County; and fotting forth, that the Petitioners apprehend, it may be very expedient that the Term and Powers granted by the said recited Act should be enlarged; but that it would be a manifell Injury' and Hardship, not only to the Petitioners, but to all Persons uling the great public Highway between Kingston upon Hull and Beverley aforesaid, that the Surplus oft he Tolls collected upon the said Highway, by virtue of the said Act,

should be applied to the repairing of a Road which leads only to the Angle Village of Cottingham, and cannot open a Communication to any considerable Town, ‘

or

i' 4 Geo. III.

T "

i: or to any other great Road whatsoever; and that the

Difficulties dated in the said recited Petition, concern* j ing the getting Gravel, and other Materials, for re-

pairing the said Road between Kingston upon Hull and Beverley, are in a great^measure imaginary, as it is t- generally in dry Seasons only that the said Road is fit

to be repaired; and in such Seasons, when Gravel and 1 Materials are wanted for the said Road, they have been

easily obtained; and that the Inhabitants of Collingham having, ever since the Commencement of the said recited Act, paid the full Tolls thereby granted, is no Reason w by the said Road from Bridge to

Collingham aforesaid should be repaired out of the Produce of the Tolls collected upon the whole Road between Kingston upon Hull and Beverley aforesaid; and that the Petitioners also apprehend, that it would be highly beneficial to the Public, if the Surplus of the Tolls collected upon the said Road was to be applied towards repairing the great public Highway leading from Beverley aforesaid to the City of; and taking Notice, that a Petition hath been already prelected to the House for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Road between Beverley and York cannot be effectually repaired by the Aid of moderate Tolls to be collected thereupon, unless ‘ the Surplus of the said Tolls to be collected upon the said Roads between Kingston upon and Beverley aforesaid, or a considerable Part thereof, be also applied i> ' that Purpose; which cannot be done, if the said Road Horn Xczoland Bridge to Collingham aforesaid be A allow-' to be repaired out of the Produce of the said

Tolls: And therefore praying, That so much of the said recited Petition, as applies for a Power to be given: to the acting Trustees under the said recited Act, to

amend and repair the Road leading from Bridge aforesaid, ro the West End of the Town of

Cottingham aforesaid, m.-y be rejected.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the; Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition

; L. of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

named in or appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King G - George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the

t|,> Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred.

count Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ^" Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England, from Christmas 1762, to 1763.

ilitia The House being informed, that the Agent to the ficates. Clerk of the Peace for the County of Montgomery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to an Order of the House of the 16th Day of December last, for the proper Officer for the: several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford, Stafford,

Sussex, Nottingham, Northampton, Hereford, Rutland, P' Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, to lay before this

House, Copies of the Certificates mentioned in the said Order.

And then he withdrew, f And the Title of the said Return W'as read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members Qf the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ineis The Lord Oncell presented to the House, according

"d to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in , . the Hundreds of Colneis and in the County of

Vol. 29.

795

Suffolk: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned, till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being Tead;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of such Alterations and Amendments, as may be proper to be made in such Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom: and certain Duties upon ail Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lot-reries, to be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow. Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Februa^ii;

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, ! 764.

Prayers.

SIR George Sav.’te presented to the House, according Crdei, a Hi! 1 lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Pasture Ground in the Lord ill ip of Aldboroughin H in the County of

York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Richard Symons, an Infant, lately called Richard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Symons, pursuant to the Will of Richard Symons, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hezvett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called; and

from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall,t hrough the Town of Sutton in Afiifield, to the Mansfield and Nezvark Turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Shenooood, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Q, A Petition

7" — 8° Fe

Call of the House.

Duty on Cyder and Ferry.

A'dlv.TOUjh

Inclosure.

Peers*

Name.

Alfreton

&c.

Roads.

796

Bnmcote, \ Petition of this Manufifcfturers and Artificers of the Town of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto "" ’ subscribed, on the behalf of the Poor Manufacturers and Artificers of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented for a Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from

Old House, through TroicelI lice ft on, Wood-

house, Kilbufn, and B'ilper to Lane End, and from Hqffqck Lane End to llkefton aforesaid; and from

Troioell aforesaid, through to Nottingham;

and that the Petitioners apprehend, that in same the said Bill shall pass into a Law, it will have great Tendency to relieve the poor Manufacturers of the Town of Nottingham, from the great Hardfiiips they have for fcve-ral Years tail pad lain under, through the exorbitant Price of Coals, there being many Collieries near the Road proposed by the said Petition to be repaired: And therefore praying, That tire fold Bill prOposed by the said Petition may pals into a I^aw.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, llkefton, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham and whofa

Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir George Sarnie, reported from Hie Committee, to k lure, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Skcftting, in Holderness, in the County of

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William A few, who is a Minor, without a Guardian, and possessed of One Acre and Three

Roods of Land; and also,----- — who is a

Sailor, and is out of the Nirigdom, who is possessed of One Moiety of 28 Acres and Two Roods; and also except Robert Bennington, Who is a Quaker, and refused to sign any thing relating to Tythes, and who is possessed of Three Roods of Land; and that the whole Lands, within the said Township, amount to about 1935 Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and mkde several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House-; and he read the Report in his Place; And afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table* Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quaction severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Commissioners for putting the Act in Exception, to take bn Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be itigroflfed.

Rochdale The Ix>rd Strange reported from the Committee, to to whom the Petition of Joftas ef in

®"rn*y the County of York, Esquire, was referred, That the

Koa4" Committee had examined the Matter of the Taid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;'and is as followeth; m.

To prove die Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to BurtdeyK in the County of Lancaster, tvas read: And,

A. 1754.

Mr. Alexander Fothergill being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, a competent Number of the Trustees met, and proceeded to put the said Act in Execution; and borrowed £.500 of Mr. Joftas upon the Credit of the 1'olls; which Sum, together With Interest for Five Years, still remains due to the said Mr. Mor ley.

That the Witness saw the Deed for the Security of the said Money executed by the Parties, and that there is no Power given to the said Mr. Morley to enter upon the Turnpikes or Toll-houses.

And being asked how the said Money had been applied

He said, That £. 400, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing Part of the said Road, and in paying Officers’ Salaries.

And he further said. That there were, before the passing of the said Act, several parallel Roads leading from Rochdale to Burnley, one of which Roads is described by the said Act as being Part of the Road from Burnley to Halifax; but the Trustees apprehending that the Act did not determine the Identity of the Road, fixed upon another Road, upon which a loll Bar was erected, and Duties collected, at the Time of borrowing the said £.500; since which, several Doubts have arisen, with Respect to the Course and Identity of the said Road. Then,

Mr. Laurence Lloyd, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, foid, That a Meeting of the Trustees was appointed for the 12th Day of June 1760; but a Efficient Number not appearing, he gave Notice, as required by the said Act, for the Trustees to meet on a subsequent Day; but no Trustees meeting on that Day, he appointed another Meeting; at which likewise no one appeared; and that there has been no Meeting of the Trustees ever since.

Then the Witness produced to your Committee a Book, Containing the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Trustees; by which it appeared, that the above Meeting was to have been on the 12th Day of June 1760, and not on the 20th, as mentioned in the Petition by' Mistake.

And the Witness further foid. That he never attempted afterwards to give any further Notice; the Turnpikes being pulled down, he knew not where to put up the Notice of Meeting.

And both the Witnesses said, That some of the Trustees are dead, and others, upon Account of the Doubts and Difficulties attending the putting iii Execution the said ACT, have declined acting; and, That that Part of the Road upon which no Money has been laid out, is dill in a ruinous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster. And that the Lord Strange and Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Broumloiv Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the 1^ Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Smd made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie mad the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliv ered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

a Second

8° Febfuar.

Tallow

imported from I' Ireland.

Account; Beef used for the Navy.

: Importation >.: of Salt

Provisiom.

pdV ’

5!-.

Ir

V;

i:

Accounts;

Beavc-rSkins,

kc.

Hits.

.Whale Finf, See-

4 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

191

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the free Importation of Tallow, Ilogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Prices paid for Beef, of the Produce of this Kingdom, for Victualling His Majesty’s Navy, from the Year 1760 to this Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question heing propo-fed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 18th Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Filli taken by Foreigners, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 20th Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, " An Additional Act agaiulithe Importation of Foreign Cattle," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question heing put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

120.

122.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomh/ns, from the Commissioners of the Ctilloms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Beaver Skins imported into and exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; with the Amount of the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Beaver Wool exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England, from Christmas 1759 to 1763;

distinguishing each Year, and to what Places: And also,

An Account of the Weight of Whale Fins, and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland into England, from Chri/itnas 17^ to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved anion git the . other Papers of this Session,

Vol. 29.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Woollen Drapers, and Hefiers of Great Sec. was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have carefully perused and examined Mr. Hercules Williams's Scheme and PropofaJ for preventing the very injurious Practice of carrying Wool, Yarn, &'c. from England and Ireland, to France, Spain, and Holland; and think the same well calculated to answer the several very desirable and useful Purposes therein set forth; and alleging, that the small Ships of War stationed on the Coatt of England and Ireland, to prevent Wooll being carried to the aforesaid Countries, have proved very infufttcieut for the intended Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiibs into Consideration, and grant Relief therein.

Ordered, That tlje said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Smuggling

Ordered, Nemine contnjdicenle

That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the High Price Causes of the present high Price of Provisions; and to of report their Opinion thereupon to the House: Provision*.

And a Comm ittee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Sir Janies Dashwood, Mr. A'agent. Lord Strange, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harris, General Conway , Mr. Jackson, Sir George Mr. Alderman

Bedford, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Harvey, Ix>rd M idle ton, Mr. Thomas Touy/hend, Mr. lane, Mr.

Duller, Lord Barrington, Mr. Southwell, Lord North,

Mr. Hanbury, Lord Orwell, Mr. James Harris, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hereelt, Lord

Thomond, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. L Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cadagan, Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Stanley, Sir Walter WagstaffeRagot, Mr. Hunter, Sir Walter Blacket,

Air. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mt Lord Bivxn-

loxv Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Daio Mr. Fuller,

Mr. On/low, Mr. Foley, Sir Alexander Mr.

Robiufon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Shutllrworth, Mr. Eliot, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Whitworth, Air.

Byde, General Bq/cawen, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cocks, Air.

Rice, Lord Fife, Mr. Clive, Lord Allen, Sir William Meredith, Doctor Hoy, Sir Jarrit Smith: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And all who come are to have Voices,

A Petition of Thomas Scrope, Gentleman, was pre- Petition fented to the House, and read. ot

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T- Si:roFe-Table.

Ordered, Nemine conlradicente.

That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the High Price Causes of the present high Price of Hay, Straw, Oats, ot Coals and Candles; and to report their Opinion there- iy‘ c' upon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Blackstone, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Lord

'North, Mr. Hervey, Lord Gage, Mr. Rigby, Lord

Strange, Mr. Toioif/hend, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Harris,

Doctor Hay, Mr. Pye, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Burrell, Mr,

Whichcot, Mr. Bull, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Harry Powlett, Mr. Sandys, Ix>rd Orwell, Mr.

Mr. Grenville, Air Bacon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Harvey, Kir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wedderbnrn, Afr.

Sir John Philipps, Mr Kynatfan, Sir William Codrington,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Dourtefcell, Mr. Archer, Sir Edward Doering, Mr. Rfttler, Mr. West .'Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Air. Cut, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Edmonjione, General A'.Court, Mr.

Cornewall, Sir Charles Kcmys Tyhte, Mr. Waicot, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Charles

Mor daunt. Air. Lowndes, Colonel Irvin, Mr. Clayton,

ord

798

8° — 90 Febrmrii.

A. 1764.

Duty on Cyder and Ferry.

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. IVilbraham, Colonel Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord Thornond, Sir

Lord Midleton, Lord Fife, Lord Winter ton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tlieClock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Cornczvall, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of such Alterations and Amendments, as may be proper to be made in such Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several addi-tidnal Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excile on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of July 1764, instead of the Composition authorized to be made by the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Duty thereby granted uponCyder and Perry confirmed in the Private Families of the Makers thereof, a Composition be allowed after the Rate of Two Shillings per Annum lor each Person, of or above the Age of Eight Years, in such Families respectively.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time for the Payment of the Duties charged on Cyder and Perry, limited by the said Act to the Space of Six Weeks, be prolonged to the Space of Six Months.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.4 . Mr. Aderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, Tha they had received a Prop fal from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Matter referred to the said Committee; and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that tjiey may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . I Ioufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing th&Supply grrvnted to His Majesty.

And tljcn the Ilo.use adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lo’gm

Afllby

Iucfoluft.

yovis, 90 die;

Anno 40 Georgii III. *! Regis, 1764

Prayers.

QR D ERE D, That Mr. Howard be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Lady of the Manor of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, and of several Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby aforesaid.

Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Wm Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms of and amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford-, and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of berroic, in the County of Gloucester, to Staunton Swan, in the County of Worcester; and from thence through Corfc Laivn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. llarbord presented to the House, according to -

Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing so much of nrj

Moor or Common, called Radley Mas lies v ithin the

Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Cleres, tifhal Tuddcnham011 the Part of North Tuddenham, and

Bell-Hot fcHall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Waites within the said Manors and Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harvard presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Afiby, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in for repairing the Road from Derby to Mansfield i and that the Road leading from the said intended Road from the East End of SmawLiberty, over Heanor

Common, to a Lane in Shipley Liberty, called the Field Lane, and from thence to the Road upon Shipley Common, leading from llaflock Lane to is in a

ruinous Condition; and that if Provision was made in the said Bill fer repairing and widening the said Road, it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Country in general: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir George x' He, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Edmund Dham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Glover, Mr. Pye, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Luttrell, Sir

Richard

Ledgfn A&by Inctelwe, I

Dflty

Road*.

Bideford

Roads.

Ladeveie’s

Estates.

4 Geo. III.

9° Fehruar

Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

cot, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ryder, Col. Fitzrby, Mr Fuller, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Edmonstone, Mr. Parker, Lord Mr.

Jhend, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hamit, Lord ton, Mr. Penton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pye, Mr. Brand, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Morton, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. John Harris, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Knight, Mr Forreand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and York': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of fereral Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Monkleigh, Fritheljioke, Langlree, Little Torrington, Peters, Marland, Padjtow, Shebear, Black Torrington, Filligh, Milton,

Newton, Sitcomb, and Abots Bickington, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of themselves and others. Occupiers of Land aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition from the Mayor, Recorder, and Inhabitants of the Town of Bit!-‘ford, in the County of Devon, hath been presented to this House, foraTurn-pike Road from the West End of the said Town of Bideford, through Buckland Brew to Thornhill Head, and from thence to Woodford Bridge, and from the said West.End of Bideford, through Monkleigh to theljioke Stone, there to branch off one Road to tree Common, through Marland Town, to Sheepwash, which is about Nine Miles from Fritheljioke Stone, the other Road to Stebross, through Slarifi Moor, to Buck-land Filleigh Cross, and to Sheepwufi, which, from theljioke Stone, is about Twelve Miles, and the I'wo Roads run parallel, and not above Two Miles afuuder; and alleging, that the Petitioners are at a great Expence in procuring Lime, being the only Manure in that Country to improve their Lands; that there are three Lime Kilns in the Parishes of Monkleigh and Loner afs, and lay on the River Terudge, known by the Names of Lancrafs, Annerie, and the nearest of which is between Three and Four Miles from Bideford, and no Connexion with the Town of Bideford, to which Kilns the Petitioners are obliged to resort for their Lime; and that the Petitioners are informed that a Toll Gate is intended to be erected at Town,

by Means of which the Petitioners will be deprived of the Benefit of going to the said Lime Kilns, without paying the Toll, though they will not travel above a Quarter of a Mile on the said Turnpike Road, which will be a great Detriment to the Improvement of Lands, and a very great Expence to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners Servants frequently let out one Day, and are obliged to tarry all Night at the Kilns, and return the next Day, sometimes without their Lime; therefore, if the said Petition passes into a Law, and Toll Gates are erected at Monkleigh, or any other Part of the Road through which Horses or Carriages that go for Lime are obliged to pay the Toll, it will increase a greater Expence on the Manure than the Petitioners can afford: And therefore praying that all Horses or Carriages going to the said Lime Kilns of Lancrafs, Annerie, and Rid, may be exempt and freed from paying any Toll at the said Gate intended to be erected at Monkleigh, or any other Gate to be erected through which the Petitioners must pass to go to the said Lime Kilns; and for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Ro» versiou in Fee of certain. Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Matthew Doivdall, a Papist, deceased, expec-

Vol. 29.

799

taut upon the Death of his Three Grandsons without Issue Male, and for veiling the fume in Anthony -veze, of the City of Dublin, hftjuire, a Protestant, and his Heirs: And the same was deceived, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be reada'Second Time.

Mr. Whiokcot reported from the Committee, to whom Stainron the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- i>» the H<Je mon Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Paiilfe of St a niton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and foand the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coh-sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:; Where the Amendments'were once read throughout; and then ' a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by- the House. . f

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be* ingrossed.

Peer*’

Name.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Richard Symons, an Infant, lately called Rickard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Symons, pursuant to the Will of Rickard Symons, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to enable Richard Symons, an Infant, lately called Richard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Symons, pursuant to the AVill of Richard Symons, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concnrrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dnnwich the Clerk of the Crown; to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dwaoich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Jacob Gerrard Doioniugi Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom Maryle Bone the Petition of several of the Proprietors and Owners Parochial of Houses, Ground, and Lands, lying within the Pa- Police, rish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of

and of the Principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and of several ot her Proprietors and Owners of Houses, Ground, and Lands; and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first mentioned Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and had also heard the Petitioners upon the last mentioned Petition; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, an Act passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the het-ter regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, andclean-sing, erilightening, and paving the Streets, Squares,

Laues, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within 9 R tl)e

8oo 9 ° FebruariA. 1764.

Mary leWone the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Mid-PpXe*1 dlesex, was read.

Mr. John Aujlin, Vestry CJerk of the said Parish, being examined, said, That since the passing of the said Act, the said Parish is become very populous; that the said Act directs but Six Constables for the said Parish, which are not sufficient to do the Duty; and that several Complaints have been made of that Defeat in the Act; which is also Defective with respect to the Number of Lamps; the Money they are enabled to collect for that Service not being sufficient to provide a sufficient Number of Lamps; that the Rate for the Lamps is made at Michaelmas, and every Inhabitant who intends to put up his own Lamp, is to give Notice to the Vestry Clerk of such Intent; but that very few People give Notice, in Consequence of which every Person is rated, which amounts to a great Sum, and when the Collector goes to col left the Rates,

he cannot get the Money:----- That there are many

vacant Spaces of Ground which are not lighted, as the Committee apprehend they have no Power to set up Lamps there.

That it would bean Advantage of £.50 and upwards, to the Parish, if the Poors, and other Rates, were consolidated; and that, if a select Vestry was established, as in many other Parishes, particularly the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, the Wit-uefs thinks the Parish would be better and more regularly managed.

That there was not any Account passed from the Commencement of the Act till the 8th of April 1760; and that no Account has been passed according to the Directions of the said Act, since that Time.

And that, if the Collector had made good Collections, the Treasurer mull have had large Sums of Money in his Hands.

That several Persons, who are of the Committee, serve the Poor House with Necessaries, which is contrary to the Directions of the Act:--That the Witness has frequently complained to the Committeeof such Practices; but they have ftjll continued to do the fame.

Mr. William Knight, Beadle and Watchhouse Keeper,

said. That he thinks Six Constables are not sufficient to

do the Duty of the Parish:----- That imee the passing

of the Militia Act, they have had a great deal of additional Trouble, and that the Night Duty comes upon them too often. The Constables have frequently complained to the Witness of these Inconveniences; that they are all Tradestnen; and the Parish Duty being so great, prevents them in a great Measure from following their own Business.

Mr. Henry Hollis, Mailer of the Workhouse, said. That the Poor have sufficient Meat and Drink, but are sometimes in want of Clothing: That the Witness has made Application to the Committee; but they have not given Directions for furnishing the Poor, as they sometimes have wanted necessary Clothing, and they have frequently been full of Vermin, which was owing to the want of Linen.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, Mr. Joseph Brockkurjl, being examined, said, That he had served the Office of Overseer of the said Parish; that a Committee of 20 Persons are chosen annually, who, with the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, transact the Business of the said Parish; that they are moltly People of Fortune, and Tradesmen, who are acquainted with Parochial Business; that the Persons who compose the present Committee, have more Property in the Parish than the Petitioners, for the Bill, except the Duke of Portland; and that the Majority of the Parish are very well satisfied with the present Management.

Then the Minutes of Vestry, of the 23d of January last, were read.

And the Witness informed your Committee, That

those Minutes are not agreeable to the Ord’r of Vestry.

That the Minutes of the Committee are not valid, till confirmed by a Vestry of the Parish.

That the Sense of the Parish is explained by the Minutes of the Vestry of the ill February; which were read; and ltates, that the Parishioners directed an Opposition to be made to that Part of the Application relating to the select Vestry; that the Meeting at which thel’e Minutes were taken was held in pursuance of Notice given in the Church for that Purpol'e; that the Parishionershave no Objection to the Consolidation of the Rates.

Mr. John Aujlin, being further examined, said, That when the Lords and Gentlemen were assembled at the Vestry held the 23d January, Mr. Mercer, junior, the Churchwarden, asked if any Gentlemen there had any thing to propose to the Board; Lord said, that

he moved that an Application might be made to Parliament, for consolidating the Parish Rates, and establishing a {elect Vestry; upon which fume of the Inhabitants there said, they would not agree to a select Vestry; upon which his LordlJiip said, he would withdraw his Proposal, as he only made It on the behalf of himself, and the relt of the Parish.

And being asked, he said, lie believed there might be more against the Proposal than were for it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend an Act, passed in the 29111 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Paflagrs, and repairing the Highways and causewnvs, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish <SV. Mar pie Bone, in the County of Middlesex;and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Harley, General Tcxcnjhend, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Dowdejiodl, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from k-a. Horsham, in the County of SuJJ through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinjted, AsharJt

and Breeding, in the said County: And the same was received; anil read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chulmley reported from the Committee, to whom wtiki the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, to* Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and others living in or near the Town of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of Yorkwas referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T able: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Dou/borth, being examined, laid, That the

Town of Whitby is a Sea Port, from whence a great foreign Trade is carried on; that the greatest Part oft he Road from the said Town townvd*Pickering and and thence to the City of York is, in many M ces, deep and boggy, and extremely dangerous for 1 ra-vellers.

That, about a Year and a Half ago, the Inhabitants of the said Town of Whitby, and the neighbouring Places, raised, by voluntary Subscriplion, the Sum of £. 1,500, which hits been laid out in repairing Part of the said Road; but that the same cannot be kept in Repair, and the other Parts repaired, widened, and maintained, by the Laws in being.

That the said Road is, in many Places, narrow; and

it

r

Jrorr.Iey . iclofuic,

Icrcro*

>rapany.

j.;:

4 Geo III. p° FebruariL 801

it would be of great public Advantage if the said . Roads were effectually repaired, widened, and kept properly in Repair.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Benjamin Ward, and Mr. Robert IlutchinJ’on.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the 1 own of to the South

End of Lock ton Lane in the l’ariffi of in the County of York:And that Mr. Sir George

Savile, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Best presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Right of Common in, over, and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Kent: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mo Ciifi reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Stephen llarveyj, Esquire, Agent for the Petitioners, produced an Act of Parliament, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, whereby it is enacted, that a Duty of Sixpence a Chaldron upon Coals, which, by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of I^ondon, was granted to the City of London, for a Term of Fifty Years, to commence from the 29th of September 1700, should be continued, from the Expiration of that Term, for the further Term of Thirty-five Years; and that the Monies arising thereby should be paid into the Receiptof the Chamber of London, and the yearly Sum of 3000, out of the Produce of the said Duty, should, during the said Term of Thirty-five Years, be paid by the Chamberlain of London to the Petitioners, by Half-yearly Payments, to be applied by them towards the Payment of their Annuitants, and other Creditors; and to that Purpose the Petitioners were directed, within One Month after Michaelmas 17 50, to make out a General Account of all Sums that should be then due and in Arrear to their Annuitants and their Representatives; and to enter the same in One or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and a Note, or Certificate, in Writing, containing the Sum due and in Arrear to each Annuitant at Michaelmas 1750, was to be delivered to them and their Representatives; all which Sums are thereby declared to be Principal Sums, and to carry an Interest at Three per Cent, until the same shall be paid and discharged.

That after Michaelmas 1750, the said Wardens and Commonalty should apply the said yearly Sum of £. 3000, as the same should come in and be received, in the First Place, towards Payment and Satisfaction of so much of the Annuities which should from thenceforth become due and payable by virtue of the Deeds of Settlement made for the Benefit of the Annuitants,

as the Estates of the said Wardens and Commonalty, in

Settlement, would not be sufficient to pay and satisfy.

That when the said yearly Sum of £. 3000, together with the Rents and Profits of the Estates in Settlement, should be more than sufficient to pay and tlif-charge the said Annuities, that then, as any Surplus should arise, and be sufficient to pay Half a Year*s Interest, the Petitioners were required to apply such Surplus, as the same should come in and be received, in the First Place, towards paying and discharging the Interest which, after Michaelmas 1750, should grow due on the Sums of Money which at that Time were due for the Arrears of the said Annuities, and which were before directed to be considered as Principal Sums, until such Interest should be all paid; and after Payment thereof, and of the growing Interest thereon, such Surplus should, so often as the same would be sufficient to pay Ten Pounds per Cent, on the Principal, be applied to reduce and pay off the Principal Sums, in an equal Proportion, until the whole should be fully paid and discharged.

_ That so soon as the said yearly Sum of £. 3000, together with the Rents and Profits of the Estates in Settlement, should have paid and discharged all the Arrears of the said Annuities, and the Interest thereof, and should be more than sufficient annually to pay and satisfy the respective Annuities, the Petitioners are thereby required to reserve the Surplus arising from the said yearly Sum of £. 3000, to be applied to the Payment of such other of their Creditors as should be deemed proper Objects of Relief, and in such Manner as should be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament.

Mr. William Cawne, Clerk to the Mercers Company, produced to your Committee an Account, shewing the Payment of Arrears due to the Annuitants of the Company, together with a Rental of the Company’s Estates in Settlement; and also an Account of the Receipt and Application of the said £. 3060 per;

and also a List of the Names of the Company’s Annuitants in Possession at Michaelmas 1763, and of those in Expedancy at the same Time; which Accounts and Lifts are hereunto annexed, N* 1,2, 3, 4, 5; by which Papers it appears, that the said Company had discharged all the Arrears of the Annuities for which Certificates were given, in pursuance.of the Directions of the said Act, with the Interest thereof, and had also punctually paid their respective Annuities; and that there is at present a Surplus of £.4640. 1 is. 9 in the Hands of the said Company, arising from the said yearly Sum of £.3000,to be applied by Parliament to the Payment of ;such other Creditors of the said Company as shall be deemed proper Objects of Relief.

And he informed your Committee, That the said Surplus will annually increase; but that the Company cannot apply the same to the discharging of Debts due to any other of their Creditors, without the Authority of Parliament.

He also produced several Accounts, by which it appeared, that the said Company are indebted in very considerable Sums of Money, for Charities or Money legacies. Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts; which Accounts are also hereunto annexed, N# 6, 7, and 8. And he informed your Committee, That the said Company have no other way of satisfying such Debts but out of the Surplus of their Estates in Settle ment; which appears by the said Accounts to be very insufficient to discharge the fame.

Vol. 29.

ACCOUNT

Mercm* Company.

Mercers'

Company.

802

9" Februarii. 1764,

( *')

ACCOUNT OF PAYMENT OF ARREARS DTE

Annuities incurred from the 29th September 1747, to the 29th September 1750, amounting to £.20,877. 0 0

Dr.

To the Company’s Account, for Mrs. Gajtrell’s (rift of what due to her on £. s. d.

this Account - 270 — —

0 *75* September 29. To Dividend, N° 1. of £. 30. per Cent, on £. 20,607. payable 30th Instant, per Resolution of the Committee, 13th Instant - 6,182 2 —

'151-March. 25. To D* N° 2. of £. 30. per Cent, on £. 14,424. x8. 0. reduced Capital, payable this Day, per D° 13th Instant - 4>3*7 9 4

October 10. To D° N° 3. of £. 10. per Cent, on £. 10,097. 8* 8. D* payable this Day, per D° 22d September I aft ----- 1,009 9 ia

1753. October 10. ToD* N° 4. of D° on £.9,087. 18. 10. D* 13th November 1753, D* 21 ft September last - - 908 7 10

'755. October 10. To D* N° 5. of D* on £. 8,179. 11. 0. D* 18th November 1755, per D* 19th Se/jiember last ----- 817 11 7

1756. October 10. ToD* N° 6. of D* on £. 7,361. 19. 5. D° 16th November 1756, P* 29th September last- - - - - 735 16 1

, 1757’ October to ToD* N° 7. of D* on £.6,626. 2. 10, D* 15th J 1757, per D° 7th Instant «-- - - -- -- 662 4 n

.; *758-October 10. To D* N° 8. of D* on £. 5,963. 17. 11. D* 14th November 1758, 'per D* 28th September last - -- 59G 2-

1759. October iO; To D* N° 9. of £. 20. per Cetti. on £. 5,367. 15. 11. D° 20th November 1759, per D" 28th September last ----- 1,073 5 1

1761. October to.' To D° N° 10. of £.50. perCent. on £.4,294. 10. 10. D* 17th November 1761, />er D* 25th September 1761 - - - - . - 2,147 5 5

1762. October 10. To D* N° 11. of D° on £.2,147. 1- 5- D* 20th April 1762, per D" 2d April 1762 - -- - 1,073 8 i

To D* N° 12. the Whole of £. 1,073. 17. 2. D* 16th November 1762, per D* 24th September 1762 - -- -- - 1,073 >7 1

£ 20,877 — -

4 Geo.. III. p° Februarii. 803

TO THE ANNUITANTS OF THE THE MERCERS COMPANY.

be allowed £.3. per Cent. Interest, from 29th September 1750 j pursuant to Act of the 21st King George 2d.

Cr.

1750.

September 2g. By the Company’s Account for the Amount due this Day - - - 40,877 — —

Vol. 29. i

4

» \

Vs A RENTAL

Mercer*

Cempuij.

fercer*’

Company,

A. 1764.

804 90 FebruariL

— (*) —

A RENTAL of the Estates of the Mercers Company comprised in the Annuitants Settlement, for the Year ending the 10th October 1762: With the Benefactions and Outgoings thereof.

Estate, the Gift of William , Alderman.

Tenants Names.

John Savage -

John Butcher -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

Annual Outgoings of this Estate; viz.

To the Matter and Wardens of the Company Tor Repairs, Insurances, and other accidental Charges, 7 on an Average, for the last 7 Years - }

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Clear annual Produce of this Estate

On Lease. D°

£. s

40 —

20 —

1 — — 18

£ s- d.

60-----

1 18 —

Estate, the Gift of Peter

Tenants Names.

Henry Cooke -

Martha Swartz -

Edward Mason -

Thomas Reed -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

Annual Outgoings of this Estate;

To Bethlem Hospital -

To the Master and Wardens of the Company

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Aver- 7

age, for the last 7 Years.....3

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate

Clear annual Produce of this Estate -

On Lease. D°

D°

D*

Estate, the Gift of Robert Chert fey.

Ann Vincent James Penvold John Mills

Tenants Names.

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

Three poor Householders -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Aver- 7

age, for the last 7 Years.....J

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate

Clear annual Produce of this Estate -

On Lease. D*

D*

13 10 —

50-----

13-----

20-----

8-----

— 16

96 10 —

10

18 — 40 —

9 —

67-----

4 11 —

15 16 6

20 7 6

Estate, the Gift of Richard Collier and Andrew Malloy.

Tenants Names.

Stanton Daye ——

Israel Skinner ——

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

To Master of Horlham School -

To Uiher D*....

To Wardens of the Company -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Aver- 7 age, for the last 7 Years - - " i

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Clear annual Produce of this Estate -

On Lease. D*

18 —

80 —

30-----

20 — —

— 3 1

98 --

51 3 4

58 2 —

86 8 6

46 12 6

46 16

Estate,

4 Geo. III.

90 Februarit.

805

Estate, the Gift of William Dauntfey, Esquire, Alderman.

j

Tenants Names.

Henry Allen -

Richard. Townjhtnd -

John Baynham -

John Browne -

Thomas Bord ——

Elizabeth Dance - -

Pearce -

Kever -nd Arnold King -

Thomas Lit tier -

Samuel Purchase -

Thomas P ref on -

Curifopher Cooper -

7b/i/' Stevenson -

bAn Voweil ——

Thomas Grape -

Edward IVix ' -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate -

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

To Schoolmaster, &c. of Weflarri - For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Aver- age, for the last 7 Years ----- ,

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate - - -Clear annual Produce of this Estate -

Estate, the Gift of Sir William Eaffield.

Tenants Names.

JeAn Drinkwaler -

William James -

Paw/ Vergis -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate -

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

To Matter and Wardens of the Company -

To Clerk of the Company -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Aver- age, for the last 7 Years - -)

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate -

Total annual Produce of this Estate -

Estate, purchased of King Henry the VIII.

Tenants Names.

Richard Antonie -

John Barton -

Philip Cooke -

Cornelius Denne -

Dame Mary Frederick -

John Fridenbourgh -

yo/wi Gilbody -

Abraham Hears -

P/Ae Tanton -

George Rofiiter -

Thomas if aft -

William Oram -

James Chapman -

William Upfold and Neigh Frith -Charles Runnington -

Joseph Styles -

William Tatnal -

Samuel Sears - -

William Wynch -

Hickman Young - -

Jeremiah Garrard -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate -

Vol. 29.

On Lease. D*

D*

£. s. d.

On Lease. 26

D* 51 —

D° 31

D* 37 10

DB

D* 4 —

D* 25

D° 2 10 —

D* 1 1

D* 2 — — -

D° 12 12 —

D« 32

D" 11 — —

D* 24

D* 30 10 —

D# 6

60 — —

- 18 12 10

22

70

14

— 13 4

— 1 8

4 7

f. d.

jC*

363 —

78 12

10

284 9

106 — — I

4 17 7

101 2 (

On Lease. D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D"

D»

D#

D*

D»

D*

D»

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

I>

62 — —

21 — —

5° ~ Z

20-----

8-----

55-----

55-----

50-----

100 — —

55-----

40-----

45 5 "

40-----

26-----

40-----

*5-----

26-----

50-----

805 5 —

Annual

Mercers’

Company.

Mercm*

Company.

Ho6

90 Februarii.

4.1764.

Annual Otgoings of this Estate.

To Matter Mercers Chapel School ..

Preachers of Lent Sermons -

Chaplain to the Company -

Clerk of the Chapel

Bread and Wine for Preachers -

Binding Poor Children Apprentice -

Prisoners - -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Average, 1 for the last 7 Years - - - - j

Total annual Outgoings of this Ettate -

Total annual Produce of this Ettate -

Brought over -

s (t,

4°-----

— 68

— 3 4

— 12 6

3°-----

60 8 —

25 3 2

S05.

s.

5- o.

162

13 8

Ettate in Ireland.

Alexander Stewart, Esquire - - - -

Fish Society, for the undivided Part of this Estate Total Grol’s Kent of this Ettate

Annual Outgoings of this Ettate.

To.the Irish Society, a Quit Rent - -

To the Cook’s Company - -

To the Broderers Company -To tlv3 Mafon3 Company -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Average,

for the latt 7 Years....

Total annual Outgoings of thU Estate - -

Total annual Produce of thi = Estate -

Estate, the Gift of S:r Thomas Gresham. Tenants Names.

| Sea good -

ims Bowen - - - . - . -

nas Beach, Esquire -

n<is Bourn - - \ -

ge Browning -:s Cartwright - -

Coward - -

and Comyns -

loration for maimed Seamen -

ns Colly ns -

uty John Clarke ry (woke- - -

Da CojlaBarred -

nas Doxry -

nonI)a Cojla

India Company -

! and Edward Ellicot - -

yGrimjton -

ry Yates -

iam Brozone - -

Ilowe -

ry Yates and Thomas Carter - , -

ry Yates -

t Iwa/>Jidge -

/am Lor ham -

fames Hodges -

ry Marshall -

mas James -

oh Hazard - -

es Roberts -iam Palmer -1 Cox -

1 Ptacd - -

Royal Exchange Aflumnce -

On Lease. 420 — —

- 100 — —

- >3 4

31 2 2

24 3 3

" 15 11 1

- . - _ — 18 4

On Lease. 18

I)0 22

D* 9

D° 8

D’ 25 — —

I Y 10 — —

Ten* at Will. 18

On Lease. 40

D* 20 — —

I)° 42

D* 40

iy 15

D* 17

D° 5 10 —

1> 21

Ten'at Will. 15° '

On Lease. 44

Ten' at Will. — 2 —

On Lease. 10 10 —

Ten* at \V ill 9

IY 55

On Lease. 9

D° 11

D° 38

D® 42

Ten' at Will. 9

IY 10 — —

On Lease. 15

I)’ 37

Ten' at Will. 9 '

I>° 9 — —

On Lease. 18 —

r>° 21 — —

D° 15° —

520-----

i- s. d.

642 11

72 8

447 11 to

portmsn

4 Geo. III.

9° Februarii.

807

Porlman Safford John Stephens William Salkeld -'Jonathan Taylor -Samuel Goadby -

John Huntridgeand William

John MaJ'on

Amos Wenman

William Yeloly

George Schulz

Free BrilVhFifhery

Jonn MaJ'on John Robjon

Samuel Taylor -Easter Montague John Skelton

crcr

Francis Perigalt ....

Richard Stevens ....

John Staples -

William Hornell and Robert Forrejl.

Richard Hoar - -

Jacob TIud/'on....

The HonWe Roger Townsend, Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs ... James Walton ....

John Cowell - ....

Philip Glass - -

Henry IFhitridge ....

Richard Morris ....

William Bozoen -

For the City’s Moiety, who is intitled to Half of this Estate, to deduct -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

On Lease. D8 D°

D°

D8 D8 D°

D°

D8

D*

D8

- Ten'at Will On Lcale. D8 D°

D8

D°

Ten'at Will D°

On Lease. D8 D8

D°

Ten* at Will On Lease. D8 D8 D8 D8

Annual Outgoings of this Estate: Civil Law Le&urer -

Physic Le&urer -

Rhetoric Lecturer - -

Christ Hospital -

St. Bartholomew's Hospital

Bethlem Hospital -

St. Thomas's Hospital -

Poultry Compter -

Edward Yardley, and George Alley, Rent Charge Constable of the Exchange Watch of D° up Stairs The Clock-keeper -

Porter of Gresham College For Repairs and other accidental Charges, rage for the last 7 Years -

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Total annual Produce of this Estate

on an Ave-

Estate, the Gift of Lady Isabella Gresham.

Tenants Names.

!ir John Cartwright, Knight -

David Jenks 1 -

(ohn Langtoii ..

Timothy Ravenliill ....

rcorge Vincent - -

fabez Willett -

Zdward Wakefield - -

'tmtuel Wajs - - ~ "

Zdward Wakefield - -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

£ Sd.

42-----

50-----

12-----

26 ——

36-----

20 — -36-----

--- I -

14 -

20-----

l6-----

30-----

IO IO -

15 —

34 — -26 — -

— 5 -18-----

13 10 -

10 — -

7 10 -

90-----

40 — 30 — -

45 ~ -26 — -22 — -

1646 18 — 823 9 -

5°

5°

50

10

10

10

10

10

7

5

1

6

10

413 12 .7

10

10

£. s. d.

C s d.

823 9

649 12 7

*73

On Lease. 32

D8 3*. 10

D8 35

D° *0

D8 20

D8 2,0 —

D8 1$

D8 3° —

D8 16 IO

221-----

VOL. 2$

Annual

Mercers*

Company.

Februarii

Mercer*’

Company.

8dS

Brought

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.' Poor St. Laiorfince, Jewry -Poor of Aldermanbury -

Poor of St. Vadajl FoJler -

Renter Warden of the Company Clerk of the Company -Quit Rent to Leathersellers Company - For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an rage, for the lall 7 Years -

Totfil annual Outgoings of this Estate Tot^l annual Produce of this Estate

1764.

over -

Ave-

=o=

£ s. d.

3----- i

— 6 8!

— 3 4

— 13 4

15 18 11

£ ' d 221-----1

26

s d.

194 i9

Estate, the Gift of Richard Lakin.

Tenants Names.

George Tewkes -

Paul Vergis -

John Van Rixfell, Esquire - - '

Totpl Gross Rent of this Estate

Annual Outgoings of this E^afe.

To Master, Wardens, of the Company -

To Clerk of the Company....

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Ave- ") for the last 7 Years - 3

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Totpl annual Produce of this Estate

rage.

OnLeafe.

D°

D*

7 10 10 — 48 -

6 8 1 4

*3 4

65 10 —

1 11

Estate, the Gift of Sir Richard Whittington.

Tenants Names. Charles Worry ll

Thomas Morley

Elias BrozcnJzpord.

Sling fly Bet hell, Esquire - r

Bartholomew Burton, Esquire r Charles Bill '- r

Samuel Knighf -George Carr and Elizabeth John Conyers, Esquire Michael Deaiic

Josiah Colebrohke- -

John Chapman

Philadelphia Cutbird John Dajlmood - -

Nicholas Dunn 1 -

William Donjon and Johji HaJleicood Richard ‘Emrpolt, Esquire Elizabeth Frank.

John Gibson Thomas Gordon -

William Dover -

Charles Browne - -

Richard Dickerson - -

William Hulls - - -

Richard Haydon

Edward and Charles Heylin Henry Janfoit, -

David Jenks - - - '

John David Leigel

Christopher Roberts and William Bonnes John Dale

Edward Payne, Esquire Thomas Lloyd, Esquire John Elmes.

John Parry

On Lease.

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D»

Dq

D°

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D"

D*

D"

D°

D°

D*

D*

D°

D°

D‘

D*

D*

D«

D*

30

7

30 40 60 30 20 20

11 -----1

30 16 16 18

56

60

*5

66 6

*7

24

8

10

20 —

12 —

H —

48 —

28 —

18 10 50 —

55 —

25 —

50 —

75 —

8 —

8 —

10

64 8 t

Sir

11;

4 Geo. III.

9* FebHia

809

Sir John Baptist Parish -

Bignall Potter -

Elizabeth Rea ——

Gurdelstone Rolfe -

Andrew Reid, Esquire - -

William Ridmrdson -

John Jenkins ——

Thomas Ruflkll-----

George RttJ'd - -

Jio/w Slater -

Dulzabella Larken - - - -

JoJias Seymour -

Sir William Stephenson, Knight -Samuel Sandeforth - -

Stevens ——

-/« Tripp -

Michael Tayleur -

Peter Taylor ——

Jo/z/i JEo// ——

Nathaniel Pattison

Mary Walden ——

Edward White -

Richard Yerbury -

Thomas Young ——

Ralph Morrijbn -

Benjamin Blackden - -

Robert Sumner -

Andrew Grant, Esquire -

Jacob Perkins -

Joseph Malpas -

Thomas Flight - -

Total Gross Kent of this Estate -

< i

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

To Tutor and Poor of Whittington's College -

To D> 20 6. 3. every 3d Year, to provide them?

Clothes, the Proportion for 1 Year .- - - J

To Malter and Wardens of the Company -

To Clerk of the Company -

To Goldsmiths Company, a Quit Rent - -

To Elizabeth Vaughan, D" - -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, oh an Average J for the last 7 Years - -

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate - -

Total annual Produce of this Estate - -

£.. x. d.

OnTeafe.

D# 23

D° T5 —

D° 20 — " —

D* 35 ,

D* 20 1

D* 20

1> 22

D* 10 10 —

D# *4

Ten' at Will.

'On Lease. 14 —

D* 2t)

40

IT QI IO

D* 14

D" 12

D° 24

D* 12

D° 60

D° .20 —

D° n —

D# 45

D* A O IO

D* 38

D° I5 i

D° 12 12 —

D° 45

D* 6

D* A I

D° 40

' 13° — —

- - - 6 15 5

- - 5 — —

- - — 6 8

m m 3 6 8

71 3 8

m, m + a -

X- d.

r s d

* Company.

1665 -a —

124 12 5

1440 9 7

Estate, the Gift of Riclidrd

Lake Young -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Average? for the last 7 Years - - - - 3

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Total annual Produce of this Estate

Oh Lease.

25-----

25-----

25-----

Estate, the Gift of William Widowfon.

BartholomexoPomeroy - -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, oh an Average,? for the last 7 Years - - - jr

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate -Total annual Produce of this Estate. - -

VOL. 29-

On Lease.

6° —

2 15

50-----

2 15 —

47 5 —

Estate,

8io

9° Februarii.

A

Mercers’

(pompany.

Estate, the Gift of Sir James Yarford.

Tenants Names.

David Barclay -

William Mattheics -

Total Gross Rent of this Estate

Annual Outgoings of this Estate.

To Master and Wardens of the Company -To Clerk of the Company -

For Repairs and other accidental Charges, on an Average

for the last 7 Years.....j

Total annual Outgoings of this Estate Total annual Produce of this Estate -

Estate, the Gift of Lady Bradbury.

Thomas Raivjlorne Michael Fagan -

Tenants Names.

Simon Folman - -

John Yeomans -

Peter Gariy -

Michael Fagan -

Shadrac/t Venden - -

Christopher Moicbray -Edward Eafiham -

Robert Maberly -

Thomas Bonnell -

Vicar and Churchwardens of *9/. Martin's John Gretton -

Samuel Johnflone - -

Robert Wood -

Jo/oi Burnett -

Benjamin Parran

Thomas Neve It -

Henry Eastham -

Ditto....

Burnett - Ditto -

Ditto -

William Avery -

Patrick Kelley -

Thomas Smith -Thomas Rawjlorne -

Ditto -

Yoaell lionnor -

Thomas Longstqf -

John Pittney-

JoJephClones -

He my Lake -jtoAw CVo/>, Esquire -

Thomas Mijt Anthony Sower by -Thomas Mijl -Samuel Lea -

Z.iV//e -

Matthew Greenacre - -

Richard Meux and Mungo Murray Sampson Pendley -

7o/;?i Whitaker -

George Errington, Esquire -

Ditto — - -

Elizabeth Abbott -William Ringsted and James Pod. e Henry Allen -Joseph Gy ford and Co.

Henry Allen

Ditto - -

7e/m Jones, Esquire -

Jo Art Wright, Esquire - -

*. d.

On Lease. x 20

D* 56

Oft 176

- 8 4 h:

— — — 3 4

- - - 2 11 8

764.

On Lease. 20

_ D* 12

D* 18

D» 02 —

D* 12 —

m D* 26 —

D° 56

D* l8 — —

m D° 19

D° l6

D* 12

D" 80

D' 12

D° l6

m D* 46

D* 9

D° 28

m D° 26

m D* 17

D" 8

m D* 14

D° 30 — —

D° 42

m D* 26

m D° 38

D* 3°

D- 12 " —

D# 35

D* 10 10 —

D* 25 4 —

D* 25 10 —

D* 28 — —

1> 22 — —

D* 60 — —

m D# 36

I> 18

m D* 20 — —

D* 22

I> 20

m D* 4s —

m D* 50

m D" 8

D* 9 — —

m D° 30

D° 45

m D* 5°

D* 60 — —

m m , D° 3°

m m D° 170

m D* 11

m ? D° 9 —

m D° 43

D* 55

£ 4.

[73 8 4

7*0*

4 Geo. III. p°Februarii. 81 i

Thomas God full

John Wright, Esquire - -

John Stanley

William Beeves _ a

Richard Payn Matthew Pearce - -

Ditto ...

IrHUam Parsons - -

Thomqs Bat ter shy -

James Jlarfnap -

Matthew Tanner - -

Jan es Cook

Jo!' < Oriel

Richard Coffy -

George Erring ton, Esquire - -

James Com cry -

William Locke - -

Samuel Thompson -

Henry Dykes -

William Benfan -

Thomas Manning -

William Barnett -

John Wright, Esquire -

Joseph Sfandish -

Robert Smith . - -

John Fosler -

Charles Angier - -

Joseph Barber -

Henry Scwley -

Robert Mar leu -

Thomas Horsfall -

Jane Dunfon -

John Jordan Edward Chifibell - "

Robert Mar ley -

Relit and John Reiley William Chal' -

James Comery -

William ChaUontr -

John Wcbjler - m -

James Comery -

George Beecher -

John Smallman - m -

John Eoxall to - -

Robert Addison -

John Rice - -

Thomas Harris and C® -

Matthew Pearce - -

John Forjler - - m

John Burnett "

John Dubourg - -

Robert Hodgson -

Edward Lezc -

William Dernier -

Matthew Bur - -

Richard Ethe - -

John Miller - -

Robert Bugg - m -

John Orme - -

George Wyatt -

Ditto - - - mm

George Billings > - -

Richard Kirby - -

Barbara Grey -

Daniel Green -

James Shngar - -

Joseph Hawkins - -

Margaret Johnson - " —

Robert John Jlond

Martin Lyon - - m

Thomas Selefleld - -

James Ward m -

Thomas Jordan -> -

Total Gross Rent of this hitate

Voi». 29.

£ s. d C s. d.

- - On Lease. 55

- D" 40

D® 35

- D® 16 — —

- - D® 40

- - D® 24

- - D® 30

- - D® 1 31

- - D* 25

- - D® 8 8 —

" D® 10 — —

IV 24

I)° 11

- . I)® 12

- D* 22

- D° 17

- - D® 12

- - D® 8

" - - D® 8

- - D® 8

- - D® 16

- - - D® 9

- - D° 3o

" D® 30

- - D® 14

- - - D® 18

- - D® 14

- - - D® 95

- - D* 3°

- - D® 28

- - - IV 16

- - - D® 9

- - D* 23

- - D® b 10 —

- - - D® 7 — —

- - - D® 11

- - D® 30

- - - D® 17

- - ' D® 17

- - . D® 11

- - - D® 16

» - IV J5

- - D® to

- - - D® J3

- - - IV *3

- - - . D® 13

- - D* 37

- . D® 11

- - . IV 16

- - - D® 8 8-

- - IV 13

- - - D® 12 — —

- . D® J 12

a IV 28

a a D® a 6

m . - IV 18

- - 1 D* 14 -

- - D* 12 — —

- - - D® 50

D* 58

a a D® 6

a _ - D® 18

a D® 15

a a - D® 21

a a a D® 25

a a IV 25

a a D® 4

a a . D® to

m a k D® II

m _ D® ,3

m 'a D® 24

m a a D® 21

- - D® 9 r ^AAA 1A

m a h- 3°99

9U

Mercer*

Comj»ny.

Annual

Mercer*’

Company.

812 90 Februarii. . 1764.

Annual Outgoings of this Estate. To Poor of St. Stephen, Coleman Street -To Mailer and Wardens of the Company -To Clerk of the Company -To Agent of this Ellate, 6 in the Pound on j £ 3°99> °- o. - - - -1 For Repairs, Insurance, and other Accidental Charges,} on an Average, for the lad Seven Years - - J Total annual Outgoings of this Ellate Total annual Produce of this Ellate light over - f:. s. j I IO — J5 — i - . 8| 77 9 6, 1 175 3 8i i I- 3,099 10 — 25* !9 i°i £. s.

2844 10 2

*1 6,677 10 *-

General Charges out of the foregoing Ellatrs. To the Clerk of the Company ----- To the Accountant ----- To the Upper Beadle - -- -- -To the Chapel Keeper ----- To Taxes, Parochial Dues, and Repairs of the Hall, Coals,-, Candles, Stationary Ware; with other necessary and acci- f dental Charges of the Company, on an Average, for the lad f Seven Years - Total annual Outgoings ----- Total annual Produce - 121 13 6 50 22 17 8 2 4 10 351 4 — m - - £. 54S — 10 0,129 9.2

A Collection of the TOTALS of the foregoing Estates, with their Outgoings. Edate of William Broicne - - . - Co 118 — 58 —

Ditto Peter Blundell ..... - 96 10 — 10 i 6 86 8 6

Ditto Robert Chertefey ..... 67 20 7 6 46 12 6

Ditto Richard Collyer anti Andrew Mallory - 98 51 3 4 46 16 11

Ditto William Daunf/ty - 363 2 — 78 12 10 284 9 2

Ditto Sir William Eastfield . ... . I06 — 4 17 7 101 2 3

Ditto King Henry the 8th - - . - - 805 5 — 162 13 8 642 11 4

Ditto Edate in Ireland - - - - 52° 72 8 2 417 11 10

Ditto Sir Thomas Gresham - r 823 9 — 640 12 7 173 16 5

Ditto Isabella Gi'esham - - - 221 — — *623 194 17 9

Ditto Richard Lakin - - - - 65 10 — 1 in 64 8 1

Ditto Sir Richard Whittington - - - 1,665 2 *"" 224 12 5 1,440 9 7

Ditto Richard Windout - 25 — 25

Ditto William Widoicfon ..... 50 2 15 — 47 5 -

Ditto Sir James Yarford - - - . - - 176 — — 2 11 8 173 8 4

Ditto Lady Bradbury ..... 3,099 IO — 254 19 2,844 I®

General CHARGES out of the foregoing Estates 8,241 8 — 1,563 18 3 6.677 10-

L 8,241 8 — 1,563 18 3 6,129 9 1

\ - Vn- \ -

I V

.O

hi

so

- — ( 3-,) — '

ACCOUNT of the Receipt anil Application of 3,000. os. od. per Annum, granted by Parliament for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Mercers’ Company.

’ 4.

' 1751. July 20. Paid Doctor Shaic, pursuant to an Act of the 21 ft George 7 zil - - - - -i 1763- 06t. 10. Paid at sundry Times so much of this Account to the^ Company’s Annuitants, as the Rents and Profits off the Estates in Settlement were insufficient to pay and t satisfy J £. s. d. 603 7 4 3°>°39 J5

30,643 3 2

Received of the Chamber of London, Half-Yearly, Twelve Years J and Half’s Annuity, due the 5th April 1763- - - - 3 £ d* Balance in Hand this Day - - 6,856 16 9

37,500 — — £ 37>5°°

Balance as above ----- Deduct thereout the Annuities for the Half Year due 7 10th Oct. 1763 - i 6,856 16 9 £ 2,216 5 —

Surplus in Hand - - - - 4,640 11 9A

r

D

cq"

rH"

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

o

?r

H

<5

00

t — l

Oo

o 2 B

11

4 Geo.

814

f Februariu

A. 1764.

( 4- )-

Matters*

Coi^pa

rs* The Names of the Annuitants of the Mercers* Company intituled to receive, the 10th October 1763, being

Michaelmas Day, Old Style.

Annuitants at 30 per Cent.

A;*e. 7 j Catherine w £. s. 30 — d.

74 Elizabeth Bet ferity - 30 — ——

73 Mary Broughton - 60 — —

78 Elizabeth Bird - - 30 — —

7^ Mary Cahimy - C 30 —

78 Margaret Cowling " - - 30 — —

89 Elizabeth Dixon - 9° ~ U~

85 Jane Dixon - - - 30 " —

73 Jane Fisher . 15 — —

84 Su fanna Fox - - - 45 — —

81 Elizabeth Fage - - - 30 —

77 A nn Gonl/o 30 — —

73 Susanna Grey - - - 30 — —

78 Ann Hallows 30 —

81 Mary Huld/ieorth - - - 30 — —

69 Elizabeth Jeffery* - - - 30 — —

68 Mary Middleton - - - 30 — —

'ji Alice Xid'mil - - - 60 — —

7 3 Elizabeth Pepper - - - 3° — —

76 Elizabeth _ 3° — ——

76 Mary Wi - - - 30 — —

Annuitants at 25 per Cent.

A«e.

63 Susanna Bainl -

80 J'lid, Hit Cnlmc

73 Martha Cute

7 1 Jane Farrington

66 Ann Fleetwood

73 Catherine Fane -

74 Ann Heicytt

63 Hcpzibah Jones

63 Ann Ingram.

67 ChriflianKnipe 69 Frances Kyffen

73 il/an/ A'e/it -

71 Mary Littleton -

63 3/d/;y Mechell -

68 Dame ElizabethManningham

67 A/V/ny Panting -80 ^/.ve Pomfret

74 Joyce Partington

ii~, Ellen Pgjke -

75° —

5° ""

50-----

5°-----

5°-----

37 10 —

30-----

50-----

50 »-----

2 5-----

25-----

25-----

a5-----

50-----

50-----

50-----

25-----

50-----

Age.

80 7a;.r Sanxay 73 Mary Savage

77 Elizabeth Tmverfey

71 Dorothy Tucker -65 Elixabeth Tovey

77 A/nry Vandeivall

72 Man) Watkins -j 87 Barbara Winkles

82 Margaret Wajtcll

Annuitants at 20 per Cent.

Age

66 Sarah Bignell ~

57 Martha Berdmorc 68 Elizabeth Barnes - -

57 AnnClaverina Brifco -

76 Ann Burch.

59 Arabella Barloio

72 JB///5 Buxton.

65 CharlottaBishop

73 Sarah Bullock

76 Susanna Claridge

66 A/n ny Carruthers

39 Rebecca Coldham

66 Catherine Carlelon 61 Mary CUelfum-

61 Martha Crumpc

58 -SV/rw/i Crcmer

59 Hannah Crete 49 Man/ Craven

49 Clarke.

58 Chejlyn -

58 Martha Collyer

82 Dorothy Collyer 71 MaryCr aimer

L- rf.

50-----

l5

23-----

50-----

2 — —

23-----

*5-----

25-----

1,042 10 —

74 Elizabeth Deane

53 Elizabeth Francis.

68 Elizabeth Frank.

62 Sarah Fit!ling

55 Hannah Forinan

57 Martha Ferebee.

56 Catherine Fairclough -

62 Mary Greenhill -

71 Catherine Gough.

59 Elizabeth Grainger.

57 L«<y Gregory -

69 Mary Hargraves -

75 Elizabeth Hammond

66 Frances Hallett.

47 Elizabeth Harris

72 Susannah Hughes 62 Mary Henjbn

67 Henrietta Hemming -

62 Ann Harvey -

69 dnnfl Maria Jevon, Relict of 7%o-} wias Lordlier 3

=5k

40 -r- —

40-----

20-----

100-----

20-----

20 — — 20 — —

20-----

80-----

20-----

40-----

40-----

60-----

20-----

3°-----

20 — —

40-----

40-----

20 — —

50-----

40-----

20-----

40-----

10-----

80 — —

49-----

20 — —

4°-----

20-----

20 —

20 - — -

40-----

40-----

40-----

40-----

20 — -~ 20 — — 10 — — ao — —

30-----

20 — —

40-----

88 Margaret,

4 Geo. III.

9" Februarii.

8iS

Age.

48 Velly - - 40 —

67 Elizabeth Wilson - 70 — —

76 Mary Wace- - 20 —

67 Elizabeth Waring - a *5

64 Sarah Willett - 20 -

62 P rife ilia Warren - - 20 — —

55 Esther Wood field ... A 60

61 Mary Watts - - 40

64 Anti Wyatt - - . 60

2, 445 —

Annuitants at £. 15 jt>er On/.

66 Hannah Johnson ... - 45 - —

64 .<fnn Thompson A 3° — —

48 Jane Velly - - 60 — —

59 Catherine Wefiley - - 60 — —

£ 195

A Collection of the several Rates undermentioned.

£. 30 per Cent. - 750

£. 25 par CVn/. - - 1,042 10 —

20 />er Cen/. - *>445

£. 15 per Cent. ..... *95

Total Amount of Annuities £. 4,432 10 —

a

A??.

88 Aftfr^rr/ Jones -6y Lucy Jordan

72 Hannah Kyfford -

56 z/w* -

— Frances Maria Laving ton

58 Manlovc

63 Mary Neuman

69 Catherine OaJies - - *

68 Sophia Pretty -

67 Robert P rock for, in Trull, for } Chapman, Relict of Gregory > Doughty, D. D. - - «. }

76 Elizabeth Pretious

56 Elizabeth Rigby -

84 Mary Reynolds -

63 Elizabeth Rice - -

56 Eleanor Russell -

64 Frances Russell -

61 Elizabeth Spateman -

47 ^>/// Smyth, Relict of Ingram

63 Sarah Spar he -

54 Ann lilfon -72 Catherine Thomai

64 Elizabeth ThuruUni *-

20 — -20 —

20 —

40 —

30 —

40 —

20 —

100 — -

20 —

40 —

20 — -

20 — 30 ~ 40 —

20 --

20 ---

20 ---

40 — 40 —

20 ---

20 — 20 —

V*L. *W.

9X (5,) The

MercfiV

Company.

Mercer*!

Company.

8id 90 Februarii. A, 1764.

— ( 5-,) —

The Names of the Mercers’ Company’s Annuitants in Expectancy the toth , 1763.

1710 Dec- H-

1713*

29.

-M»r. 12th» 1714. A/ay 12.

I7r6. 7*« 1.

August 10.

1719-7*/, 10. /!ri. 26.

1720. 27.

jM' 29-o^r. 9.

1721. -Afoy 5.

A&r. 9.

1722, Otf. 12.

1723. Afoy 10.

24.

14.

1763. October ioth.

The Names of the Annuitants in Expectancy, at 30 per Cent.

Subscriber’i Names. Places of Abode. Age. Wives Names. Age. Sums subscribed. Annuities,

Timothy Goodwyn £ d* £ *» e

College in the City of Worcester, Anna Maria 78

M. D. 93 loo — — 30 —

John Fryer Qastle Hunningtott) Leicester/bire, But- Hannah 81

cher 74 f 00 — — 30 —

William Hayward Crowle in Wore eft. Clerk 77 Susanna 72 IOO 30 —

John Matthew St. Martin in the Fields, Gcit. 86 Mary 85 too 3°

John Mitchell St. Laurence in Evesham, in Wor- -

cejl erjb. Clerk 80 Sarah 75 100 — — 30 —

Thomas Cheeks Bewdley in WorufterJbirt, Haber- Elizabeth

dafher of Hats 87 76 IOO 30

Samuel Coopey Wraxall in Somersetsh. Clerk 78 Margaretta 70 IOO — — 30

£ 700 — — 210

1763. October ioth.

The Names of the Annuitants in Expectancy, at £. 25. per Cent.

Joseph Haden At the Sawmaker’s Alms-houses, Bow 70 Martha 63 200 50

Richard Stephens St. Michaels, near Winchejl. M. D- 81 Frances 67 200 50

William Goldwyer Bland fori, Dorsetsh. Surgeon 67 Elizabeth 67 200 50

Henry Sturdwicke Alford in Surrey, Clerk 72 Betty 63 IOO 25

Thomas Wishaw Great Mondony Herefordjh. Clerk 79 Hannah 77 IOO — 25

William Payne Totnefsy Devonshire, Clothier 76 Mary 06 200 — — 50

Henry Bradford Queen's Courts near St. Catherine’s

Church, Oilman 80 Hannah 76 200 50

Thomas Pattefon West Hattony Lincolnjh. 89 Alice 84 200 50

Robert Sedgwick St. Martin in the Fields, Gent. 69 Deborah 63 IOO — — 25

William Young St. Ann’s, Westminster, Esq. 76 Susannah 73 200 — — 50

Edmund Mafjey C/erkenwelly Clerk 72 Ann 60 150 37 10 "

William Majfey Plaiflow in Ejf$x> Weaver 74 Margery 67 IOO 25

£ ,»95° 487 10 -

1763. October ioth.

The Names of the Annuitants in Expectancy, at £.20 CVw/.

1724.

A/tfr. 27. 26. 3X-

1725. Apr. 8. June 4. July 16.

*727-

Aiay 12.

16. jDrr. 8.

1728. May 17. ywty 12. 0*7. 25, Zeb. 21. March 7.

1729. iViv. 21.

William Oaker St. Giles’s in the Fields, Gent. 85 Mary 82 100 — —

John Denne, St. Leonard, Shoreditch, Clerk 70 Sujanna IOO

Samuel Powell Inner Temple, London, £lq. 66 Sarah 61 300

Joseph Stent St. Bride’s, Druggist 69 Elizabeth 60 200

Michael Biddulph Hartlebury, Worcesterjh. Clerk 70 Elizabeth 62 200 — —

Edward Jones Motisfont, Southtonjh. Clerk 74 Catherine 6S 500

William Rogers Stepney, M. D. 62 Jane 57 IOO — —

Richard Grey Joseph Barker Hinton in the Hedgesy Northon. Clerk 0/i BofwellCourts St. Clement’s Danes, 67 Joyce i 00

Goldsmith 83 Elizabeth 80 200 — -r-

Richard Barry Bitton, in Gloucesterjh. Clerk 70 Catherine 58 200

Barthew Bruere Southton St, Bloomsbury, Gent. 73 Dorothy 64 IOO — —

Obadiah Bourne Ashovery in Derbysh. Clerk 80 Rebecca VT 7° 6c IOO — —

Robert Tyler Sittingborn, in AV/if, Clerk 65 Mary IOO — — -

Coot LieJcester Effendon^ in Herifordjb. Clerk 63 Ann 60 IOO

William Reyner St. Grr^sr/s, by St. Paul’s, Clerk 67 Sarah \ 67 I IOO — —

20 — —

20-----

60 — —

40-----

40-----

ICO-----

20 ——

40

40-----

20-----

20 -

20 — — 20 —

4 Geo. III.

Subscribers Names.

Jany. 9th. Chrtftian Ricbtern

I73°-

May,12. William Clarke

June 26. Thomas Tate Caverley

On. 22. John Sutton

Feb. 12. Francis Bacon

1732* Jerry Pierce

Feb. 24.

*733- Norton Bowles

June 2Q.

July 6. Edward Capper

0^/. 19. Samuel Chandler

*734-

14. Job Williams

Aug. 30. Stephrn White

On 4. Ralph Baitell

~ *73S-

7*6-18. Charles Jenner

Ailg. 8. Samuel Nicholson

Sept. 19. William Log gin

Nov. 28. George Ault

13. Richard Brome

Afar. 5. Henry Smith

,*736.

Apr. 16. John Knowles

5. Legh Richmond

18. John Boyd

7«/j» 16. Thomas Hodges

Oi7. 15. Bartbew. Fox

Nov. 12. Nicholas Crijp

Dec. 17. Thomas Cotton

7- John Mackerness

14. William Petwin 9

*737-

8. Aug. 26. John Browne

John Ladd

&/>/. 30. Thomas Grimwood Charles Jacques John Berriman Robert James

©77. 28. James Kilner Francis Nedham

Afrv 25. Richard Newcome

, f737*

Feb. 24. John Imber

Afar. jj. Henry Lushington

*738.

Ar. 28. John Taylor Edward Bourchier Thomas Foxley

, I/39-

7«/> 27. John Rogers

28. William Pennington

A/sy. 30. Edmund Jakeman

Feb. 29. Nicholas Newnham

1740.

Afr. 25. George Hathaway Hen*y Gilbert

p0 Februarii. 817

Places of Abode. Age. Wives Names. Age. Sums Subscribed. Annuities.

St. James, Middlesex, Taj lor 74 Sarah 69 £ ' 100 £’ '* A 20 —

Buxtead\ Sujfxy Clerk Fareley, Southtonjh. Clerk 67 Ann 63 2C0 +0

bo Hcjler 59 500 IOO — —

Shirborny in Oxfordsh. Clerk 69 Arm 59 200 40

Grant ha my Lincolnjh. Clerk 63 Martha 58 250 50

Walcotty Bathy Surgeon 67 Ann 63 3OO 60 — —

Ryjlipy Middlesex, Gent. S3 Mary 48 500 IOO

St. George’s BLomsbury, Clerk 70 Elizabeth 58 2oo — — 40 i

Whitechapel, Gent. 70 Elizabeth 62 I00 20

Great St. Helen9t Lond. Gent. 67 Elizabeth 61 200 40 6

Holtony Suflolk, Clerk 66 Ann 64 IOO 20 —

Sorrier by, in Lincolnshire, Clerk 67 Thomazine 67 lOO 20

St. Giles's in the Fields, Clerk 56 Mary 53 200 — — 40

St. Michael's BasingJhaWy Gent. 64 Mary 66 IOO — — 20 — — 4

Beofy, in Worcesterjh. Clerk 60 Joanna 58 3OQ 60

Arjlcy, in Bedfordsh. Clerk St. Margaret's. Ipfwichy Clerk St. George'Sy Middlesex, Starchmaker 66 Rosamond 55 SO I0

63 Elizabeth ' 60 JOO 20 — —

50 Mary 48 SO IO — —

St. Mary Efy, Cambridge, Verger 65 Jane 64 50 10 — —

Garjlangy Lancash. Clerk 60 Mary 59 200 40 — —

St. Clement Dants, Mercer 66 Sarah 53 ISO 30

Steward of Bethlem 67 Diana 65 ,p0 — — 20

Clifton upon Dunfmorey Warwickshire 59 Mary 55 100 — — 20 — —

St. Bcnnetty Shoreditch, Clerk 59 Mary 50 200 40

St. Dunstan's in the West, Jeweller 54 Rebecca 47 250 50

jGreat Houghton, Northtonjh. Clerk 63 jfnn 62 200 40

Little BaddoWy Essex 64 Letitia 60 200 — — 40 — —

St. Michael's Corn hilly Mercer 56 Hannah 54 300 — — 60 — -

St. Alphagey London, Gent. 60 Martha 68 50 IO

Dedsham, Essex, Clerk 57 Eliz. Carolina 47 200 40

Uxbridge, Cambridge9 Clerk 65 Mary 62 200 40

St. Mary, BothaWy Lond. Clerk St. Peter's Cornhilf Gent. 72 Catherine 62 150 30

62 Mary S8 IOO 20

Lexdcny in Essex, Clerk 69 Elizabeth 7° 30O — — 60

Gravely, in Hereford, Clerk 60 Sarah 54 200 — — 40

Hurjley, in Hants, Clerk 63 Lydia 65 200 — — 40

Kingworthy, Southtonjb. Clerk 70 % Ann 60 I5o 30

Eastburny Sussex, Clerk 54 Mary 55 IOO — — 20

Todenham, Gloucesterjh. Clerk 73 Elizabeth, 68 1 200 — * — 40

Great Brickhilly Bucks. Clerk 56 Elizabeth 48 IOO — — 2o — —

Great Rollwrighty Oxonjh. Clerk 63 Elizabeth 58 20Q — — 40

Broxburn y in Here for djh. Farmer 72 Martha 64 100 20

AJlerby, in Lincolnjh. Clerk 65 Rebecca 63 IOO — — 20

St. Dunstan's in the West, Sadler 63 Dorcas 65 IOO — 20 — —

Newport, Isle of Wighty Gent. 55 Elizabeth 48 200 40

Warey Herts. Gent. 66 Mary 57 IOO 20

Bcltony Lincolnjh. Clerk \ 68 Mary 200 40

£ 10,750 2,150

1763. October 10th.

The Names of Annuitants in Expectancy, at £. 15 per Cent.

~ /74a

July4-

Sept. 26.

Feb. 6. 1741.

April 3-24. 29.

Thomas Ward. William Smith Theophilus Hill

'James Baird George Story Samuel Wilton

Jug. 28. William Bonnin

Feb. 26. Henry Taylor

1

V OL. 2$.

St. James'sy Westminster, Gent.

Bex ley y in Kent, Clerk Honningtony in Lincolnjh. Clerk

St. Margaret'Sy Westminster> Esq. Shittingtony Bedfordsh. Clerk St. Paul's Shadwell, Middlesex, Tallow Chandler Fulha/ny Clerk Crirwlcjy near Winchester

7° Ann 73 IOO IS

61 Murry 56 133 b 8 20

58 Ann 46 100 15

62 Susanna 61 300 45

60 Ann 54 IOO IS

52 Grace 49 IOO 15

5i Mary 51 200 — - — 30

52 Chrt/iian 48 ICO 15

£ 1,133 6 8 170 —

1763. QtUber

Mercers* C ’mpanjr

818 9° Febritcirii. 1764.

MercrtV

Company.

1763. October iotli.

The Names of the Annuitants in ExpeClanc'y, at zd £. zo per Cent.

1742. £. i. d. £. s. I

July 30. John Bransby St* Margaret’s Westminster, Apothe-

cary 48 Ann 41 ICO — — 20 —

Jug. 27. Thomas Scott St. Nicholas, Ipftuich, Gent. 58 Mary 5« 100 — — 20

Anthony Harrison St. Bennety Sherehog, Gent. 61 Sarah 61 200 — 40

Sept. 24. Abel Moyfcy Sherbon, Dorsetshire, M. B. 47 Elizabeth 5' 250 50

Richard Vincent Ccldham, Surrey, Clerk 62 Sarah 52 50 10

Dec. 31. William Groft St. Martin in the Fields 57 Mary 49 100 20 — —

Abraham Toulmin Old Gravel Laney D° George’s Fields,

Surgeon 58 Mary 54 ICO — — 20

Luke Trevigar Clerk 58 Elizabeth 58 JOO 20

Jan. 28. Henry Price Mr. Bridges's, CroJ's-Jl reefy Hatton-

Garden 69 Catherine 82 ICO 20 — - —

1743-

Apr. 29. Theophilus Dorring- Alhallowsy Staining, Gent*

ton 58 Ann S* 100 20

July 29. Henry Taylor Whitfieldy Oxonjb. Clerk 52 Christian 48 100 — — 20

Sept. 30. John Ashton Near the Church, Islington 68 Ann 65 200 40 — —

Dec. 2. William Walker City of Hereford, Button-maker 59 Mary 52 300 60

Feb. 24. Morgan Morse St. Pancrasy Soper Lane, Gent. 61 Ann 53 300 4 60

1744.

Apr. 27. Peter Layng EvettoTty Northtonjb Clerk 5i Susanna 49 300 60

june 29. John Potter Chiddingtoncy Kent, Clerk 49 Ma rtha 57 500 IOO

Richard Naish Badcombey Somersetsh. Clerk 55 Elizabeth 58 200 40

Sept. 2. John Chandler St. Mary Coley Apothecary 62 Mary 5 200 40 —

28. Ralph Morrison St. Buttolph Bishopfg. Gent. 61 Elizabeth 61 IOO 20

D/f. 28. John Knowles Coll. in Cambridge, Verger h5 Jane 64 50 10 —

Feb. 22. Peter TroJJi St. Lawrencey Exeter, Druggist Elizabeth 45 300 60

J/ar. 15. Joseph Walker St. Clements Danesy Button-maker 55 Elizabeth' 47 IOO 20

*745- -

Apr. 26. John Chapman Mersham, Kent, D. D. 58 Ann 66 200 40

Sept. 27. John Loveday St* Leonard\ Eastcheapy Stationer 67 Mary 63 IOO 20

£ 4*5° 830 —

A Collection of the foregoing Rates.

£. 30 per Cent. 700 210

£. 25 per Cent - 1,950 487 10 —

£20 per Cent. - 10,750 2,150

£1$ Per Gent. 1,133 6 8 170

2d £. 20 per Cent. - 4,150 CO OO O 1 I

£ 18,683 6 t ' 3>»47 10 -

(6.! Air

4 Geo. III. 90 Februarii 819

-( 6. )-

An ACCOUNT of MONEY LEGACIES left to the Mercers Company by sundry Benefactors to charitable Uses, {hewing the Benefactors Names, the Sums they left, and the annual Payments to be made for the lame; and what thereof was due at Michaelmas 1745, and in Arrear and Unpaid 8th November 1745, the Time the Company stopped Payment.

Annual

Donations Arrears

, Sums given. ' payable out of When payable. unpaid

Money Legacies. 8th Nov. 1745.

1582. Mar. 15. £. 266 13 4 The Gift of Robert Hi If on, to pay £. I J. 6/. 2d. per Am. £. s. 4. c s. d.

t. Michael Crocked Lam ----- 2 12 — I Year Michaelmas 1745 £ Year D® - 1 6 —

1602. Chlrf Hospital ----- 10 14 8 x3 8 4

Mar. I ft. 300 — — The Gift of Bartholomew Barnes, to pay Chrtft Hospital IO — — 1 Year Good Friday 1745 10 — —

, *575*

Sept. 8. 200 — — - The Gift of Sir Roger Martin, to pay £. 8 per Ann. Ludgate - -- -- - 2 — 1

Newgate - -- -- -(Food Street Compter ----- 2 — J Paid to Michaelmas 1745

The Poultry Compter 2 — — )

1579-

Mar. ii. 400 — — The Gift of Alderman HaydonM to pay Sf. Michael Pater- 13 6 8 \ Year Michaelmas 1745

noster Royal, Le&urer ----- 6 >3 4

- 300 — — The Gift of Alderman Heydon, to pay £ 10 per Ann. St. Michael Patemofter Royal Churchwardens W'hittington's Alms People ----- 2 12 — 1J Year Michaelmas 174$ 3 5 —

368 h D® — 16 8

Woodbury Poor ----- 368 D° — 16

The Wardens of the Company - — - 12 — D° 3 —

The Clerk - - - -- -The Beadle — 1 4 — 4 Paid to Michaelmas 1745

Hf ,s79. Mar. 11. 3OO — — The Gift of Alderman Heydon, to pay £.\o per Ann. St. Martin Vintry Poor ----- 3 £ Year, Michaelmas 17 45 15 —

St. Michael Patemofter Royal Poor - 3 — — i Year, D® 3 lS —

' St. James Garlichhythe Poor -St. Thomas the Apostle’s Poor - 2 — D° 2 10 —

2 — — D® 2 10 —

1584.

Sept. 25. IOO — The Gift of Martha Barrett, to pay £.j. 6s. 2d. per Ann. St. Michael Patemofter Royal Churchwardens — 16 8 J Year, Michaelmas 1745 1 10 —

St. Martin Vintry D® ----- Sr. Sepulchre's D® - -- -- — 16 8 i Ycat, Du — 4

1 *3 4 D® — 8 4

iS88. loo — — The Gift of Martha Barrett, to pay a Student of Divinity in Magdalen College, Oxford -i 5 j Year, Michaelmas 174$ 2 10 —

Off. 2. 333 6 8 The Gift of Nicholas St at ham, to pay St. Bartholomew's 16 13 4 £ Year, Michaelmas 174$

1 ft Off. Hospital - -- -- - 4 3 4’

24 Eton* 200 — — The Gift of Sir Thomas Rivett, to pay £. 5. 4s. per Am. St. Mar genet Lothbury Poor ----- 2 n — £ Year, Michaelmas 1745 3 5 —

7th Feb. Chippenham Poor ----- a 12 — £ Year, 22 August 1745 13 —

39th Eiiz. 00 O' r\ The Gift of Richard Barnes and his Son, to pay £. 6 per

Ann. ----- 2 19 8

St. Giles's Cripple gate Churchwardens -Whittington's Aims People - 1 j Year, Michaelmas *745 4 9 6

2 12 — Paid to Michaelmas 1745

The Renter Warden ----- — 5 — £ Year, D° — 3

The Clerk - — 34 Paid to D°

Clause with-

out Date. 1608. July 16. 200 — — The Gift of Frances Clarke, to pay the Poultry Compter 10 — — £ Year, Michaelmas 174$ 2 10 —

500 — — The Gift of Alderman Walthall; to pay £. 20 per Am. i£ Year, Michaelmas 1745

Christ's Hospital ----- Three po r Scholars in Cambridge, that commence Maf- 10 12 10 —

ter of Arts ----- 9 £ Year, Michaelmas 1745

The Wardens of the Company - 1 — — — s —

I $86.

April 24. 4OO — — The Gift of Peter Symends, to pay/*. 9. 18s.per Ann. Alhallowjy Lombard Street, Churchwardens -> For Bread to be distributed at Mercer's Hally and several 328 J Michaelmas, 1745 2 7 —

Prisons ----- 2 10 — 6 Year, 24th August 1745

The Mayor of Winchester - - - - 42 — »4 12 —

234 The Clerk of the Company Mr. Francis Flayer'* Gift, to pay £.y. 16 s. 0d. per Am. — 3 4 Paid to Michaelmas 1745

to the Poor of Brent Pelham» not appearing in the Company’s Books in the Appendix, N° I. to the

Report of the Committee to the General Court, the

28th February, 174$. The Annuity is computed at 30 Years Purchase; which amounts to £. 234* 7 16 — £ Year, Michaelmas 1745 1 19 —

V01. 29. 9Y

Mercer*«

Company

Mercers*

Company.

820

9® FebfUdrii.

A. 1764.

s turns given.

1630. Aug. 1.: £ /. d. 150 —

1631 May It. UJ

Clause without Date. 200 —

37-May I. 1630. April 30. 5° 270

200 —

1647. Feb. 4th. 14 Feb. l8th Chat. 1 xob — — Lioo

1647. Mar. 6. 200 — -

Clause with-out Date. 400 — -

150

400 — -

loo — -

1592. Aug. 22. 200 —

1601. Dec 2* 666 13

15^5. Mar. 21. 200 —

IC57® July 7. 200 —

1570. Stpt- 19 . 100 —

1J08. l 3- 100 -

Annual Donations payable out of

Money Legacies.

t'he Gift of Giles Martin, to pay Yarcomb Poor The Gift of Giles Martin, to pay Mamhead Poor

The* Gift of William Ferrer, tb pay £.6. 13 /. 4 d. per Annum.

Cktift's Hospitd -

The Howfe Warden -

The Renter Warden -

The Clerk -

The Gift of Robert Gibson, to pay Kirkbiaton and Huddersfield Poor -

The Gift of Alderman Ferry, Copay £. per Annum.

St Bartholomew's Lecturer -D° Clerk and Sexton- -

The Gift of Alderman Perry, to pay St. An Mm's Morning Lecturer -

The Gift of Samuel Goldsmith, to pay the Poor in Whit* tington's College -

The Gift of Lady Campden, for the Purchase of two Impropriations; in Lieu whereof the Company have paid.

A Le&urer at Grantham -

A Lecturer at Wakefield - -

The Gift of Edward Cropley, to pay the Poor of the

Company -

The Gift of Arm Ducket, to pay £.10. 13/. 4d. per Annum.

Six Poor Widows of St. Giles's, Cripplegate -

Four D° of the Company -

The Warden of the Company, for a Collation -The Beadle - -

The Gift of Peter Betkenhead\ to pay £. 5 per Annum For the Maintenance of two Sermons yearly, on the 30th \January, and 29th May -

To the Clerk -

D° for Wine and Firing -

To the Beadle and Chapel Keeper -

£. s. d.

10 — - —

6---

— 5 —

— 34

When payable.

> ,r I

The Gift of Thomas Langham, to pay Clapham Churchwardens -

The Gift of Sir Edward Desbouverie, to be distributed to such of the Company’s Poor, as the Mailer and Wardens shall think fit: but agreed by the Wardens, with the Content of William Desbouverie, Esquire, his Executor, to remain in the Compariy*s Phnds, at £.4 per Cent, per Annum, for ever; to be paid to the said Poor....

The Gift of Alderman Elkin, to pay Whittingtons Alms People -

2 10 -

12 — —

6-----

75-----

75-----

— - 10 —

— 3 4

4-----

- 3 4

— 10 —

— 68

Arrears unpaid 8th Nov. 1745.

The Gift of Alderman Barkley, to pay £ 10. 13;, 4 d.

per Annum.

Whittington's Alms People -

The Clerk of the Company -

The Gift of Sir Lionell Duckett, to pay £. 9 per Annum.

St. Lawrence Churchwardens - -

St. Mary Magdalen Milk Street, D*

St. Peters, Cheap, D° - -

The Renter Warden -

The Gift of John Marjk, to pay £. 10 pet Annum.

St. Lawrence Parish -

Uxbridge Poor The Marshalsea Prison The King's Bench Prison Ludgate -

Newgate -

Wood Street Compter -

The Poultry Compter....

The Mailer and Wardens, 2 s. 6d. each -To the Party who shall be assigned to the distributing his Donations -. - -

__The Gift of Alice Blundell, to pay St. £<*#r*»c*’sChurch-

1 wardens -

— — 'The Gift of David Jppowell, to pay £.5. 3/. 4d. per Ann

ii' — —

1 Year, id Nov, 174$

Year, kSth May 1745

1 Year, id Sept. 1745 J Year, Michaelmas 174$ D®

Paid to Michaelmas 1745

1$ Michaelmas 1745

Paid to Michaelmas 1745 £ Year, ill Sept. 1745

£ Year, 12th May 1745 Paid to Michaelmas 1745

Paid to Michaelmas 1745 } YearD*

Paid to Good Friday 1745 D®

D°

D®

Paid to flgth May 1745

D°

D*

£ Year, Michaelmas 1745

£. d.

10 — —

ft 10 —

6---

- 3

— 1 3

326

— 10 —

5 4 — Paid to Michaelma 1745

10 8 — Paid to Michaelm 174?

— S 4 D®

348 } Year, Michaelmas 1745

4 4 D®

4 4 f Year, D®

168 i Year, D*

— 15 — { Year, Michaelmas 1745

568 i Y*ar, t>®

1 — — i| Year, D®

1 — . — i Year, D®

— c — D"

10 — »®

5 — D®

D®

— 10 — J Year, D®

— 3 4 D»

2 12 — J Year, Michaelmas 1745

18 is —

s 10--

1 tj 6 1 *3 3 1 2 i - 6 S

- 11 3 2 13 4

1 15 -

- IS-

- 3 9

- 76

- 3 9

- j I

- to

- — 10

119

9 Fehuarii,

821

H

1

N

4 Geo. III.

1563.

Stpt. I.

OB.

1760.

*5

Man 10.

*521. 5W 30.

1760. Ob. 26.

1582.

1630.

May 20.

Proved 21. ^1^.1672.

Sum* given.

£ * d.

St. Laurences's Churchwardens 'The Clerk of the Company

200 -m — The Gift of Alderntau5<»/h77£r^ te pay £.10. 13/. 4

per Annum.

Whittington'* Alma People *

5/. Laurence Churchwardens Milk Street, D®

/. Michael Baffijhaw, D®

5/. Peter's Cheap, D°

To the House Warden -To the Renter Warden -To the Clerk - - *

200 — —

300-----

50

240

100-----

100 — —

2,200 — —

The Gift of Alderman Dauntfey, to pay £. 5 per Arm. St. Lawrence Churchwardens

St. Antholin's D® ..

The Gift of Sir John Allen, to pay £. 1* 131. per Annum.

Whittington's Alms People -

Milk Street Churchwarden* -

St. Nicholas Aeons, D5 St. Bennett Finch, D°

The Clerk of the Company - -

The Gift of George Birkbeck, to pay the Poor of the Company -

The Gift of Sir William Damsell, to pay Two poor Widows of the Company, £. 2. 10 j. each -

Annual Donations payable out of

Money Legacies.

1717* OB. 26.

Clause with out Date.

1630. May 20.

1701. June 30.

14th Dec. 20th Hen. 8.

100 — —

100 —

The Gift of John Banks, to pay St. Michael Bajftjhaw Churchwardens -

The Gift of Thomas Rich, to pay £.1. 13*. 4. pet' Ann,

The Clerk and Register of the Company -

The Beadle -

The Gift of Lady Jane Mico to the Company to build Alms-houses for Ten poor Widows of London, of the Age of 50 Yean and upwards, and settling them therein, £.1,500; which, with the Company’s Audition of Entered to the 29th June 1692, was £. 2,980, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery, and Indenture of Agreement of her Executors thereupon, dated 26th December 1682 Memorandum. The building the Alms-houses at Stepney cost£. 780. 5*. 9d. so that the remaining Money was £.2,200, which was to lie in the Company’s Hands at £‘4 per Cent, per Ann. Interest, per Order 20th April and ift September 1692; which Interest, amount* ing to £. 88 per Annum, was to be applied as follows; viz.

To Ten poor Widows £. 8 per Amt. each, by Monthly Payments -

The Rent of the Ground whereon the Alms-houses (land The Clerk of the Company - -

To Repairs and other Charges -

The Gift of Daniel Westall, to pay for Two Sermons in the Chapel on the Two Sundays in the Christmas Holidays. - -

200 — —

200 — —

The Gift of Sir Thomas Leigh, to pay towards the Repair of the Chapel....

The Gift of John Banks, to be lent to young Men, £. 2. 13 s- \d. per Cent. for the better Performance of the Uses for which he gave the Land* at Holloway.

1,000 — — The Gift of Thomas Papillion, Esq. to afford such charitable Relief as the Company shall find convenient, to any Person or Persons lineally defeended from him as shall be in Want.

The Gift of William Browne, to pay the Wardens of

the Company....

The Clerk.....' -

Four poor Freemen of the Company

15,969 —

The Arrears unpaid the 8 th November 1745 -Eighteen Year* Arrears of £.548. is. o$. the Amount of annual Donations, viz. from Michaelmas, 1745, to 10th Q Bober 1763 - -

When payable.

£. /. 4.

5 — - — D°

— 34 Paid to Michaelmas z 745

a 10- J Year, Michaelmas 1745

2 10 — D®

1 5 — D#

2 10 — 1 Year, D°

5 — j Year, D®

— 3 4 iYear, D®

— t % D°

— 4 Paid to Michaelmas 1745.

2 10 — 1 Year, Michaelmas 1745

2 10 — D°

- 4 i Year, Michaelmas 1745

— 9 — D®

— 9 — D°

— 9 — 5 J Year, D°

— 1 4 Paid to Michaelmas 174$

2 10 -

5 Paid to Michaelmas 174J

ij 4 1 Year, 26th OB. 1745

1 i 4 Paid to Michaelmas 1745

— 10 — ' Paid to 9 May 1745

Arrears unpaid 8th Nov. 1745'

80-----

1 5 —

2 —

4 IS —

Paid to iil Nov. 174$ Paid to Michaelmas 1745

Paid to Christmas 1744

— 10

— 3 41

5 4

1 —

191 18 j

9,16418 — 10,05616 3

i Michaelmas 1745 Paid to Michaelmas 1745 Paid to Michaelmas 1745

£ >. 3 >s —

i 17 6

1176

— 18 9 a 10 —

— 18 9

-----10

— i 8

1176

1 17 6

z 1;

— 69

a u 9

» 13

— 2 6.

191 18 f

VOL. 2§.

Mercer*'

Company.

A. 1764.

812

90 Februani.

Mercers*

Company.

— (7.,) —

A» ACCOUNT of the Mercers’ Company’s Bonds, shewing the Proprietors Names, the Principal Sums lent, to what Time the Interest has been paid, and the Interest incurred to the 29th September 1745.

Proprietor* of the Bonds Names.

Principal*

David Petty Esquire -

Joseph Williams ——

Elizabeth Clarks -

John Matthew\ assigned to Ric. Stanton -Henry Allen Esquire -

Francis Conduit -

Samuel Mason -

Wight Wolley, Esq; Houltpn Woolley, Esq; Administrator James Colebrooke, Esq; assigned to ^/. £///>/«

David Petty, Esq; -

Richard Windsor -

James Colebrooke, Esq. aigned to Jef. Kilpin Deputy RA Chauncy, assigned to Qbauncy Townshend, Esq. Edward Gregg -

Henry Kelfy, Esq. -

Benjamin Porter, Mary Porter Executrix - -

Richard Chauncy, Esq.

John Walker, Esq. assigned to Mary Martin Deputy RI Chauncy, assigned to Chauncy Townshend, Esq Richard Windsor -

Samuel Mason -

Elizabeth Jenyns -

James Colebrooke, and Hervey, Esq.

Richard Windsor and Maclean

Ditto -

Nathaniel Philips -

George Atkins, William Atkins Executor Joseph Atkins, Jab* Wiifen Seaton Executor Robert Brooke -

Hanger, Esq. -

obn Bayty -

George Atkins, William Atkins Executor

Pemberton -

James Colebrooke, assigned to Edwin Martin, Esq.

Aggy Stafi -

Sir William Jolliff Knight -

Nathaniel Newnbam, Esq.

Purcas -

and //mry Lancaster - -

Maria Stead -

Myster, Esq. -

r/rr Shaw, M. D.

Ditto

Ditto ——

Ditto ——

Benjamin Faulkner -

William Gigner -

Ditto ——

Thomas Patman - -

Thccphilus Dillingham, Esq. - -

Mary Porter -

Black all -

Samuel Sharpe

Bucknall Howard -

James Ann is -

Henry Tatlocke, John Tatlocke Administrator Barrington Eaton, John Eaton, Esq. Executor Thomas Morfon, Esq. -

Thomas Smalley, S*r. Browning Executrix

George Gilbert ....

Ditto

Stevens Tat ton

Ditto ——

Ditto 33 Days Interest due 25th Otfcb. 1745, on 3°° that Day paid off ^.1 i# -Lirry Hinton -

Thomas Hinton - -

Lucy Maria Hinton -

A/ary Eyre ——

To what Time the Interest hat been paid*

I Interest incurred to the 19th £9/. 17459 and unpaid.

a

*,000 — — 500 — 200 — — 500 — 600 — — 400 — — 500 —

2.000 — —

1.000 — — 500 — - — 500 —

1.000 — — 800 —

2.000 — -

2.000 — —

350 —

2.000 — —

2.000 —

200 —

1.000 — — 500 —

1.000 — —

2.000 — ---

1,000 — - —

1,000 -

1,000 — —

900 — — 100-----

1.000 — —

1.000 -- —

3>,0°-----

1,100 — — 1,000 -

1.000 — —

1.000 -

8.500 -

1,000 -

500 — — 100 — —

600-----

2,000 — —

2.500 — — 300 — — 200 — — 500 — — 200 — —

200 -

-00 — — 200 — —

3.000 -

100 — —

400-----

800 — — 100 — —

1.000 — —

1.500 -

1.000 — "

1.000 — — 800 — —

200 -

100 — -500 — -200 — -

500 — 500 — 500 — 1,500 —

17+5

*745

17+5

1744

1745

1744

1745

1745

1745

1745

1744

1745

1745

1745

1745

*744 1745 1745 1 "45

1744

1745 1745 1744 *745 *744 *745 *744 *745 *744 *745 *745 *745 *745 *744 *745 *745 *744 *744 *745 >745 *745 *745 *745 *745 *745 *744 *744 *745 *745

Sept. 28th. Apr. 18 th. Mar. 28. Ntv. 16. Sept. 29. D°

D*

Mar. 19. Sept. 29. D°

D°

D°

Apr. 22. Oft. 31. Mar. 25. Oil. 28. Sept. 29. D"

Apr. 8.

Oa. 3.

Oa. 6. June 13. July 11. June24.

D° ' Sept. 26. Sept. 29. Alar. 25.

D°

Sept. 25. Sept. 8. Sept. 29. June 24. Sept. 29. Sept. 27. June 24. 0£t. 14. Oa. 19.

May 27. Apr. 27. Jan. 22. Mar. 25.

Feb.8. Mar. 29. June 7. Mar% 27. May I. Fob. 15. May 5. Mar. 25. Sept. 26. June 3. June 4. June 24. June 26. Mar. 25. Apr. 9. Sept. 24, Apr. 5, Dec. 2. Feb. 22. Ofl. 22. Sept. 22.

D°

1745 May 19.

1>

D®

1744 Nov. 26.

Months. I Days.

3

6

*5

6

6

6

3

b

3

6

1

73

1

4+

lo

69

6 —

9 63

83

16 80

1

3 3

~ I 3

6 6

*1 4

21

3 —

12 —

— 2

3 9

77

I3

64

*>9

5*

22

2

59

45

55

I -

12

*5

3

3

3

6

6

3

9

6

3

3

3

9

2S

82

86

*7

38

7

4*

4*

4*

34

£ ' a

— 22

9-----

4 - 5 17 8 2

42 3 10

14 ~ 11

40-----

12 18 3

3 >6 4

11 15 -17 10 8

10-----

10 — — — 6 6

20 — — 40 8 9 7 2 7

10-----

40-----

— 4 4

85--

38 8 ^9

5 7

10 4 1 55 4

50-----

7 *4

6 4 4 — 10

3 5

7 9 7

3 4

60-----

4 7 -21 2 9 10 3 10

10 6 6

30-----

18 19 8 — 10 11

*5 *9 9 6 11 10

1 *J

4 7 4 11 4 4

50 9

4 Geo. III. <? Febtuarti. 823,

Proprietors of the Bonds Name#. Principal. To what Time the Interest has been paid. Interest incurred to the 29th Sept. 1745, and unpaid;

Months. Days.

John Withers L- A 400 — — *745 Aug. 4. . 50 £. i. 2 O I

Catherine Edwards . - - 100 — — *745 Aug. 25. — 36 - 7 8

John Crowder - - - - ' 400 — — *744 Feb.25. 6 35 9 m 8

Ditto - IOO — — *744 Mar. 29. . 6 . *S - 2. 2 a.

Barrington Eaton, John Eaton, Esq. Executor - 500 *745 Apr.I. 3 90 9 18 7

John Goodman ~ - 300 *745 Sept. 29. — "

Ditto - 300 — — *745 Sept- 40. , — 9 — J

Joftpb Goodman William WaUis- , - - - I0O — — *745 Sept. 29. — —

a* . 400 — *745 Qa. 9. , — —

Edward Gibson - - - - 1,000 — — *745 June 16. 1 *3 . u 8 5

Sarah Wilkes - - - an - 250 — — *745 %ly 1.; 90 2 9 3:

John Clarke - - - - 100 — — *744 Aug. 1. 12 59 4 n it

Robert Brooke - - - m 1,000 — — *745 Mur. 30. 3 9* 19 g

Daniel Rofbotham Philip Scarthy Esquire - - - - 1,000 " — *745 Sept* 2q. Map 25. , — —

- - m - 500 — — *745 3 35 6 »8 4

Susannah Page - - - 200 — — *744 Dec. %. 9 V $ u 14

Joseph Williams The Vicar and Churchward Btdfordshire - - - - 200 — — *745 Jpr.T. 3 1 8+ 3 *6 9

ens of Plitton cum e Silfi in 100 — — *744 Mar. 23. 6 6 2 t$

Francis Soutljworth IOO — *745 Apr. 5. 3 t 86 1 it

Timothy Helmfley - - - - . 1,200 — — *745 May 10. 3 50 18 11 6

Thomas Salter 5OO *745 Apr. 25. 3 66 s n a

Thomas Pearce - - - 200 — — *745 May 1, 3 I9 4 J jra

Sarah Cawthorpe - - - - 500 *745 Apr. f 3 64 8 10

Elizabeth Cawthorpe - - 500 *744 Oil. 27. 9 18 }0 1

John Dody M.D. - - - - 2,000 — — *745 June 2. 3 27 25 18 4

Saaah Sears - - - 100 — — *745 Sept. 8. 21 — 4 7

Samuel Pratt - - - 300 *745 Sept. 13. — 6 — 3

Sarah Miller - - ~ - 1,000 — — *745 Sept. 29. — - — M

Catherine Crawthorpe - - - - 500 — — *745 Apr. 27. 3 64 8 10 i

Susannah Trench - - - 2,000 — — *745 May 17. 3 43 29 8 4

Capt. Thomas Shackleton - - - - 200 — — *745 May 31. 3 29 2 12 8

William Glovery Esquire - - - - 5OO *745 June 24.. 3 — S

Sarah Jeffery John Callow - - - - 500 *745 Aug.2. — 58 336

- - - - 500 *745 Aug. 28. — 32 1 15 —

Robert Brooke - - - 500 — — *745 Mar. 25. 6 10

Interest due 29th September 1745, and unpaid Eighteen Years Interest of/. 84,600 0. 0. from 29th September 1745, to 10th Uttober 1763 Bond Debt at /. 3 per Cent. The Warden and poor Mcnoisrinity Hospital in Greenwich 84,600 — — *>°75 5 3 60,912 — — 146,587 5 3 100 — — 146,687 5 3 £ *»°7S 5 3

Voi» *9.

9Z

(?.) An

Mercers*

Compinf.

9* Febrtiarii

A. 1764,

824

-( 8. )-

Mercer*’ An ACCOUNT of several Sums due from the Company for Workmen’s Bills, and other Bills for Bufmelj Company. done before the 8th November 1745, the Time they flopped Payment.

Charles Crump, Clerk of the Company, his Bill for extraordinary Business, upon Account of Annuities to Widows, from Michaelmas 1742, t 1745, and for Pollage of

Letters, and writing Answers thereto, from 1726, to Michaelmas 1745 - -

Leonard Pead, Cook, several Bills, for -

Maurice Barrow, Wine Merchant, D*

Frederick Standert, Wine Merchant, his Bill for -

Samuel Ellis, Pewterer, several Bills for - - - . - -

Thomas Peacock, the Company’s Butler, D* ——

Thomas Lovejoy, the Company’s Bargeman, his Bill for ——

William Robinson, Surveyor, his Bill for'- - - - . _ -

Thomas Cutbird, Bricklayer, several Bills for - -

John Stephens, Carpenter, D*

William Tovey, Mason, D# - -

John Harford, Glazier, D* ——

William Cooke, Smith, D* -

Frances Chapman, Painter, her Bill for - -

Jeremiah Carr, Pavior, his Bill for ——

Thomas White, Printer, I)* ——

Samuel Walter, Beadle, several Bills, for -John Clarke, late Beadle, his Bill for -

263 15 -71 2-

29 - 4

2 9 —

4 16 3

6 10 —

7 14 —

5 15 6

xi 19 1 42 13 4

3 xi 4

3 5 4 5 5 6 526 1 6 3

4 7 6 q 18 2

7 10 5

486 1 6

Chri/l Hospital, the Balance due to them at Michaelmas 1745, of one Moiety of the clear Produce of the House in St. Mary Aix, which the said Hospital is intitled to, in lieu of 12. o. o. per Ann. given to the Hospital by Mr. Rich, for two of their Scholars -

29 5 -

515 6 6

Expiring

Law*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the Cit£ of Londonto apply-certain Sums of Money now in their Hands, or due to them of Arrears of Rent; and also all Monies which may hereafter arise from their annual Income and Estates, after Payment of their several Annuities, and other Sums charged and to be charged thereon, towards Payment of the other Creditors of the said Wardens and Commonalty, in Manner in the Bill to be mentioned: And that Mr. Cust, Mr. Glover, and Mr. Chauncy Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followed 1;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the

Rivers of Thames and Medway, which was to continue in force for Seven Years, from the Firi't Day of Avgujl 1717, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act of the Seventh Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of , and the Isle

of Thanet, which was to continue in Force during the

Continuance of the said Act of the Third Year of his said Majesty’s Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by several subsequent Arts of the 10th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the 8 th and 23d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 15th and 16th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations, to

land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Raljh Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1742, to the 29th Day of September 1749, and 14 from

4 Geo. III. 90 Februatii. 825

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the 23d and 3ill Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejotced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 24th Day of July 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the 26th and 32d Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September x 764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in (he Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tl»e Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual

securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1736, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the 13th, 24th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1731, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the 10th, 16th, 24th, and 3 ill Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Securing and Encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in which was to

continue in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the nth, 19th, 26th, 29th, and 31st Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the First Year of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1763, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly tp foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next vox,. 29.

Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the 17th, 24th, and 31st Years of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to "the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejilived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the 9th and 16th Years of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750; and which, by another Act made in the 24th Year of his said late Majesty was amended, and further continued to the First Day of September 1757, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 3 ill Year of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day

tember 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliamet; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th of June 1722; anu which, by several subsequent Acts made in the 16th, 24th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, and Third Resolutions of the Committee being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Seventh and Eight Resolutions of the Committee being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ninth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, vyas, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, Third, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Nugent, and Mr. Luttrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the more effectually pu-nifliing Persons wilfully and maliciously drawing up or damaging Flood Gates, upon any River made navigable by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Arts mentioned in the Fourth, Fifth, and Ninth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which were postponed.

Expiring

Laws.

8a6

9° Februarii. A. 1764.

Way* Mr. Alderman Dickin/ofi, according to Order, re-nd Mran*. porte(j from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Moans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, both which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Proposal and Resolution were read; and are as lolloweth; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose.

That they advance the Sum of £. 1,000,000 for the public Service, on Exchequer Bills, to be made forth by virtue of an Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, bearing Interest at the Rate or Premium of £.3 per Gent, per Ann. the said Interest to be paid quarterly, and the said Exchequer Bills to be charged and chargeable upon, and repaid by and out of, the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1766; and in case sufficient A ids or Supplies should not be granted for that Purpose before the 5 Day of April 1766, the same to be charged and chargeable upon, and be repaid out of, the Sinking Fund: And also, that they pay into His Majesty’s Exchequer the Sum of^. 110,000, to be disposed of by Parliament, without any Repayment of the Principal, or Allowance of Interest for the fame.

And they humbly further propose, that they be continued a Corporation, with the foie Power of Banking, for the Term of 21 Years, from the First 17(15, with all the Grants, Privileges, and Immunities they now enjoy, by virtue, or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament, redeemable afterwards on a Year’s Notice; and the repayment of all the Principal Money; and also the Payment of all the Interest Money which shall be then due and owing to them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which they shall hate remaining in their Hands, or be intituled <0 at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, (Inch Funds for the Redemption whereof Provision is already made in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force always and only excepted) they continuing a Corporation, with an exclusive Power of Banking, not-wit'hstanding such Notice given, till all the Money due 'to the Bank as aforesaid shall he paid them.

Robert Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Proposal oft he Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One Million on

F.xrhequer Bills, and for paying the Sum of One hundred and Ten thousand Pounds into the Exchequer, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and

Mr. Il llutein, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tallow Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House uni'onc't to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tr"in upon t he Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the IrtUid- Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease,

from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Merchants, Chandlers, and Soap Boilers, of the Town of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Tallow imported from Ireland, now near expiring, has, they presume, answered the good Intention of the Legislature, both to the Ease of the Public, and Advantage to the Revenue: And therefore praying, That Tallow may be imported free, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. r

Sir Jarrit Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the CluM* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole y( Iloule, to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. ^1

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j } J9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. a ynajlonreported from the Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "

" Morning next," and inserting the Words " Monday " Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Rerfwe/iff/yMorning next" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, } 1a-

Tellers for the Noes, j 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, Thnt this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

A Pet ition of Thomas Scrope, Esqu ire, was presented AjV^ to the House, and read, complaining of an undue Return for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they

do

Win of

V King, Esq.

Margaret

Qclosure'

fforbling

[tdofure*

ramcote,

&c.

Road

4 Geo. III. io°

do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V rneris, l o°;

Anno 4° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1764. Prayers.

MR. Kypafion reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed "him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lord George Sutton presented to tire House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common and Open Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of in

the County of Leicester And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Horhhv.g,in the County of and for

draining and improving the said Fen; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord loxo Bertie, Mr. Fitzherbert; Lord George Sutton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Parker, Sir John Glytine, Mr. Pitt, Doctor May, Mr. Morgan, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Begot, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Major, Mr. Waller, Mr. Archer, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bidler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tlioroton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Town-field, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Howe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Sewell, Sir Richard Wor-tvick Bampfylde, Mr. Cv.fi, Sir George

tham, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. OJbaUlcJhm, Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vane, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Webb, Mr. Clive-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in and near the Town of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented for a Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Odd House,

through Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and

through llkefion, Horfiey, WoodhauJ'e, Kilburn, and Bilper, to Bilper Lane End, which joins the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to WirIf worth, in the County of Derby1; and from Hqfl'ack Lane End, in the said County of Derby, to IVicfion aforesaid; and also die Road leading from Trowell aforesaid, through Woolaton, to the down of Nottingham; and that many Turnpikes have already been made in the said County at a great Expence, for carrying on the Communication with that Part of the Country which is proposed to be made by the said Petition; and that the Turnpikes already made sufficiently and effectually answer every Purpose of carrying on Trade gnd Manufactures; and therefore, that the Turnpike intended by the said Petition will only burthen and oppress the Country: And therefore Vol. 29.

Februarii. 287

praying the House, That the Petitioned may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, llkefion, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of and Derby, is referred: And that these Petitioners be heard by themselves, or their Cotinfel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrn&ion to the fold Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of the Mortgagees Of the Tolls arising or to be collected upon the Road from Bat,

near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, in the County of Derby, whose Names are subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,' That upon Credit of an Act; passed in the ^2d Year of King George the Second, for repairing the said Roads, the Petitipners and others advanced

£.6,500 and upwards for such Purposes; which Sum has been actually laid out in the; said Roads, and other necessary ExpenceS incident thereto: and that the Petitioners apprehend and believe their several Securities for the Money so by them advanced will be injured by thp Reduction of the Tolls, if the Bill now depending for making a Turnpike Road from Bramcote, through

Trorcdl, to Bilper Lawt? End 5 and from Trowell aforesaid, through WoHerton, to Nottingham, should pass into

a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant tha Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Raid Petition be referred, to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the West End of a Street in the Town of ,called the Bridge Gate, over the River Erwash, in the County of Derby-, and from thence, through to the Town

of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham -, and from Eastwood aforesaid, to the West F.ufl of the Town of

Nutthall, in the said County of; was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. herbert, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Barrow, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butler, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr . Stephens, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaf

ton, Mr. Onficrtc, Mr. Pill, Mr. Gray, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edmovjtone, Mr. Shut-Hewn rMr. Lultrell, Mr.-Shi filler, Mr. Upton, Mr. Archer, Lord Bertie,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. prudent Mr. Vavfitlart, Mr. Towy/hend,

Sir George Yonge, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Plumptre,

Sir George Montgomery Mel ham, Mr. Rice, Lord dleton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Not and Derby, was,

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed himtoreport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.. -

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Me. John Barber and Mr. Robert Barber being examined, said, That the Road leading from Awjworth Chapel, in

10 A the

Bramcote,

Sect

Road.

Derby

Road*

Ditto.

Bosworth

Inclosure.

Billefdon

Ioclofare.

Whertonc

Inclosure.

Kingston upon Hull to

Beverley

Raid.

§28

1 o" Februarii.

A. 1764.

the Parish of Nuttall, in the county of ,

to the intended Turnpike Road leading from To Nuttall aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the West End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge Gate, over the River in the County of Derby-, and from thence, through Eajhvood, to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham-, and from Eaflzvood aforesaid, to the West End of the Town of Nuttliall, in the County of Nottingham; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for repairing the Road from Awjworth Chapel, in the Parish of Nutthall, in the County of Nottingham, to the intended Turnpike Road leading from Eajhvood to Nutthall aforesaid.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Husbands Bofworth, otherwise Boresworth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read die First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Smith, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr! Bertie, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. George , Mr.

Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

cot, Mr. Parker, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Jennings, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edmun Mr.

Harris, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ptumplre, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr. On-

flow, Mr. Brand; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Whet-Jtone, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners haveobserved by the Votes of the House, that a Petition of the Trustees named in or appointed by an Act passed in the 17th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act; and also for repairing a Road leading from New-land Bridge, where it communicates with the said Road from Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, to Beverley aforesaid, to the West, End of the Town of Cottingham; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the repairing the said last mentioned Road will be of public Benefit; and that it is reasonable that a proportionable Sum should be raised Bpon the Tolls to be taken at the Turnpike Gates betwixt Kingston upon Hull and Beverley, and be applied for the repairing the said Road to Cottingham, as the

1#

Petitioners believe such'Tolls'will be Tufiicient for keeping both the said Roads in Repair, and in Time to enable the Trustees to reduce the Tolls, and to payoff the Money remaining due of what has been heretofore borrowed, and such Money as may be necessary to be borrowed thereon for the Repairing the said Road to Cottingham; And therefore praying, That such Bill as is desired by the above-mentioned Petition may be brought into the House, and may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the fair! Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed named in or appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the B!^ Poor in the Hundred of Bly thingin the County of Sufi fw

folk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holt,

Sir John Glynne, Mr. ShuttlezvortMr. Mr.

Reynolds, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Brudenell, Sir George 'Yonge, Mr. Tuffnell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Mr. Major, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Stephens, Captain Lockhart, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Admiral Cotes, Mr. Rojs, Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Maubey,

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bidler, Colonel Barre, Mr. Martin, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Shiffner, Colonel Fi/zroy, Mr. Ryder, Dr. Hay, Mr. Brand, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Clive, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Tozvnjhend,

Mr. Fairfax-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to W Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of and from Sutton

Saint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to But* whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term u(’1^ and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of

Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

General Townshend reported from the Committee, to tWg whom the Bill for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds in the Parish of in the County of

Norfolk, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdeliveredthe Bill,

with

lo° FebruarH.

4 Geo. ILL

Li.

Surpluses*

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; dnd then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, pursu&nt to their Addrefe to His M^jfefty,

Surplusses, dated the '5th Day of April 1763:. And also.

Surplusses, dated the 10th Day of October 1763. And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Ab-stra&s thereof are as followeth;

I:-.

;\: ‘

y1

T

r* of-

lt4

L.i"

r y.

F

‘it

) r.; ni-'

tS 2’

I® - 111-'"’

ji)C' ‘

111

OP"

0: ‘

to;.- Vol. 2<).

ABSTRACT of the

D

eg'

n'

cd

Cl

CT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

To Cacti remaining in the Exchequer the 10th of October 1762 To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1763; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - # -

H9>°79 *7 8 305,733 9 4$

894-,63i 18 1}

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant

to the Act 11# Georgii l"1. Page 146 ----- 86 — 3J

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1703, pursuant to

the Act passed 25° Georgii *2di, for consolidating the Funds; viz. £. s. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4® Georgii 2dl, for the

Service of the Yraj 1731 - 13,725 9 8

.Surplus of the Additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Act 160 Georgii 2* - - -8,130

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18°

Georgii a*1, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- 18,615

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act

19° Georgii 2dl for the Service of the Year 1746 - 19,378

The like of the Hates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted

by an Act 20° Georgii ?di, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - 62,937

The Income of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2il, for the

Service of the said Year - -- 24,485

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 21°

Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1748 ----- 156,979

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii l*1,

for the Service of the Year 1720 ----- 9

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, GoldorSiJver Plate, granted from 5th of July 1759,perAa 32° Georgii 2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - 2,095 — —

To the Duty of 3s. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant

to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl, Page 51, in that Behalf - - - 122,046 16 7

To the Duty of 12s.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2dl, Page 218 3,299 — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2al, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2dl, Page 457 - -- -- - 19,527 8 10J

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Act 1° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £.1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2L’1 - - 4,413 4 "

To the Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2*, Page 312 - 34,651 — 5

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant

to One other Act 290 Georgii act. Page 3*23 ----- 5,022 11 5

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to^iis Account pursuant to One other Act o,9n Georgii ad*, Page 33a - - 8,607 -n —

9 £ 2 8

11 1

6 4

8 3

said Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April 1763.

Pr.

957»'5‘

5. d.

9 H

Per Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor ind Company of the Bank of England, fd* Half a Year’s Intcreli, due the 5th of January 1763, being after the Rate of/'. 3 per Centum pa' Annum, on the principal Sum of £. ft 1,127,821, 5*. i\d. subst rrbeci to the Joint Stock of£. 3 per Centum transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 290, 32% and 330, Georgii 2 in that j&e-

Cr.

X

half

>-813,917 6>86i

4b

4

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Haifa Year's Intereik, due the 5th of April 1763, being after the Rate of £. frper Centumper Annum, on the principal Sum of^*. 17,701,323, 16s. \d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuitiestransferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Ad 250 Georgii 2*, in that Behalf ----- - *6$,si9 1$

ByD0, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - <4,978 9 lof

By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th of January 1763, being after the Rate of £. 3 10s. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of£. 1,500,000, Part of £. 2,000,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 224, in that Behalf ----- 26,250 —

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - 421 17 6

By Half a Year's Annuity, due the said 5th of January 1763, beingafter the Sate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24° Georgii A1, Page 39, Ui that Behalf ----- 31,500 —

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Yea^s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the famreTime pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf ----- 590 12 q

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, gfanted by an Act 3o° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th of January 1763 ----- 16*292 18 9

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Anuuity, xlue the said 5th of January 1763, on the principal Sum of £.8,240,000, in Annuities, granted by an Act Georgii 2dl, and £.12,000,000, in Annuities, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU, making together^.20,240,000, which were made one Joint Stock of,£. 4- per Cent. Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, by the Ad 2° Georgii 31'1, Page 211 - - - - 404,800 — . —

By D°, for Charges of Management for the same Half Year, on £. 8,240,000, Part of

the said Joint Stock of £. 20,240,000 in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - *>3*7 10 —

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of January 1763, on the annual Sum of £. 120,000, to continue for 98 Years, granted by the said Act 2° Georgii 3*1, Page 206 ----- 60,000 — —

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respedof FiveMillions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2d;f for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Management is charged on this P'lind by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761; for the Half Year ended the said 5th of January 1763 , -

5

loe Februarii. A. 1764

<5

o

r

Tw the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 32* Georgii 2dl ——

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like -To D* of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3*2° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad 330 Georgii Page

305 - - ....

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like -To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24* Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act *2° Georgii $lii, Pages *217 and 218 - ‘ -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di,

*7*3*5

4>344

125

8,131

5

4*

92,59*

4»97°

*d53

9 -

24,612 15 —

brought to this Account pursuant to D* ..... -143,136 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Gcqrgii 3ttC,

brought to this Account pursuant to Ba, Page 218 - - - - 27,037 — —

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made a Part

of this Fund, by one other Act, 2° Georgii 3lU, Page 189 - - - 6,288 2 6

The Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to One other Act, 2* Georgii g11, Page 197 ... 65,583 — —

910,236 16 8|

1,804,955 15

£. 1,762,107 4

PP

<9

W

D

i I

n'

CD

CL

O"

w

n

H

W

n

H

By Cash, taken to make pood the Deficiency on the said 5th of January 1763, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act Si* Georgii 2*, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3 103. per Centum on £.4,500,000, and £.3 per Cent, on £.500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 746, in that Behalf - 00,690 »4

By Cash taken fo$or towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of

the Year 1762, pursuant to an Act 20 Gcoririi 3*11, Page 940, in that Behalf - - 1,009,217 2

By Calli taken in Part of £.2,000,000, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of

the Year >763, pursuant to an Act Georgii 3% Page 404, in that Behalf - - 595*343 6 41

£. 2,762,107 4 r. -r-~r-----, n#

This being the Eij 90 Georgii 1®1, 1764, by me,

Ei"hty-first Half-yearly Account, made up purfiaarrt to the Act Page 367, is humbly pee feu ted* this 10th Day of Fcbriuiry

00

4 Geo. III. 10"

g

cq'

N

CD

Q-

cr

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

ABS I HACT of the said Surplusses stated, the iothDay of October 1763. Dr.

00

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1763; vfc. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 -

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

To Monies brought to this Account the 10th of October 1763, pursuant to the Georgii 2dl, for consolidating the Funds, viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1731 -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts if)0 and 170 Georgii 2di -

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 18* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 -

The like of the Duties upon Glass ami Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 -

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 200 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 -

The like of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act 2o" Georgii id!, for the Service of the said Year -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 210 Georgii 2^, for the Sendee of the Year 1748

The Duty of Cd. pei' Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720 ——

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted fVom the 5th of Jufy 1759, per Act 32°

Georgii 2^, and brought to this Account piaiTnanr to the said Act To the Duty of 35.4*/. per Putin. 1 on Salt, brought to this Account pur (bant to an Act 26* Georgii 2dl, Page 51, in that Behalf -To the Duty of 12*. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27* Georgii 2dl,

Page 218 .....- - - -

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,240,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28? Qenrgiiv*1, Page 457 - - 32,218 *- 4

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Batik of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl - 20,978 1 9

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2ai, Page 312 16,468 19 11 To the additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant

to One other Act 29° Georgii 2d*, Page 323’ - - - - 3,497 17 6

To the lewral Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or *Chxff6nrfe, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 331 - 9,457 —

Act passed 250 £ s. d. 16,926 10 3 13.458 4 4 3° >485 — — J 16,604 — — 60,347 3

25,602 !8 6$

188,902 7 31 80 —

5,235 — 97>®95 1 9J

4,091-----

£. s. d. 800,418 — 6j 1^4.971 12 9r 389,411 l8 2$

L3i4>8oi 11 i

Per Contra

Cr.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Intereli, due the 5th of July 1763, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.21,127,821 5s. 1 \d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £.3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 290, 32®, and 33° Georgii 2dI, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the 10th of October 1763, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £-17,701,323 165. 4d. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act 25* Georgii 2dl, Page 598, in that Behalf -

By IP, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1763, being after the Rate of£.3 105. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.1,500,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2di, Page 224,in that Behalf -

By T)°, for (’barges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Half Year -By Half a Year's Annuity, due the 5th of July 1763, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on # Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the A^t 24° Georgii 2di, Page 39. in that Behalf -

5y the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Haifa Year’s Allowance for "Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Bqhalf -

By Cash, taken to answer Annuities oh tingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted.by an Act . 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on'this Fond b) an Act 32* Georgii 2^, foe the Half Yea* ended , the 5th of July 1763 ——

By the Chief Caliber of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1763, on the principal Sums of £.8,240,000, in Annuities, granted'by an Act 33° Georgii 2dl, and £.12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3lii, making together £.20,240,000, which were made One Joint Stock of £14 per Cent. Annuities,. transferable at the Bank of England by the Act 2° Georgii 3th, Page2i 1 -

By D#, for Charges of Management for the same Half Year, on £.8,240,000, £. s. d.

Part of the said Joint Stock of £.20,240,000 in £.4 per Cent. Annuities - 2,317 10 —

By D° mqre for Charges of Management for One Year and Half on £. 12,000,000 other Part of scht f%id Joint S*ock. of £.20,240,000, in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, due the 5th of July 1763 - - - . ' - ,.....10,125-

By the said Chief Caliber of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a . Year’s Annuity, duo the said. 5th of July 1763, on the annual Sum of £.120,000, to continue for 98 Years, granted by the said Act 2° Georgii 3rU, Page 206 - - - -‘

By D®, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for One Year and an Half, due the said 5th of >(0763 - - . - - - - " -

By the said Chi f Caftber of the Governor ami Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Manage ~ ‘ '

an Act j on this ]

July 1763

316,917 6 4I 5,861 3 ll{;

265,519 17 It

4,978 9 10

26,250 — — 421 17 6

31,500-----

590 12 6

16,257 18 9

404,800-----

12,442 10 —

60,000.-----

2,531 5 —

1,406 5

0\

4*

i o° Februarii.

Jo the additional Stamp Dutiesou Pamphlet* and printed Papers, granted by act

4* Act 30® Georgii 2", brought to this Account pursutmt to the Act* 32* j

C Ucorgii *2d| - -..... 33,37^ 3 t

r To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - - 7,116 jo } j

ro To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences for retailing Wine, the like - 11,270 if I

r5 To - - I)' - of the Duties on Licences' to retail Spirituous Liquors, the I

,like *.....- j^89a 9 4

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32*

Georgii *2dl, brought to this Account pursu^nt to the Act 33* Georgii iai,

Page 305 - - 124,551 15 H,

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like - - 5,810 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like ----- 1/215 —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an 24° Ceorgij 241,

brought to this Account purftiant to n Att *2w Georgii 3ul, Pages 217 and 218 30,134 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2dl,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 185,337 — , __________

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 3® Georgii 3*11,

brought to this Account phrfuant to D", rage 218 35,702 — —

To the Rates and Duties upon Window s‘or Lights, granted and made a Part of

this Fund, by One other Act, 2* Georgii 3tU, Page 189 - 22,878 — —

The Duties on Malt, granted by an Act 33tfGeorg« 241, brought to this Ac*

count pursuuuf to One other Act 2* Georgii 3tU, £age 197 - - 208,967 — —

----- — - i,222,il2 12 —

D

cq‘

n‘

CD

CL

cr

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1763, for the Purposes following, by the -Act 3* Georgii 3ui, Page 395, in that Behalf, viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good the £ *. d.

Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1702, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pen lions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which

v.ejfo 'made a Fund by an Act passed in_ the 31st Year of the Reign of his:

late Majesty, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of:

Fke MiUioua, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the "

Year 1758 - - 48,891 14 11

To replace to this Fund the like Sum, paid out of the fame, to make good th

Deficiency on the 5th.Day of January 17 62, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ate, u> answer and pay the several Annuities of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, and £. 1 2 s. 6d.per Centum, on£.ii ,400,000, Part of £12,000,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted to tlis Majesty by an Act made in the

firit Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for the Service of the Year 1761 - 26,710 *-----

-----75,601 14 11

£. 2,613,215 '

C5

3

By the said "Chief CiU^iur of tlmGoverijor and Company of the Ban)< of England, for ttftlf

YourY luterclh due the 29th of September 1763, being after the Rate of £ 4per Centk per A,nuuu, on the principal Sum 0^.3,485,553. is. Lod-. the Amount of the Navy, Victuaifing, and Transport Bilk, and Ordmmce Debentures, subserlK'd for Antiuitiercharged on this Fund, by an Act ly Georgii 3tU', pages 256 and 257, which Sum is to ho ce-placed to this Bund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the nextScffiou of Parliament, after issuing the ftmje, as by (^iaiifu in the foum Act, Page 2(55, in that Behalf - - - *

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1763, of the several Rates and Duties upon Odices agd Peufcujs, and upon Moufes, ana upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Bund by an Act 310 Georgii 1*, fin* paying Annuities at the Bunk ot'Engfatvh after the Rate of jT. 3. 105. pa' Cent. 011 £. 4,500,000, and £. 3 ptv Cent. on £. 500*000 iu Lottery Annuities, making together Eive Millions, borrowed towards the Supply grauted for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this l;und out of thcJidi Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act> Page 74J&, in that Behalf. By Calli taken to mak*: good the Deficiency on the 10th of October-1763, of the several additional Duties onXVine* imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duiies-upon all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3*, for, paying Annuities at the Bauk of England, after the Rate of £. 4 per Chf/. on £. 3,500,000, borrowed towards the-Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is.to be replaced to this Fund out of the tirlt Supplies to be granted in Parliament, aspar Clause in the said Act, Page 328, ij> that Behalf - - . - -

By Calli paid the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished thvExehequer Bill Qffioo By Calli taken in further Part of £.2,000,990, granted out of this Fund towards the: Supply of 'the Year 1703, purfoaut to an Act 3* Georgii 3Ui, Page 404, in that Behalf -

By. Calli remaining in the Exchequcrthe 19th of October 1703, to boapplied towards cwpfoafr* iqg the said Sum of £ 2*oooo,o<io, granted for the Service of the Year 1763 -

*o,53« 7 e

36,699 *5 4 —

«oir, Q57 15 si ►"*

— ’ o

1,484,438- gr a e

1/I*f,7.77- 9- —

0,6^,215 18 6

This being the Eighty-fecqpdHalf-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 4scoi'gii i®*, Pago 367, U huinUJy printed, thi^ioth Day tf.Fcbrivuy. 1764, by me

C. Jenkinfoju

OO

tJK>

834

io° Februa

A. 176^.

Leave of Absence.

Account; Militia Pay and Cloathing.

Account; Whale Fins and Oil.

PubPc

Annuitant*.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I louse.

Ordered, That Mr. John Parker have Leave to go into the Country, upon account of the Indisposition of his Lady.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and (’loathing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 2 5 til Day of March 1763.

Ordered, That the Account of the Weight of Whale Fins, and Quantity of Whale Oil, imported from Holland into England, from Christmas 1755 to Chrijhnas 1763: distinguishing each Year; be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others His Msi jesty’s British Subjects concerned in the Whale Fishery, is referred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the several Nominees of Annuities fur Lives, with their respective Ages, as they were last delivered into the Exchequer, for the Payment of the said Annuities; distinguishing the several Species of the said Annuities, and the Years when the same were respectively created; and also a List of the Names of the several deceased Nominees of the said several Annuities respectively; distinguishing, in like maimer, the several Species and Years of their Creation; together with the several annual Sums that are and were payable to the said Nominees, living as well as deceased, in respect of their said several Annuities.

Sir Jarrit Smith, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bil; and which they had directecl him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

0/dared, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. \

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Privilege; Ordered, That Mr. John Money do attend this llonfe, Mr. Wiikcs- upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That. Mr. Robert Blackmore do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Janies Wat Jon do attend th*i3 House, at the same Time.

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 5th Day of March 1688, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon a Motion for. a Bill for taking away the Duty of Hearth . Money, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bringina Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made, in the last Session of Parliament, as lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T allow imported from Ireland.

Mn ine Forces.

Duty on Cyder nd Ferry.

Tellers for f Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, ] the Yeas, Mr. Foley: ’

Tellers for ("General Townfiiend, "

the Noes, \ Mr. Thomas: Pitt. . ]

So it passed in the Negative.

u_ 5.

►204-

Duty on Cyder and Perry.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that Leave he given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry;

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of such Alterations and Amendments^ may be proper to be made in such Part of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti-tituled. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cyder and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof;

The House resumod the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. JenkmJon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr

Whateley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved,- That* this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confldcfr further of the Supply granted to His.

Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Brown do attend this Privilege; House, upon Monday Morning next. Mr-Wllkw*

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Scofield do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Hopkins, Esquire, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Humphry Coates, Esquire, do attend this I louse, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Gardiner,' Esquire, do attend his House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Beardmorc do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Timothy Fairbones do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathan Carrington do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Balfe, do attend thij House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Kearjley do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Edinburgh

Roads.

Stainton in the Hole Inclosure.

Loddon

and

Clavering

Poor.

Mutford

and

Lothingland

Poor.

Ledbury

R#acU.

4 GeO. III. Fehfuarii. 833

Luna> 130 die Februarii;

Anno 4d Georgii IIItU Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

A MES Alric took the Oaths appointed, in J to his Naturalization*

///>/>.?* Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bertie, Lord Gage, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Harley, Sir John GLynne, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Wilbraham Bootlei Mr; Butler, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Drake, Mr. Buller, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Newton, Mr. Tozvn-Jhend, Mr. Hervey; sind all the Members who serve for tile Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, Salop, order1 an(* Monmouth;. and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Fivfe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Dundas, A Bill for inclosing and dividing io in&dh of the TucMnihant of Arnifton, Lord President of the Court of Session, Sir Moor or Common, called Radley Moor, as lies vfithiii IaclofuKi Alexander Dick, of Priestfield, Baronet, and others, the Manors of North alias Saint Clere's;

Trustees for the Turnpike Roads of the County of MattijTuddenham On the Part of North Edinburgh, and of other Freeholders and Heritors in ham, and Rellhouse Hall, and in the Pafifli of North the said County, is referred. Tuddenham, In the County of Norfolk, dnd certairi

other Commons and Wades within the said Manors

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. WJiichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Ijoddon and Clavering, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ilar-hord. Sir William Baker, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Ma whey. Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Upton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Wood, Mr. Foncreaa, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Montagu, Mr Onslow, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Parker, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hervey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Burrell, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fidler, Lord Orwell, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Webb> and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ill the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Harbord, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mazvbey, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jairit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burt, Lord Gage, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Foley, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Giynne, Mr. Shaftoe, General Lambton, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir George Savile, Lord John Cavendish, Colonel Hof ham, Lord Orwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Terms of, and amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Led-, bury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromef-berrow, in the County of Gloucester, to Staunton Swan, in the County of fVorceJier; and from thence through Corse Lawn,t\\\ it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worceder; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foie}/, Mr. Howard, Mr Gray, Mr Kynaston, Sir John Pif

Vol. 23.

and Parish, was read a Secohd Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to’ Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Fullei', Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Buller,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kytiafion, Colonel Barre, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Prat, Mr. Lozvri-des, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir William Baker, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Webb, Mr. Roberts, Sir George Saviie, Mr.

Mordaunt, Sir John Giynne, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Jairit Smith, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dowdesivell, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wood, Mr. Parker, %r Edward Turner, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Champion, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Hozve, Mr. Selwyn, Colonel Jrivin, Mr. Amyand, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Norris, Lord Harry Pozdett, Mr. Onslow, Lord George Sackville, Mr Clive, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr , Cufl9 Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Waller, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Midleton, General Con-way; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Cambridge, and Lincoln:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, to whotn Wigan the Petition of Thomas Blinkhorn and Thomas Waltum, Waterworks, both of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Bromley said, That he is an Inhabitant of Wigan; and, byreaion of its Situation upon Coal Mines, the Inhabitants are greatly difirefled for want of good Spring Water.

That a sufficient Supply of Water may be brought by Pipes from a Common called Wigan Lane, and from a Spring called Byewell, for supplying the said Town* and that Sir Orlando Bridgeman, Baronet, Patron of the Rectory to which the Lordship of Wigan is annexed* and the Reverend Mr She rley Coates, the present Rector, and all other Persons interested therein, have consented to this Undertaking, and aredefirous to have it carried into Execution; but that the same cannot be done, without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brinj* in a Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, with fresh and whoifome Water:

And that Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Hewetti Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Bridgeman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Exemplification of Will of ° roC the T.King, Esq.

83 6 i ffebrmrii. A. 1764.

the Will of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third Time.

llefolved, That the Bill'do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all. Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain, and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Delanne’s A Bill for vetting Two Shares in Ranelagh House, " 1 ’ Gardens, and Premisses, late the-Pilate of James De* laane, deceased, in John Ferret and Robert Edmefion, and their Heirs, in Trust, to (ell the fame, and’apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delaune, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said pill.

Sherbrooke, Mr. Shuttleworth presented to the House, according *c. to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual

Roads. several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from

Sherbrooke IJill, near Buxton and Chappel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Frith, and to Spaarow Pit Gate; and from Whaley Bridge to the Western End of Loifgside Common, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the B81 be read a Second Time.

Then your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of that Part of their Petition, which relates to the Recovery of small Debts within the said Borough and Soke.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, withimthe Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York.

Ordered, That JLeave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the said Borough: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempefi, Sir Walter Wagstaffe Bland’s Bagot, Mr. Bagot Mr. Henniker, be added to the Effete*. Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, for a Division of certain real Estates, in the (County of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, Baronet, deceased; and fojr oilier Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Sudccates to Order, a Bill (or establishing and confirming the In- lrclosure. closure and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoafes, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Thomgumbau Doncaster Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain DrauiaSe* Small Debts, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capi- Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township tal Burgesses of the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in of Thomgumbald, in the County of York: And the the County of York, and other the principal Inhabitants same was received; and read the First Time.

of the Town, Borough, and Soke of Doncaster afore- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

said, was referred; and who were directed to report

their Opinion to the House, upon that Part of the said An ingrossed Bill for draining certain Fen Lands Hclg3y

Petition which relates to the Recovery of finall Debts and Wet Grounds in the Parish of Helgay, in the Drainage, within the said Town, Borough, and Soke; That the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tition; and hadxlire&ed him to report the fame, as it be, AnA&for draining certain Fen Lands and wet appeared to them; together with -their Opinion upon Grounds in the Parish of Helgay, in the County that Part of the Petition, which relates to the Recovery erf Norfolk.

of small Debts within the said Town, Borough, and Ordered, That General Townshend do carry the Bill Soke, to thh House; and he read the Report in his to tfye Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

Table. Where the same was read; and is as fol- . Mr. Upton presented to the House, according to Or- Kirkby loweth; viz. der, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of in Kendal

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. small Debts within the Town and Parish of Kirkby in Small Debt! Thomas Middleton being examined, said. That the said Kendal, in the County of WestmorelandAnd the fame.

Town is large and populous, and hath several small was received; andredfi the First Time.

Vflls or Hamlets within the Jurisdiction of the said Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and that a consider-

able Trade is carried on in the said Town; that many The House was moved, that the Order made upon Milford

Persons give*Credit for small Sums of Money, and that Tuesday lad, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill through

Debtors frequently refuse Payment of such Sums, for amending and widening the Road from a Place availing themselves of the Difficulties their Creditors near the Village of Milford, through Hafiemere, and are put to in filing for the fame; and he apprehends, over Carpenter's Heath, to the Portsmouth Road between that it would be very advantageous to the Traders Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surreyr within the said Town and Soke, if a Jurisdiction was Sussex, and Southampton, might be read, established therein for the more easy and speedy Re- And the fame being read accordingly; covery of small Debts. % Ordered, That the Paid Order be discharged.

That it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabi- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

tants of the said Borough, and to Travellers going for amending and widening the Road from a Place near through the fame, if Provision was made for lighting the Villageof Milford, through Hafiemere to the Porlf-the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places mouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several therein. Counties

A

Lambeth

and

Newingfon

Roads.

Mailing Stieet near Lewes Road.

Colneis and Carl ford Poor.

Ledgers

AOiby

Inclosure.

4 Geo. III. rtf Fevru8$

Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton .* And that Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Philip Carteret Webb, Mr; Peter Burrell, Sir Francis Vincent± and Mr. Onslow s do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent prefen ted to !the ttonfe, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening,* and keeping in Repair, several Roads in Vhe several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; and f6r lighting and watching the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the* 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, neat Lezoes, and other Roads, in Suffer, to the lload leading from the North End of Offham, to the Spital Barn in Lewes aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sergt-son, Mr Butler, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gfey, Mr. Puller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Calvert, Mr Burnell, Sir John Glyniie, Mr. Blackfldne, Colonel Hozve, Mr. Gray, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilbraham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Orwell, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. tVebb, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Wood; Mr. Tonm/hend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Morddiiiit, Mr. Frederick Vane, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Butler, Colonel lldzve, Mr. Blackstone. Lord Midle ton, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Holt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. & anbury, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, M r. Fonereau, Colonel Irxbin, Mr. Bull, Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Buttell, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wilbrahtn Bootle, Mr. Rices Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Loivndes, Lord Gage, Mr. Wilbraham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for irtctofing and dividing the Common Fields,- Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Paritti of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sdzdys, Sir Robert Long, Mr. B'lackstone, Mr. Citmpbell, Mr. Richmond Webb, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Scudamorej&it Alexander Grant, Mr% HvJke, Sir George Pococke, Mr. Hunt, Lord Orwell, Mr. Alderman Harley, SirEdxOardHawke, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hxffty, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bmsrell, Sir' John Evelyn, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilbraham Bootie, Mr. Stuart, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Toxvn/heM, Mr. Gilbert, Kir. Jackflm, Sir Jdrrit Smith, Mr. Boone, General rPConrt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Morion, Mr. Bull; and all the Members wlto serve for the- Go Unties of VOL..29.

Northampton, Lerceffer, Wahvictr, &ri& Huntingdon I And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tlte Speaker’s Chaimbdr.

A Bill for repairing, widening* and keeping hi’Re* pair, Vlie high Roads leading from Alfretonb in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, Called Stbckwell; and from the Bridle Gtite, at the Division of the Liberties of R lack Well and Hucknall, through the Town of Sidtdht hi Af(field, to the Mansfield and NeWark Turnpike ’at or near Python Hill in t!h'e Forest of Sherivbod, in this County of Nottingham; ivas read a Second, Time.

Resolved, That the feill be committed to Mi*, tlbzbet Sir George Saviie, Mr. Sdnch/s, Sit* Charles MdrdaUht, Mr. Kyitaflon, Sir John Philipps, Ml. Thivnjlteitd91 Mr. Vane, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir Willihtk Meredith, Mr. Morton, Mr, iVkichcot, Mr. Mohldgu, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Purker, Colonel BarrS, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Champion, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Lord Orwell, Mr. Prat, Mr. Grtiy, Mr. John Packer, Lord Grey, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Butler, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Robihfon, Mr. Cdivert, Mr. Fonereait, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Stanley, Mr Harris-, &nd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln> and Derby: And they are to meet this After-boon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers and Occupiers Of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the several Townships of Bentley, Walkington, Little Weigh-ton, Hunjley, Risby and Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Townships above* mentioned lie on the Wed Side Of the Town of Co\-tinghams iti the said Riding, alid in or nekr tile Road from thence to the City of York; and that the ancierit and accustomed High Rdad from the said Towns to thfe Town of Kingston upon Hull, lies through the said Town of Cottingham to the North Side of Nezvland Bridge, where it communicates with the Turnpike Road betwixt Kingston upon Hull to Beverley, and from theneje to Kingston upon Hull aforesaid; and that since the Act for repairing the Road between Kingston Upon Hull and Beverley took Place, a Turnpike has been placed between Neibland Bridge and Kingston upon Hull afor^-said, at Which the Petitioners always paid the full ToII£, although they have had the Benefit only of oiie Fourth Part of the said Road; and that the said Road, through and from Cottingham to Nezvland Bridge aforesaid, is so very rriftious, that the Petitioners are unable to travel through the same without great Difficulties and Danger; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the TrustCes to the said Act intend to petition this House for a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and to amend and repair the said Road from Nezvland Bridge to and through Cottingham: And therefore praying, that if such Bill be brought in, the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, named in or appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the 17th Yedr of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road’ between the Town of Kingston upon Hidl and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, is referred.

A Petition of John Wyndham Boyer, Esquire, fofe Proprietor of the Parish of Waghen, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read'; Taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House, for a Bill for enlarging the Terrh and Powers of an A6fc of the 17th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of

Kingston

AlFrcton,

&c.

Road.

Kingston upon Hull to

Beverley

Road.

Ditto.

838 13° Februarii. 1764.

Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the Ealt Hiding of the County of York, and enabling the Trustees, out of the Tolls to be collected upon the said Hoad, to repair an additional Branch of Hoad from Newland Bridge to the Welt End of the Town of Cottingham; and that the Petitioner apprehends, the appropriating any Part of the said 'foils, to be collected upon the old Road, towards the Repair of that Branch of Rond, will be a great Hard ship to the Inhabitants of Waglion, who do not make an equal Cfe of the Old Turnpike Ijload with the Inhabitants of Cottingham, and consequently detrimental to the Estate of the Petitioner; And therefore praying, That no Appropriation whatsoe.ver may be made of any Part of the said Tolls, contrary to the Direction of the said Act; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Horftam A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Roads. Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinfted, Ashhurst, Stapling, Bramber, and Breeding, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler,

\ Mr. Thomlinjon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir

William Meredith, , Mi*. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Jlcwett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Toicnjhend, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Waller, Mr. Buller, Colonel llotham, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Armstead Parker, ^U. OnJlozc, Mr. Fuller, Sir George J emit age, Mr. Forrester, Sir Francis Vincent, Air. lhtjhout. Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Gray, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Cocks, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Webb, Doctor Hay-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hands and Air. Anguish:

Air. Speaker,

Hackney The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nightly for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor w^tch, within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlefe.v; and for lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; without any Amendment: And also,

GutMorough T'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

and Coton Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. nion Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within Guiljborough, Coton, and Nor toft, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also, Dingman The I>ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Act for natural iz ing William Dingman and John lleincke, Reincke’s without any Amendment.

And then the Alefl’engers withdrew.

H?.t A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Manufacture, thereunder written, being Alakers and Venders of Hats in the Town of Newcastle under Line, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Alanu-fasture in that Town and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition from the Hat Manufacturers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, complaining of great Quantities of Beaver Skins being exported, and a Drawback allowed of the greatest Part of the Duties paid on such Exportation; which the Petitioners look on as a Bounty paid out of the Customs of Great Britain, to encourage and enable Foreigners to work up Beaver cheaper than the Hatters of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the 18

House to take the PremiIts into Cdnsideration; and to give such Preference over Foreigners in what Beaver remains to be worked up in Great Britain, Us the Importance thereof deserves, and as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beuver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain; and also, the Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, residing in and about London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen of the same Trade; and also, thq Petition of several Persons resident in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and in Parts ad- v jacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Huts made with Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the same Manufacture in Great Britain; were severally referred; and that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Beaver Skins imported into and exported from England fronj C/mftmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; with the Amount of the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon, be referred to the said. Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Beaver Wool exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which exported; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England, from Christmas 1759 to Mid-summer 1763; distinguidling each Year, and to what Places; be referred to the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Privilege; hearing of the Alatter of the Complaint made to the Mr. Wilkes. House upon the 20th Day of January last, of a Breach of the Privilege of this I louse, by Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, a Member of this House, Robert Blackrnore, James Watson, and John Money, by the Imprisonment of the Person of John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Alember of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illegal Manner.

And Air. Webb and Air. Wood attending in their Places;

And John Money, Robert Blackrnore, and James Watson, attending, according to Order; and being called in;

Several of the Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in Support of the said Complaint.

And they were severally directed to withdraw.

Then Air. Webb and Mr. Wood were heard in their Places.

And John Money, Robert Blackrnore, and James Watson, were also heard.

ri hen another of the Persons who was ordered to attend this House this Day, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined; and Evidence was produced; in A11-fwer to the said Complaint.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And John Money, Robert Blackrnore, and James Watson, were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further hearing of the Alatter of the said Complaint be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The

ie

Supply.

Bromley

Inclosure.

Stalndrop

Inclosure.

4 GeO. III. — 146

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 3.

Tellers for the Noes, j Sir John 7

9 I Mr. Grosvenor: 1

So it passed in the Negative. N

Then John Money, Robert Blackmore, and James Watson, were again called in.

And further Evidence wras produced, in Answer to the said Complaint.

And John Money, Robert Blackmore, and James Watson, were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Complaint be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1764. Prayers.

A BILL for extinguishing the Right of Common in, over, and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Harris, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Price, Mr. Waller, Mr. Howard, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Howe, Mr. Town-field, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Corncwall, Mr. Shullleworthj Colonel Hmve, M r. Rob inf on. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Lord Dozcne, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Verney, Sir Christopher Trcife, Colonel Irwin, Sir James Dashwood, Lord Burgher/h, Sir George Pococke, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir William Maynard, General Bofcawen, Lord Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this After noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert hurdett have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln-, and from Sutton Saint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Sandys, Lord Wurkworth, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Howe, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Buller, Sir William Co-drington, Mr. Burrell, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. For refer. My. Gray, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Bagot, Lord Mi die ton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Grant, Mr. Har-bord, Mr. Duke, Mr. Wynne, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Downe, Lord George Sutton, Lord Grey, General Bofcawen, General A'Court; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Whetstone, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Beauchamp ProEtor, Mr. Price, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Buller, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Grey, Mr. Townjhendi Lord Verney, Mr. Bagot, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Hewett, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Pratt, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Clive, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Montagu, §\v Simeon Stuart, Mr Parker, Colonel Fitzroy, My. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr.. Dowdeswell, Lord Midleton, My. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Warwick, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Gibbons presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leave

of

Absence.

Spalding

through

Weston

Road.

Whetfiori*

Inclosure.

Fotherby

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Com- Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, Wartnaby mon, called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Slaindrop, in the County of Durham, was read a Open and Common Fields of Wartnabij, in the County Second Time. of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, same Fields; ^.nd the same was received; and read Lord Warkioorth, Colonel Howe, Mr. Bitfrell, Mr. the First Time.

My. Whichcot, Mv.Shultleworth, GeneralLambton, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Buller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Howard, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr.

Harris, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Morgan, Lord An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the s car by

Midleton, Mr. Thomlinfon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Inclosure.

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Harvey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln, was read Reynolds, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. the Third Time.

Shiffiier, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Toion/hend, Lord Harry Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Powlett, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Harbord, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Hervcij; and all the Members who serve for the Searby, in the County of Lincoln<

Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 29.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry Bill to the Lords, and delrre their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common

10 D

840 140 Februarii. A. 1764.

and Open Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Saint An Account of the Prices that have been paid for "r> Marggret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County Beef, of the Produce of this Kingdom, for victualling of Leicester, was read a Second Time. His Majesty’s Navy, from the Year 1760 to this

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Time.

Sutton, Mr. Whicheot, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Lord And the Title of the said Account was read.

Charles Spenctr, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Manners, Sir Simon Stuart, Mr. Shiftier, Colonel Barre, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Archer, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Buller, Sir Thomas The said Account ispreserved amongst the other Cave, Mr. Paterson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. How- Papers of this Session.

ard, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Toumjhend, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dowdcfwell, A Petition of the Directors of the Hand in Hand Fire A(^s Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dyson, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Office, and of the Directors of several other Offices respecting Mr. Gray, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr Chaplin, Sir within the Cities of London and Westminster, for insuring Infuraoce William Codrington, Mr. Grey, Colonel Howe, Sir Roger Houses and Goods against Fire, was presented to the °fficcs* Newdigate, Lord Winter ton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord House, and read; Reciting an Act, passed in the Eleventh Brownlow Bertie, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Lord Year of his late Majesty, for the better regulating of Strange, Sir Thomas Palmer, Colonel Inoin, General Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Bofcawen, Lord George Sackville; and all the Members Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other who ferVcfor the Counties of Leicester, Lincoln, Derby, Places therein mentioned; and alleging, that so much Warwick, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this of the said Act as relates to pulling down or rebuilding Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Partitions, or Party Walls, is confined to Cafes where Chamber. one of the Houses is to be erected or buijt; and that

some Regulations are wanting in Cafes where Party Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Or- Wallsare out of Repair, although neither of the adjoining der, a Bill to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called I loufes to which such Party Walls belong require to be John Carter, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and rebuilt; and that it would tend greatly to prevent the use the Surname of Pollard, pursunnt to the Will of spreading of Fire, and the many fatal Consequences Elizabeth Pollard deceased: And the same was received; attending the fame, if Party Walls were to be made of a and read the First Time. greater Thickness than is prescribed by the said Act;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and that the said Act hath been found defective in many

other Respects: And therefore praying the House to , A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the unto subscribed, who have lent Money upon the Credit Petitioners such Relief therein, as the House shall of an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his think proper.

late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widen- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ing the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven; and from the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Four Lane Ends, near Okerthorp, to Ashburn; and shall appear to them, to the House: from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the And it is referred to Lord Warkworlh, Mr. Kynaston,

Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr. or near Longs ton, in the County of Derby; and from Elliot, Mr. Price, Mr. Earle, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Co*

Self on to Annejley Woodhouse, in the County of Not- ventiy, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Hcnniker, tingham; was presented to the House, and read: Set- Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. ting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of Fuller, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Nor they, Mr, this House, that Application has been made for a Bill Cooke, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Charles Spencer, for repairing the Road from Nottingham to Bilper Lane M r.Touche t, Lord George Cavendi/li, M\\Sandys, Qo\one\

End; that the Petitioners apprehend, the repairing the Burgoyne, Mr. Hervey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Stephens, said Road will but in a very small Degree afteCl the Mr. Duke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Robin/bn. Sir Tolls taken on the present Turnpike Road directed to Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Edmon-be repaired by the said Act; and that the repairing the fione, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Worjley, said Road from Nottingham to Bilper Lane End, will Sir James Lowther, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir George Savile, be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore pray- Sir CV/aides Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve ing, That the said Bill for repairing the said Road may for the County of Middlesex, the City of London, and pass into a Law. the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Effix, wad Suffix: And

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for of Nottingham, was also presented to the House, and Persons, Papers, and Records, read; Setting forth. That there are several Collieries

near the said Roads proposedtobe repaired; and that Ordered, That all Accounts which have been prefen ted whafe

the Petitioners apprehend, that if such Bill should pass, to this Floufe, from the Year 1755 to the Year 1762, Fi&ery.

it will be a means of relieving the poor inhabitants of inclusive, of the Number of Ships which have been the said Borough, and Country adjacent, from such employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights, and Hardships as they have suffered for several Years past, the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and from the exorbitant Price of Coals: Therefore praying. Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at That a Bill, as proposed, may pass into a Law. what Port they were discharged; and also, what Quan-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be tity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported; be referred to the Committee, to whom the Peti- referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the tion of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, and others His Majesty’s British Subjects and Inhabitants of the Towns of Nottingham, concerned in the Whale Fishery, is referred. likefon, and several other Towns and Places in

the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whose A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Aldborough Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred. Open Fiekls and Failure Ground in the Lordship of Inclosure.

Aldborough in Holderness, in the County of York, was Account; Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing read a Second Time.

Beef used the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

for the Nary, p^f^ted to the House, pursuant to their Order, Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Price, Lord

14 ' Fre-

4 Geo. III. 14* Februarii. *4i

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ofwold, Mr. Frederic Montagu, Mr. Waish, Mr. Parker, Mr. JTzY-braham Bootle, Mr. i'b/q/, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lotvndes, Mr. Hervey, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Harris, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Buller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Dowdefivell, Mr. Pnce, Lord Vemey, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Fuller, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Wilbraham, General Conway, Mr. E/wtf, Sir William Meredith. Sir Thomas Palmer, Lord M idle ton, Sir Simeon Stuart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ior£, Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, West-vioreland, Nottingham, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stanbndge Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to Lane, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Road. from End Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of llomfey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop*, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hat tat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderley; in the County of Southampton; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Tudzvay presented to the House, according to pipers Inn. Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term &c. and Powers of au Ad, made in the 26th Year of the Road* Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glqjlonbury and Wells, to the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol-, and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That' Mr. IJoyd, Associate to the Lord Privilege; Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, do im- Mr* Wilkes, mediately attend this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Barnes do immediately attend this House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from Account; the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Money in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

An Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House: Aud the said Mr. Julliott, also from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt Accounts; of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay clothing, and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as folJoweth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assertibled.

AN ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

£. s. d

To Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session; with a proper Index thereto, and to the Journal of the last Session - ----- - 350 —

To Robert Scott, Henry Dougla/s, Charles Pole, Samuel Smith, Vincent Brifcot, Peregrine Cust,

Thomas Gildart, Thomas Smallwood, and George Aufrere, Esquires, the Committee Men, m and by whom now are the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to be by them employed in maintaining and ftipporting the Forts and Settlements at Senegal, and its Dependencies, ceded to His Majesty by the late Definitive Treaty of Peace - - - - ..... - - - 7,000 —

£ 7>33°-----

Exchequer, the 14th Day of February 1764.

. P. JullioU.

VOL. Z9,

T«

14° Februarii.

A, 1764.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the MONIES remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763.

THE Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763, amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 14th Day of February 1764.

S. P. JulliotL

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Marine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

Forces. the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly. Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Alric’s A Bill for naturalizing James Alric, was read a Se-Nat* condTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. For refer, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Harbor cl, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Southwell, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Major, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Grant, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Champion, Mr. Martin, Mr Elliot, Mr Nugent, Mr. Edmonfone, M r. Shiff-ner. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Harvey, Lord Midle-ton, Mr. Jackson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mawbey, S\vRoger Newdigate, Mr. Parker, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hervey, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Edward Bering, Mr Pratt, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rice, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Pitt, Lord Frederick Cavtndish, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fonereau, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Tudway, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Vernexj, Mr. Norris, Colonel Fitzroxj, Mr. Bull, Lord Gage, Mr. Butler, Lord Grey, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Robinson, Lord lliomond, Mr. Grenville, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gore, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Grey, Sir James Lowlher, Mr. Damer, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gray: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Crook and Billyrow, within the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon ciandeftir* Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Marriage. Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clande-ltine Marriages, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this DaySe-vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

The other Order of the Day being read, for resum- Privilege ing the adjourned Confutation of the Matter of the Mr. Wilt Complaint made to the House, upon the 20th Day of Januanj last, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House,

Philip Carteret fPeM, Esquire, a Member of this House,

Robert Blackmore, James Watson, and John Money, by the Imprisonment of the Person of John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illegal Manner.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tliisi House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Chamber, and into Westminster Hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attencl the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideralion of the Matter of the said Complaint.

And Mr. Wood and Mr. Webb attending in their Places;

And

4 Geo. III.

Pri' iki*; Mr. Willies.

*4° — ll*

Anri Mr. John Money, Mr. Robert Blackmore, and ’Slr^James Watjbn, being called in;

A Witness was examined; and Evidence was produced; in further Answer to the said Complaint.

And then the said Witness was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbie, Clerk of the Rules in the Crown Office, do immediately attend this House.

Then the said Witness was again called inr and further examined.

And he was again directed to withdraw.

Then several other Witnesses were examined; and Evidence was produced; in further Answer to the said Complafnt.

And the said Witnesses being withdrawn;

The Iloufe was informed thajt Thomas Scrope, Esquire, created a great Disturbance in the Lobby, arid upon the Stairs, leading to this Houf§.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Scrope, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending f his I Ionic.

Then further Evidence was produced, and several other Witnesses examined, in further Answer to the Complaint made to the House, upon the 20th Day of January lad, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, by Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, a Member of this House, Robert Blackmore, James Watjbn, and John Money, by the Imprisonment of the Person of John Wilkes, Esquire, then a Member of this House, and the seizing of his Papers, in an illegal Manner.

And the said Witnesses.being withdrawn;

Mr. If ebb and Mr. Wood were heard in their Places.

And John Money, Robert Blackmore, and James Watjbn, were also heard; and were directed to withdraw.

A Motign >vas made, and the Question being proposed, That a General Warrant for apprehending and seizing the Authors, Printers, and Publishers 01 a seditious Libel, together with their Papers, is not warranted by Law;

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

And it being near Two of the Clock on fVednesday Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Debate be adjourned till this Day, at TweiVe of the Clock;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question last proposed, by inserting after the Word,

<c Debate," these Words " and the further Consideration of the Matter of this Complaint."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The I Ionfe divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Feirkarii.

?43

And a Motion being made* and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} ,8,.

Teller, for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Motion being again made. That the Complaint against Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged;

Mr. Wood withdrew.

Ordered, That the Complaint against Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

A Motion being made, That the Complaint against Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, a Member of this House, fora Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged;

Mr. Webb withdrew.

Ordered, That the Complaint against Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, a Member of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Complaint against John Moneys for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Complaint against Robert Black-more, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be

discharged.

Ordered, That the Complaint against James Watson, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock, on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till iY/tfoy Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 170

Anno 40 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1764*

Tellers for the Yeas, Sackville,

4

Mr. Peter Burrell:

Tellers for the Noes, f

9I Mr. Chciphn.

l9J

207.

So it passed ill the Negative.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by leaving out the Words " this " Day, at Twelve of the Clock," and inserting the Words " Friday Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, "this c< Day, at Twelve of the Clock," (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, "Ffiday Morning next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Mption was made. That the Complaint against Robert Wood, Esquire, a Member of this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, be discharged.

Vol. 29.

PRA Y £ R 6.

ABIL L to amend, and render more rif$6tual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road ' from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton zn&Chappel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester’, hi the County of Lancaster, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Frith, add to Sparroiu Pit Gates and from Whaley Bridge to the Western End of Lougside Common, in the County of Chester; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shut-. tieworthy Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Wdller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ofbal-deston, Mr. Tempest, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edward Turner, Mr Southwell, Sir Alexander Gil- mour, Mr. Grofcenor, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Charles Mbrdaunt, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gray, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Onfioiv, Sir William . Meredith^ Mf. Gore, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord George Sackville, Sir George Savile, Lord Winter ton Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Jarrit Smith, Colonel Irwiji, Colonel Fitzroy,' Sir Richard Wanvick Bampfyldes and all the Members who serve for the 10 E Counties

Committees.

Sherbrooke,

Ire,

Roads.

844

170 February.

A. 1764.

Counties of Derby, Chester, Stafford* Warwick, Z,<m-caster, and FurAv And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Skipfca Mr. O/baldeftonpresented to the House, according to loclosure. Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York: And the same was received and read the first Time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rotherham A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, through and others, Inhabitants of the West Riding of the County

Whiftou of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was *oa<1, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed in the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, a Road, leading from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, through the Towns of Whijton, A ugh ton. Clown, and Stoney Houghton, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chesterfield; and alleging, that if the Road to be repaired by the said Bill, should be extended and continued Northwards through the Towns of Rotherham and Wentworth, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Lrtds, on the East Side of Tankerjlty Park, in the County of York aforesaid, it would be of much greater Utility to the Public, the said additional Road being greatly out of Repair: And therefore praying, That in case a Bill should be brought into the House, for making a Turnpike Road from Rotherham to a Place near Pleajley aforesaid, the above mentioned Portion of Road through the Towns of Rotherham and Wentworth, to the Turnpike Road on the East Side of . Tankcrjlcy Park aforesaid, may be comprised in the said Bill, and be made a Part of the same Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. O/baldeston, Mr. Whitworth»' Mr. Shijfher, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Walsingham, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund J/ham, Mr. BrudeneU, Mr. Lewis Mr. Burrell, Mr. Walter, Mr. Jlewett, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shuttleworth. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Webb, Mr. Butler, Sir Lionel Pliking ton, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pratt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bertie, Sir William Beauchamp Prodtor, Mr. Byde, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ward, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dowdefzvell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vane, Lord Howe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, West-moreland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Doncaster Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentle-Small Debts, men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the said Borough.

Norik Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Gentle-Cave men who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, Ihclosure# pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir GeorgeMont-gomery Metham, Knt. Lord of the Manorof NorthCave, 20

in the County of York, and a considerable Owner of Ojpen Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of North Cave aforesaid; also Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within the said Township and Parish of North Cave, William Burton, Esquire, Anthony Almond, Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of tliemielves and others, being a considerable Majority in Number and Value of the Owners of Lands in the said Township of North Cave.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Lambeth by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of t <1 his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in repair several Roads, in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; and for lighting and watching the said Roads; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Archer, Sir William Baker, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Whitzcorth, Mr. Hull,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Thomas Cave,

Mr. Mawbexf, Lord Carysfort, M r. Bertie, Mr. Dyjbn,

Mr. Thorotcn, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. )iuJhout, Sir Jarrit Smith, Miv Byde, Sir Alexander GUnionr, Mr. Armstead Parker,

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. TownJJiend, Sir Roger Nczvdigate, Mr. Buller, Sir Charles KemysTyntc,

Mr. Butler, Lord Strange, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Lane, Mr. Stephens, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Harvey, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Hervey,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pratt, Lord Allen, Mr. Onslow, Lord Midletun, Mr. Champion, Colonel Irzvin, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Vane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Kent, and Sttffex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Richard Batchacrt Whitworth of Batchacre Grange, otherwise called the TG, Jungf Vill of Battingacre, otherwise Batifacre Grange, situate yt within or adjoining to the Parish of Adbaston, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, Esquire; which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to brine: in a Bill for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, from Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling other Tythes in Lieu thereof: And that Mr. Whitzoorth,

Mr. Peter Burrell, and Sir George Yonge, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to j)^ whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Free- Roads, holders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Edward Mundy, Esquire, being examined, said, That if Provision was made in the Bill now depending for repairing the Road from Derby to Mansfield, for repairing the Road leading from the said intended Road, from the East End of Smawley Liberty, over Ileanor Common, to a Lane in Shipley Liberty, called the Field Lane; and from thence to the Road upon Shipley Common, leading from Hajlock Lane End to Ilkifton, which iV in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot b$

effectually

4 Geo. III.

17* Febmarii.

84s

Barton upon Trent to t)erby Road.

Stonty

Stanton

Incloluce.

effectually amended and widened, by the Laws in being, the same would be a public Advantage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge Gate, over the River Erzvash, in the County of Derby; and from thence through Eajizvood, to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; and from Eajticood aforesaid, to the West End of the Town of Nutt hall, in the County of Nottingham; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for repairing the Road from the East End of Smaxvley Liberty, over Heanor Common, to a Lane in Shipley Liberty, called the Field Lane, and from thence, to the Road upon Shipley Common, leading from Hajlock Lane to Ilkijton.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act, for repairing and widening the Road from the Welt End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Tdwn, to the South End of the Townof/>er6y, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County o {Derby:

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish oiStoney Stanton, in the County of I^ricejier, and the Land, Meadows, and Ckpwnonable Places, in the Lordship of Potters Marston, in the said County, belonging to and used with the said Fields of Stoney Stanton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a 9second Time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ditto. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

fit.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket, General Lambton, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Ridley Mr. Deleval, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in Whetfton, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Perth, in the Room of John Murray, Esquire, now Duke of Athol, a Peer of Great Britain.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the free Immportation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from I re Land.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ^lorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending the Highways, by ^ffeffments, instead of the Six Days Labour.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

North

Cave

biclolurc.

Mr. iMfcelles presented to the House, according to Ol der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Doncaster Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to §mall Debt*. Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places within the said Borough; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Milford

through

Ifaflemere

Road.

Mr. Molyneux presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Ilajlemcre, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffotved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England, from Chripnas 1762 to Midsummer 1763: And also,

An Account of all British Coney Skins, Rabbit Skins, Hare Skins, and Coney Wool, exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Midsummer 1763; distingUidling each Year: Andalfo,

An Account of all foreign Coney Skins, Rabbit Skins, Hare Skins, and Coney Wool, imported into England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, resident in the Cities of London and WeJlmiTificr, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed, in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain: And also the Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, residing in and about London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen of the same Trade: And also the Petition of several Persons resident in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and in Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver flats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whofd Names are under-written, on behalf of

themfi4ve*

Whetstone

Inclosure.

Perth

Writ.

Tallow

imported

from

IreUud.

Amending

Highway*.

Ways and Means.

Supply*

Accounts; Hats.

Coney, Sec. Skins.

846 , 17®-----20*

themselves and others concerned in the same Manufacture in Great Britain; were severally referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

MHina The House being informed, that the Agents to the erti cates, of Peace of the Counties of Worcester

and Oxford, attended at the Door; they were severally called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the Proceedings of the Justices of the Peace, for the Counties of Oxford and Worcester, in Consequence of all Certificates made out by the several Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the said Coun-. 4 ties, to the Justices of the Peade for the said Counties, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act; to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Tailing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; whereby it is directed, that the Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, at the ' Expiration of each Year, in every County where the Militia shall not have been raised, shall certifiy the same in Writing, to the Justices of Peace; and a!f< the Amount of the several Sums of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

And they severally withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

the Scij ant Ordered, That the Serjeant at Anns, attending this

at Arm« House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham-McmbTrs? ^er> an<^ ^nt0 Westminster Hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

Arid he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Graves1:

Mr. Speaker,

Petrs’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Name/ Act to enable Richard Symons, an-Infant, lately-cal led Richard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Syihons, pursuant to the Will of Richard Sywons, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read; > - ..v

Privilege; The House resumed the adjourned Debate* upon the Mr. Wilkes. Question proposed upon Tuesday fall, That-a' General Warrant for apprehending and-'feizinjg the Authors, Printers, and Piiblifhers of a {editions Libel, together with their Papers, is not Warranted by Law. 1

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word, " seditious, " the Words, " and treasonable.":

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. 1

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof* these Words, " although such Warrant:hath been according " to the Usage of Office, and bath been frequently produced to, and never condemned by. Courts of tc Justice

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inserting after the First " been,1" the Word, " issued."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ?

Februarii. A. 1764.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words, " never condemned by Courts of Justice,!' and inserting the Words, so far as appears to this " House, the Validity thereof, hath never been debated " in the Court of King’s Bench; but the Parties thereupon have been frequently bailed by the said " Court."

And the Question being put. That the Words, " never condemned by Courts of Justice," stand Parjt of the proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words, " so <c far as appears to this House, the Validity thereof " hath never been debated in the Court of King’s <c Bench; but the Parties thereupon have been Ire-

questly bailed by the said Court," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolvedin the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the main Question so amended, being proposed, That a General Warrant for apprehending and seizing the Authors, Printers, and Publishers, of a seditious and treasonable Libel, together with their Papers, is mot warranted by Law; although such Warrant hath been issued according to the Usage of -Office; and hath been frequently produced to, and, so far as appears to this House, the Validity thereof hath never been debated in the Court of King’s Beqcli;

but the Parties thereupon have been frequently bailed by the said Court;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, add the Question being pm, That the said Debate be adjourned till this Day Four Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers lor }^'

T,ller5fo, U, Noe.q»^gf"'. }2,8.

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Mr. Speaker do, in the Votes, print, with the said Resolution, the Numbers of the Affirmative and Negative. . ' -

And then the House having continued t6 fit* till Half an Hour after Five of the Clock, on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning,

: Nine of the Clock.

Lun<e^ 2o° die Februarii;

Anno 4°, Cjeqrgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

1

MR.. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Rotherh whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, throug Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of thp West Riding Whil] of the County of York, whose Names arc thereunto sub- Roit feribed, was referred;: That the Committee had;exa-minediie Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, &s it appeared to them, to tbp Houset; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is asJolioweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Richard. Fcntoji, Eftjuire, informed wour Committee, That the

Road

i>.

4 Geo. III.

2o° Februarii.

Mansfield to Afbover Hoad.

Ledbury

Roads*

Bnmcote,

&c.

Road*

Sutton

Drainage*

Wartnaby

Inclosure.

Road from Rotherham, to the Turnpike Road from mon Fields of Wartnaby, in the County of Leicester,

Sheffield to Leeds, on the East Side of Tankerjley Park, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, is in a ruinous Condition in many Parts, and narrow in was read a Second Time.

many Places, and cannot be effectually amended and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 7re* widened by the ordinary Course of Law. derick Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edward Turner,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Dempfler, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Wood, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road Mr. Fonere.au, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Parker, Mr. On* from Rotherham, in the County of York, to the pre- Jlow, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Ilewetl, sent Turnpike Road near Pleajtey, in the County of Mr. Vane, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Clive, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Dei'by, which leads from the Town of Mansfield, to the John Cavendish, Mr. Bull, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Burrell, Sir Town of Chesterfield, is committed, That they have Christopher TieiJ'e, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir George Savile,

Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending Mr. Pitt, Lord Midleton, Mr. West, Lord George Cavc?u and widening the Road from the Town of Rotherham9 dish, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Jarrit Smith, General A'Court; to join the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leeds, on the East Side of Tankerjley Park, in the said Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and York: And they are County of York. to meet this Afternoon,’ at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads A Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Lands and Low Grounds, within the Township of Drainage. Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Thorngumbald, in the County of York, was read a Se-Tanjley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moot* cond Time.

to Ashover, in the said County of Derby: And the same Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frede-was received; and read the First Time. rick Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr. Clive, Mr. Heivett,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Onftow,

Ordered, That Mr. Pratt be added to the Committee, Mr. Butler, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Luttvcll, to whom the Bill for continning the Terms of and amend- Mr. Fonereait, Sir Richard Warwick Bamp/ylde, Mr. ing the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Burrell, Lord Midleton, Mr. Bniter, Lord George Caven+

Ledbury; in the County of Hereford; and for widening di/i, Mr. Norj'is, Mr. Gore, Mr. Upton, Sir Charles and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromc/ Mordaunt, Mr. Vane, Mr. Webb, Mr. Willoughby, berroiv, in the County of Gloucester, to Staunton Swan, in General A'Court, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. the County of Worcester, and from thence through Cocks, Colonel Barre, Mr. Willy, Lord Frederick Caven-Cor/e Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to dish, Mr. Cray, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Wood, Sic Worcester; is committed. William Meredith, Mr, 1 Joyd, Sir Edmund Thomas; an4

all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Bingham, in the County of Nottingham, and of the adjacent Towns in the Vale of Belvoir, in the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Stating several Advantages which, the Petitioners apprehend, will arise, if the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bramcote Odd Hou/e, through Trowell, in the County ofNb///;ig/iam, and throughIlkefton, Horsley, Woodhou/e, Kilburn, and Bilper, to Bilper Lane End, which joins the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, and from Ilaffack Lane End, in the County of Derby, to Ilkefton aforesaid; and also the Road leading from Trowdl aforesaid, through Woolalon, to the Town of Nottingham; shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Nottingham, Ilkefton, and several other Towns and Places fh the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, is referred.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs; lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine; Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fairholmc, North Skirlaugh, Rcncton, Arnold, Long Rijton, Leven, Heigholme, and Halleytreeholme, Brandesburton, and Bur/all, EJke, Tick-ton, Wheel, Routh, Meux, and Waghen, otherwise Waztm, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Voi. 29*

Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edmund Thomas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inhabitants residing in or near the Roads leading from Rumney Bridge to Wormjhead, in the said County of Glamorgan, through the Towns of Neath and Swansea; from the Town of Cardiff’ to the Town of Caerphilly; from the Town of Cardiff', to the Town of Lantriffent; from the Town of Cardiff\ to the Passage of Sully, through Lequith and Dinas Powis; from the Town of Cardiff', to a Place called Toff's Well; from the Town of Swansea, to the Village of Pendowed; from the Town of Swansea, to the Town of Loughor; from the Town of Swansea, to the Bridge called Pmitar Dylais; from the Town of Swansea, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at a Place called PenllyrCaftdl; from the Town of Neath, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at a Place called Penllyr Castell; from the Town of Neath, to the Confines of the County of Brecon, at a Place called Pont Neathvechan; Three Miles of the Road leading from the Town of Neath, to a Place called Meliny Court; from the Town of Bridgend, to the Port of Aberthaxv; from the Town of Bridgend, to the Village of Nation Nottage; from the Town of Bridgend to Coytrehen, by Pen y vay; from the Town of Bridgend, to the Town of Lantriffent; from the Town of Cozvbridge, to the Town of Lm-triffent; from the Town of Cowbridge, to the Port of Aberlhazv; from the Town of Coivbridge, to the Town of Lantwit Major; from the Town of Lantwit Major, to a Place caled Pen y Prijk; from a Place called Golden Mile, to the Village of Coyty; from the Tow n of Coivbridge, to the Village of Penmark, from th& Town of Lantriffent, to the Vi Huge of Botivilfton; from the Village of Saint Nicholas, to the Village of Barry; from the Town of Bridgend, to a Place called Pxelty Plaftet; being the great and Common Highwaysieading i jo F from.

Cardiff

Roads.

848 1 20° Februarii. 17S4.

from Cardiff, to the Towns of Brecon, Carmarthen, Pembroke, and other Parts of Smith Wales$ was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Herbert Mackworth and Thomas Edwardr, Esquires, said. That the Roads described in the Petition are ruinous and bad, and, in many Places, very narrow; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in repair, so as to make the same good Roads for Carriages, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff,\ and several other Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorganshire: And that Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mackworth, and Mr. Cham icy Tuwnflicnd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cracklcy Ordered, That Mr. Clive do make the Report from

Bank the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees,

Shrewsbury Names are subscribed, appointed to put in Exe-

Road. cution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Third Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between Cracklcy Bank, in the Parish of Skiff nail, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was referred.

Mr. Clive accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition *, which they had directed him to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

Mr. Edward Parks being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, on the Credit of the said Acts, which have been paid off; and have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads*, but that the same cannot be effectually amended during the subsisting Term which will expire on the First Day of June 1766; and that it will be lieceH'ary to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in order to repair the said Roads.

Mr. - — Pemberton being examined, said, That

there are Two other Branches of Road, One leading from Uckington to Languor Green, and the other from the West End of Acklam Bridge, to a Place called the Cross Houses, both which are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the 12th of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Ilorfe-shoe in Uckington, to Longnor Green; and also the Road from the West End of Atcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County: And that Mr. Clive and Mr. Frederick MontagiL do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bland’s ^Ar.Lafcclles reported from the Committee, to whom

Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, for a Division of certain real Estates in the County of York, late of Sir Hunger ford Bland, Baronet, deceased; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Jiejolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House, hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Fotherby mon Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and Inclosure. other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Re foiled. That the Bill he committed to Sir John Gibbons, Mx.Fonereau, Mr. Clive, Mr. Serjeant Ilewett,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Barrow, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Pratt9 Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Upton, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Anthony Abdij, Mr. Parker, Mr. Cocks,

M\\ Rii/Jwut, Lord Brownlow Beriic, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grenville, Mr» Fuller, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. He/wey, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir, Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bagot, Sir Edmund Thom as, Mr. Willoughby,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Edmonflone,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Vane*, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for establishing and confirming the Inclosure Sudcoatc* and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoates, in the Parish laclofcire. of Diypoot, in the County of York; and for other Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. OfbaL defton. Sir George Savile, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Iiewett,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Parker, Lord John Cavendish, Mr;. Shiffner, Lord Howe,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Barie,

Mr. Montagu, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Pye, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Amijlead Parker, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Be ft, Mr.

Waller, Mr Archer, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Burrell,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Oflwald; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the Hojjfe, according to SpsMing Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads H,8h Brid8c from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in °* s’ Dofiington; and from the Tenth Milestone in the Parish of Gojbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigloft, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was 1 received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitzoorth presented to the House, according to Batcbacre Order, a Bill for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Grange Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, from Tylhc?>&c Payment of Tythes; and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling other Tythes in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George Arnold, whose Names is there-unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Altibv Taking Notice, That Leave has been given to bring in Inclosure

' a Bill

4 Geo. III. 206 Februani. 849

a Bill to divide and inclose the several Common and Open Fields in the Manor of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Nottingham; and alleging, that the Petitioner being Owuer of a very considerable Estate in Land, in the said Parish, and also in the said Fields, apprehends, that if such Bill flionld pass into a Law, it would greatly affect and injure him in his Property there: And therefore praying, That lie may be heard by himself, or Coun-fel, against the said Bill; or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish oi Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, upon his said Petition, if he thinks lit.

Kirkby A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery cf in Kendall small Debts within the Town and Parish of Kirk bp in m I ebts. Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland, was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Upton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Parker, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Holt, Mr. Damp-jier, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Irzoin, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fitxherbert, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Lord V 1 (tiers, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. WHbraham Boolle, Mr. Butler, Mr. I Food, Mr. Burrell, General A'Court, Mr. Bull, Sir William Baker, Mr. Szndys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ljcrvey, Colonel BarrC, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Barrow, Mr Onslow, Mr. Bejt, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Armjlead Parker, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Butler, Mr. Webb; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wefimorelund, Cumberland, Noi%thumbertand, Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. .;

Grantham Lord George Sutton reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Towns of Grantham, Mellon Mowbray, Lei-eeficr, and Lnt/erworth, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fume was read; and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Oldk/tow said, he had surveyed the several Roads described in the Petition; that they are in general very ruinous and bad, in some Places narrow, and in others almost impaiTable in the Winter Season; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. William Reeves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the . d owns of Grantham, Melton Mmvbray, Leicester, and Lutterworth, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester: And that Lord George Sul ton, Sir Thomas Cave, and Sir Thomas Pul-mer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Alfreton, A Petition of William Downing, Samuel Hodgkinson, &c- and Joseph Stanlexj, Owners of Coal Mines in the Parish °* of South Normaiiton, in the County of Derby, on behalf

,of themselves and others, Owners of Coal Mines there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners *bferve by the Votes of the House, -Vol. 29.

that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads leading from Alf reton to Mansfield; and from Blackwell, Blackwell Colliery, or some Place near Blackwell, through Sutton in Ashfield, to some Place in the Forest of ShenOood, in the Parish of Sutton in Ashfield aforesaidj and that Coals are brought from the said Collieries, in the Parish of South Normanton, along Part of the said Road, leading from Al/relon through Sutton in Ashfield, to Mansfield, and from Blackwell Colliery, through Sutton in Ashfield, where it falls into the Road leading from Alf reton, and so on to Mansfield; and that the said Road from Blacks well, Blackwell Colliery, or near Blackwell, to Sutton in Ashfield, is, as the Petitioners apprehend, intended to be repaired, merely for the Service of Blackwell Colliery, and is nearly of as large Extent as that Part of the Road from Alf reton, along which the Petitioners Coals are brought to the Junction of the said Two Roads at Sut* ton in Ashfield; and that the Petitioners are informed/ there is a Clause in the said Bill, allowing the Coals to be brought from Blackwell Colliery along the said Road, on paying only Half the Tolls or Duties which are to be paid by other Bealls or Carriages coming along the said Roads, which the Petitioners apprehend will be a Hard-fliipon them, and the other Owners of Collieries in the Pari Hi of South Normanton aforesaid, as the Blackwell Coals will come very near as far on the Road intended to be repaired, as those from the Collieries In the Parish of South Normanton aforesaid: And therefore pray ing,

That the Coals to be brought on the said Roalds, from,

Blackzvell, and the Pari Hi of South Normanton, may be put on an equal Footing; or that the Petitioners may-have such other Relief in the Premises, ks to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading from Alf reion, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of'

Man field called Stockioell; and from the Bridle Q ate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackzvell and Hucknall, through the Town olSutton in Afifield, to the Mansfield and Nezvark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood; in the County of Nottingham-, is committed.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Mflftia Clerk of the Peace for the County of Nottingham, at- Certificates, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Juliices of the> Peaces for the County of Nottingham, in Consequence of: all Certificates made out by the Lieutenant or DeputyLieu- tenant of the said County, to the Juliices of the Peaco for the said County, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, whereby it is directed, that the Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiration of each Year, in every County where the Militia shall not have been raised, shall certify the same in Writing to the Juliices of the Peace; and also the Amount of the several Sums of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, pursuant to the Directions of the said ACi.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read,

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongli the other . Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon CltnddHne Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself ipto a Com- Marriage*.

mittee

War#

ana

Mean*

Supply.

Carter*#

Name.

850 20° — 21

mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and* Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Com-riiittee.

Mr. Speaker neftimed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several hesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedriefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 21® dieFebruarii;

Anno 4* Georgii III111 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Waller) Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lafcellesy Mr. Harvey, Lord Strange, Mr. Butler, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Tuff-net) Mr. Wilbraham Bootley Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir John Philippsy Mr. Tudway, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyldey Mr. Stephens, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hvjkey Mr. Wood, Mr. Butlery Mr. Cafwell) Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Shijfnery Mr. Wilkinfony Mr. Kynaftony Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Meijricky Sir Charles Kemys Tyntey Mr. Methuen, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Prefcotty Mr. Calverty Mr. Knightley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fullery Sir George Yongey Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Burty Lord Warkworth) Mr. Rebowy Lord Grey, Mr. Hewetty Lord Midleton, Mr. Hervey, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Mon-tagU) Lord Brownloio Bertie, Mr. TownJhendy Lord Howey Mr. Fonereauy Mr. Morton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ir. Cholmley presented to the House, according to

17

' Februarii 1764,

Order, a Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Wiits, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public PaflTages within Street1, the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for Skipfct inclosing and dividing several open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadows and Pasture Ground within the 7ownship of Skipfea, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-kinson, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Wood, Mr. Bagot) Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Balter,

Sir George Savile, Mr, Burrell) Lord Brou nlow Bertie,

Mr. Sharpe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ilarvey, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Tiidway, Sir Charles Kemys Tyntey Mr. Ini Her) Mr. Gray, Mr. Parker, Sir Jarrit Smithy Mr. Prefcoty Sir Lionel Pilhington, Mr. Tujfhetty Mr.

Waller, Mr. Serjeant Hewitty Lord Strange, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Baker, Mr* Butler, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Bully Mr. Walcot, Mr. Pryce, Mr! Wilb7'aham Bootle,

Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Upton, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fonereauy Mr. Choimky, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Campbell) Mr. Kynaflony Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Grant; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of York, Durham^ Northumberland, Cumberland) Wefimorelandy and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term BujV and Powers of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Road, Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor '

of the City of Gloutefiery assembled at a General Court holden at the Workhouse in the said City, on Thursday the 19th Day of January 1764, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for, and setting at Work the Poor in the City of Gloucester y and also an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repealing Part, and making more effectual the Residue of the aforesaid Act; were read:

And,

Thomas Vemon} Esquire, being examined, said, That in Consequence of the said first mentioned Act, a Workhouse was set up, and several charitable Persons gave several Sums of Money for the Support and Maintenance thereof; but, by reason of the Increase of the Poor, and otherwise, the Revenues of the Corporation became insufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor; and that, by the last mentioned Act, the Guardians were to be elected every Six Years; and the said Corporation was thereby impowered to charge the Parishfes and Precincts in the said City, upon the Terms, and in the Manner mentioned in the Petition, for the Mainte-of their respective Poor; and in pursuance of the

laid

«r3T

4 Geo. lit.

2 i° Februarii.

Hi

T,.

l&

2

See

said last mentioned Act, the Poor of* the Hamlets of Saint Michael, Saint MarijdeLdad, and Saint Catherine, in the County of Gloucester, were taken into the said Work-lionfe, and maintained and employed there until lately; that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, Preci lifts, and Hamlets, were very remits in collecting and paying the Sums to be by them paid to the Corporation, for the Maintenance of their Poor; and that the Corporation have not an effectual Power to enforce the Payment thereof; nor is there any Direction in the said Acts, when, or to whom, the Treasurer shall account; that the Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, about the Year *755, took their Poor out of the said Workhouse, without paying upwards oi'£. 400 then due to the said Corporation for their Poor, and which is still unsatisfied; that by reason of the great Increase of the Poor, and the Dearness of Provisions, the Revenues of the said Corporation, and the Monies which they are impowered to charge on the said Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets, have, for several Years last pall, been far short of being fuflicienl for the Maintenance of the Poor in the said Workhouse, and the Corporation, during that time. Have been obliged to apply feme Part of the Principal Ironies given as aforesaid, and have also contracted di-v£rs Debts with Tradesmeli, for and towards the ne-cjdthry Relief and Maintenance of the said Poor in the said Workhouse, amounting to the Sum of £. 830. 8.L 8d. which Sum is yet unsatisfied; and that in Consequence thereof, the said Corporation were, in 1757, obliged to flint up the said Workhouse, and to desist from providing for or maintaining the Poor there any longer; by ftieans whereof the said Poor have ever since been maintained by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Pre-distfts, and Hamlets, to which they respectively belong; and the greatest Part of such Parishes, Precincts, and Hamlets, have been, and are at much greater Expences in maintaining their Poor out of the said Workhouse, than they would or need to have been at, if their Poor were to be maintained and employed in the Workhouse, drrd the Corporation* Was impowered to raise Money sufficient for that Purpose; that great Parts of the said Hamlets lie in the County of Goucejtef, at considerable Bistances from the said Workhouse, so that it is not only inconvenient for the Inhabitants of the said Ilamlets to pay the Monies to be on them charged for the Maintenance of their Poor to the said Corporation, but also for ttle Inhabitants to bring their Poor to the said Work-fttjkHc; and that it would be better and more advantage-on* to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Precincts, to* have the Guardians, and the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Treasurer of the said Corporation, elected Annually; that poor Persons and Families are, in many Instances, inore ealily and conveniently relieved by pecuniary Payments'out of the Workhouse, than by'being taken in and provided for there, for which there is not sRty Power given by the said Acts; that the Workhouse being in the Parish of Saint-Nicholas, in the said City, many illegitimate Children, who were born therein, of Women not settled in the said Parish, did, upon fliutting tw>the said'Workhouse, become chargeable to the said Iwifli; and that many LofiTes and Inconveniences have happened to the said Corporation, by their being served W41 h Necessaries by the said Governor and Guardians, in trlve Ways of their several Trades: That the said City, thro’ ttte want of a Power to raise Money for setting up and keeping of Lamps, is destitute of proper Lights in the Streets, which renders the Passage therein, in the Nighttime, very-inconvenient and dangerous to tile Inlrabi-l&nts, as well as for Travellers that come there:

: Mr.----- — Phillips being examined, confirmed the

above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in ai Bill for better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets'of the-laid City: And that Mr. Bairoiv, Mr. Gray, and ML Selivyn, do prepare; and bring in, tho lame:. - *

* VOL. 29.

Lord Broivnlmo Bertie reported from the Committee, Horbling to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Korb ling, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Feii; was corm mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committe'e, except Mrs. Jane Woodcock, Lessee of the great Tythes imdft the Bishop of Lincoln, who, on being applied tb, made no Objection to the Rill; but refilled to sign the same j and that the Committee had gone through {life Bill* and tnade several Amendments therfeunto; which they had directed him to report to the’, House; and he read the Report i^r his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upbp she Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed1.

Mr. Sandy s reported from the Committee, tbwKoitf sr. Sepulchred the; Bill for governing, employing, and maintaining thd Poor Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepitlcltre, which is in the County of Middlesex; for clbanifittg and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yrards, and other Open FalTages and Places Within the fame; and for widening Chdrter-Jiovfe Lane; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that fhtf Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which thfey had directed hm> to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and diefr a Second Time, One by Ohe; and, upon the QupftrOrt severally put thereupon, were agreed’to by the House; and an Amendment \Vasmaddby the House torthe Bill/

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be?*

(London.)

ingrossed.

O

Sir Thomas Cave1 presenteddo the House, acfeordlhg to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and'Open Fields and Commonable Places of Shamford\ in the County of Leicester: Aittfthe same was received; and read the First l irne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, atld Commonable Places, in die Parish of StonOy Stanton’, ill the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, inthe Lordship of Poters Mar-ston, in the said County, belonging to and used with the' said Fields of S^oney Stanton, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Circe, Sir Charles Mordalint, MV. Bejt, Sir William Beauchamp Pi*o6lor> Mp. Sandys. Sir William Meredithf MY. Kynaston, Sir Waiter Blackct, Mr. Halt, MY. Chantin', Mr*. Palter, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luttrdi, MY. startey, MY. Wynne, Mr. Tufshell, My. Delaval, Mr. Bailee, Mr. White, MY. Shijfner, Sir William Baker, MV.’ Montagu, Mr* Waller, Mr. Parker, MY. Onslow, Mr. IfezOett, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fiteherherf, Mr*. Loren dh, Mr. Rbbifr foil. Sir George SaVile, Mr. Ridteij, Sir Roger Ncxbdigate, Mr.'PPanbiny, Lord Robert Berhe, Jifr: Pratt, Mr. Willoughby, M'Y. Serjeant Heicitt', Mr. Webb, ML Adayns, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fohcredu, Mr;AYrm,.Mr. Bagot, Mr. lletoey,'Mr. Ashtiitrtihant, Mr. Nejbltt; and all the Members wholbrve for the Conhties of Leicester, Warwick, Wilts, and DorJ'et: And they to' meet* thi# 10 C* v Afternoon

Sharnfon!

Inclosure*

Sfbfley

Stanton

inclosure*

iib Febru

A. 17644

Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Piper’s Inn, A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and &c. Bowers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Pueign Road. |1js |ate intituled, An Act for repairing and

widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glafonbiny and Wells, to* the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Par leer. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Holt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pye, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Townshend, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Glover, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Butler, Lord Doione, Mr. Fonere*11, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,'Sir. Sharpe, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Lord Grey, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Hugh Dalrymple; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are t - to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

North Cave for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-nc 0 urc* mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of North Cave, in the Fall Riding of the Coumy of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiftier, Sir George Savile, Mr. Holt, Mr. La/celles, Mr. Pnjce, Lord Doione, Mr. Buller, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Brand, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr. Tudivay, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Toionjhend, Sir Roger Neivdigafe, Sir Charles Mor-Aaunt, Mr. Blackstone. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Lord Orwell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Pye, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hervey, Lord Strange, Lord Midleton, Lord Warkworth, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, and Yui'k; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of the Fund for paying An-6 *' nuities granted A mo 1761, from the Commencement

of the same to the 5th Day of January 1764, with the present annual Charge on the said Fund.

Edinburgh Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, *°ad, li to whom the Petition of Robert Dundas of Arnifton, Lord President of the Court of Session, Sir Alexander DickoiPriestfield, Baronet, and others, Trustees for the Turnpike Roads of the County of Edinburgh; and of other Freeholders and Heritors in the said County; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts of Parliament, One of the 24th, and the other of the 28th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh', and from Cramond Bridge, to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow; were read.

Then two Members present informed your Committee, that inch Parts of the said Roads as lie within the County of Edinburgh are in general in very bad Repair, and cannot he repaired effectually, unless further Toils and Powers be granted to the Truiiees appointed by the said Two Acts.

And one of the Members added, that he and several other Gentlemen had engaged their own private Credit for a Sum of Money, to be employed in repairing the said Roads, beyond what the Truhees are ini powered, to borrow by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more' efleftuul two several Acts, passed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow: And that Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Edmonstone, and Mr. CoiUts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sharpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and* made several Amendments thefeunto; which they had dire?ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them weredifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Egbert Nonnen, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory of East Lwckingc, in the County of Berks, to the Office of Warden of the College of the Souls of all Faithful People deceased, of Oxford, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.. And then the MeOengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Two Persons, whose Property in the said Fields is abou^ Fourteen Acres, who being applied to, r^fused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose it; and also except Two other Persons, w hose Property in the said Fields is about One Rood and Ten Perches, who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, because they thought it would hurt the Poor; and also except Henry Aston, Esquire, whose Property in the said Fields is about Six Acres, who is abroad, but his Steward had Notice of it, and did not object to the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be iticlosed, contain about 125 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the

, Com-

Ctllington

Roads.

NonnenV

Nit.

East Lockinge Rectory.

Chilver

Coton

Indofur

Dunbar Two Pennies £cou*

4 Geo. III. xi° Febnunrii.853

Committee to oppose the Rill; and that the Committee A Bill for amending and widening the Road from a Milforf had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, rhugh

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Hake, in W

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- the several Counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Southampton, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at was read a Second Time.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once r Resolved, That the Bill be committed to jVlr. Moly-read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by iieux, Mr. Webb, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Burrell, Sir One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Milles, S\r William Meredith "Were agreed to by the House. Harvey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Petitan, Mr. Edmonfo?ie, Mr. Shifter, Lord Strange, ingrossed. Mr. Toionshend, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Buller', Sir Ale.r-

andei' Gilmour, Mr. Norris, Mr. WJiichcot, Mr; Ben-Sit Hugh Dairy tuple reported from the Committtee, tinck, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Shelley, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. to whom the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Tenth Bull, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Prescott, Lord Frederick Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Campbell, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Second, for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Lowndes, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Tavistock, Lord Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Harry Powlett, Lord Midleton, Sir Jdrrit Smith', Mr.

First, intituled, An Act for saying a Duty 6f Two Campbell; and all the Members who serve for tile Coun-Penni^s Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, ties of Surrey, Suffix, Southampton, and Kent; and for upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that fhalfbe vended or the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afterfold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, '

and building a School and other publifc Buildings there, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur*

and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, was suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Committed, That the Committee had examined the Account of Extraordinaries incurred, and not pro- Army*

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; vided for by Parliament, between the 20th February zixx&toatfm

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, 1763, and the 25th December following.

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they And the Title of the said Account was read;

had directed him* to report to the House; and he read The said Account is as followeth y viz.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’6 Table: t

Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

29.

8 54

2i° FebruatiL

A: 1764*

ACCOUNT of Extraordinaries incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between thd 20th February 1763, and 25th December following.

Date* of Warrants.

Febn/%~

Jlfar. 7.

*1.

xt:

23-

Apr. 6*

Afa// 12. 20.

M 6.

*5-Atog. 22. &/>£. 17.

1763. 6.

To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn fey Sir James for the

Service of the Combined Army in Germany - - 10,031 13 —

To satisfy Ditto* drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 1,422

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto* for Ditto Service - 3,107

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service

To satisfy Ditto,; drawn by Ditto, for.Ditto Service - 1,666 To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 12,946

To satisfy Ditto,‘ drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 8,391-

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service- - 5,296,

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service V 4,883 Tb satisfy Ditto, drawn, by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 14,81.7

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 3,333

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 10,741

To satisfy Ditto* drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service - 29*5,1,3

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Dit^bo Service V ^5* £5$

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for DistoVService,! -v £*5

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service*, i 15,102.

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto Service ,* V 34

To satisfy 3 Warrants, drawn by Ditto, on Robert PfT/tylor To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto - ~ 4,083*

To/satisfy Drtto, drawm by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -

for

13

8

16

7

12

11

H

-5

IT

3

6

12

3

*9

3-

6

6

6

6"

6

6

6

6

6,

- ...r. «4>?83.

229

l8

13

6.

6

*6*

6 -

c6

To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by R. P, Taylor, Deputy Pay-niafter at Hanover± for the Service of the Combined Army in

Germany

Sept. 2. To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

7,500

27>794 65,4b1 29,284 15 6

3 —

6 —

16 —

1,651 IO

Pel). 23. To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Wilk inf on, for D®

15. To 91 Days Pay of Ruvigne cle CoJ'ne,. as Commissary for settling the Claims of the Landgrave of Hesse, at £. 3 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Secretary, at 10 s. per Diem, from the 30 October 1762, to the 28 January 1763 - 318 10 —

To 182 Days Pay of William Frazer, Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, at £. 3 per Diem, from the 1 ft July

1762, to the 29 July following ----- 546 -

Mar. 24. To 184 Days Pay of William Arnold, Esquire, as D°, at

£. 2 per Diem, from D#, to 31st December following - 368-----

30. To 184 Days Pay of Henry Hull on, Esquire* as D®, at £. 3

per Diem, from Ditto to Ditto - - - - -552-----

Apr. 8. To 183 Days Pay of Sir James Cockbourne, as Commissary General of Supplies, at £. 5 per Diem, from 9 September 1762, to the 10 March 1763 - - - 915 — —

11. To 182 Days Pay of Mr. Brom field, as Deputy Commissary,

at £. 2 per Diem, from 23 August 1762, to the 20 February

1763.....364 —

12. To 339 Days Pay of Lt. Gen. Howard, as Superintendant of

Commissaries in Germany, at £.10 pen Diem, from 25 March 1762, to the 26 February 1763; and 64 Days Pay of a Secretary and Clerk, at £. 1, 8 s* 6d. per Diem, from

24 December 1762 to D°.....3,481 4 —

22. To 65 Days Pay of Lt. Col. Faucitt, as Deputy Commissary at £. 3 per Diem, from the 24 December 1762, to the 26

February 1763 - 195-----

29. To Ditto, on Account of his Pay as Ditto - 200_______

To Ditto, for his Expences for transporting himself and

2 Clerks to Germany - - - - *200_______

& cL

241,560

13T,698 6,707

10

6

To

C-

4 Geo. III. 21

To 183 Days Pay of DavidCuthbert, Esquire, as Commissary of Controll, at £. 3 per Diem, from ift July j 762, to 30th December following - -

To 183 Days Pay of Mr. Levett, as D*, at D° Rate, from Ditto to Ditto - -

June 3. To 183 Da)ys Pay of Thomas PownaU, Esquire, as Director of the Office of Controll, at £. 5. per Diem, from 24 September 1762, to 25 March 1763 7. To 266 Days Pay of Mr. Mason, as Commissary for muttering the foreign Troops, at £..2 per Diem, from the 1 July 1762, to the 23 March 1763 15. To 91 Days Pay of Ruvigne de Cofne, as Commissary for settling the Claims of the Landgrave of HeJfeCafftl, at £.3 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Secretary, at 1 os. per Diem, from 29 January 1763,10 29 April following To 178 Days Pay of Lt. Col. Jolujloiie, as t>°, for mustering the foreign Troops, at£. 3 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Secretary, at 10 s. per Diem, from the ift July 1762, to the 25 December following To 104 Days Pay of Mr. Frazer, as D°, at/. per Diem, from 29 December 1762, to the 11 Api'uiyf>$

To 364 Days additional Pay of Mr. Mason, as D*, at£. 1 per Diem, from 25 March 1762, to the 23 March 1763, he having acted as Commissary of Controll for the said Time -

July 5. To 17 8 Days Pay of Col. Boyd as Commissaryfor mustering

the Hejfian Troops, at £. 3 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Secretary at ioj, per Diem, from the 1 July 1762, to the 25 December following -

To 251 Days Pay of Mr. Coldworthy, as Deputy Commissary, at £.2 per Diem, from 20 October 1762, to the 27 June following -22. To 365 Days Pay of Mr. Bishop, as Director of the fixed and flying Hospitals for the foreignTroops in Germany, at £. 1 per Diem, from the 1 September 1761, to 31 August 1762 -

28. To 104 Days Pay of Thomas PownaU, Esquire, as Director of the Office of Control!, at £. 5 per Diem, from 26 March 1763* to the 7 June following To 172 Days Pay of Thomas Higgins, Esqu i re, as Deputy Commiflar y , at £.2 per Diem, from 3© December-iy6i, to the 18 June 1763 -

Aug. 10. To208 DaysPayofMr.P^tf/jas CommissaryofMufters* at io.f. per Diem, from 11 May 1762, to the 24 December following -27. To 181 Days Pay of Mr. Mason, as Commissary for mustering the foreign Troops, at£. 2 per Diem, from 1 January 1762, to the 30 June following Sept. 2. To 18 3 Days Pay of Richmond Webb, Esq 11 ire, as a Commissary, at £. 3 per Diem, from 23 December 1762, to the 23 June 1763 -

12. To 31 o Days Pay of Thtmcus Bishop, Esquire, as Director of the fitted and flying Hospitals for the foreign Troops inGermdny, at£. 1 per Diem, from the 31 HAuguft 1762, to the 7 July 1763 *-

Nov. 3. To 166 Days Pay of Sir James Cockbourne, as Commissary General of Supplies, at £. 5 per Diem, from the 11 March 1763, to the 23 August following To 225 Days Pay of Mr. Cuthbert, as a Commissary, at £. 3 per Diem, frosti the 31 December 1762, to the 12

August 1763....

To 224 Days Pay of Mr. Arnold, as a Deputy Cdm-miflary, at £. 2 per Diem, from the 1 January 1763, to the 1*2 August following -To 224 Days Pay of Mr. Hultort, as a Conuniflary, at £. 3 per Diem, from D° to D°

To 90 Days Pay of Richmond Webb, Esquite, asD°, atDB, from 24 June 1763, to the 21 September following To Thomas PownaU, Esquire, Director of the Office of Controll, allowed himforhisTravellingChargeson his Return to England -

549

549

9*5

53?

3*8

623

312

364 623

5°2

365 $20

344

104

362

549

310

836

675

448

.672

270

140

8S«

14.

Dec, 16.

22.

1762. Nov. 3.

1764. Jan. 9.

I7^3*

yf/;r. 22.

Oct. 14. Dec, 17.

21.

2i ° Februarii.

To 85 Days Pay to Ritvigne Be Cofne, as Commissary for settling the Claims of the Landgrave of Cafjel, at 3 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Secretary, at — 10. — per Diem, from the 30 April 1763, to 23 July following - -

To Ditto, for the Travelling Charges of himself and Secretary, in settling D° Claims -

To 360 Days Pay of Peter Lee, Esquire, as a Com miliary, at £. 3 per Diem, from the 25 September 1762-, to the 19 September 1763 To Ditto, to reimburse him fundrySums expended for the Contingencies of his Office -To 176 Days Pay of Lt. Col. Faucitt, as Com miliary, at £. 5 per Diem, from the 8 June 1763, to the 30th No-

297

10 —

125-----

- 1,08b —

272

1 10

vember following

880-----

To 165 Days Pay of Mr. Bromfield, as Deputy Commissary* at £. 2 per Diem, from the 21 February 1763, to the August following - - - - 330 — —

To 37 Days Pay of Gerom Boyve, as a late Deputy Commissary, at £. 2 per Diem, from the 7 July 1763, to the 13 August following - - - 74 — —

To 132 Days Allowance to Major Gen. Sand ford, Lt. Col.

Keith, and Lt. Col. Boy, at £.3 per Diem each, for

attending the Forces on their March from Germ any - 1,188-----

To 91 Days Pay of Daniel Weir, Esquire, as a Deputy Com miliary, at£. 3 per Diem, from 25 June 1762, to the 24 September following -

To 28 Days Pay of Mr. Kidd, as Deputy Commissary, at £. 1. 5 j. per Diem, from the 8th July 1763, to the 4th August following -

273-----

35-----

16.

24.

22.

T763-

Mar. 10.

To Francis Gare, Esquire, for Oats delivered at Bremen, for the Use of Combined Army in Germany , -

To Peter Taylor, Esquire, to discharge a Warrant of Lord Granby's, payable to Messrs, Pye and Craufurd, in further Part of the Expence of a Bridge thrown over the Rhine in October 1760 -

To 132 Days Pay of Lt. Gen. Comvay, at £. 4 per Diem, and his Two Aids deCamp, at 10per Diem, each, from the 30 November 1762, to the 10 April 1763 -

To Lt. Gen. Conway, for his Care, Trouble, and Expences, during the Passage of the Brit.ish Troops thro’ Germany to their Embarkation to England -

To Messrs. Majens and Amy and, in full for their Commission, and other Charges, at the Rate of One per Cent, on £. 990,000, remittted by them to Germany, for the Use of the Combined Army there, between the 25 December 1761 and the 19 Februmy 1763 -

To Messrs. Walpole and Mellish, in full for their Commission and other Charges, at the Rate of One per Cent, on £. 578,000, remitted by them to Germany, for the Use of the Combined Army there, between the 25 January 1761, and the 28 August following -To Messrs. Jlulton and C/^//for/, Commissaries in Germany, to Reimbursement of sundry Sums by them expended, for the Contingencies of their Office - -

To Frederick Stanton, Esquire, Deputy D°, in D°, to reimburse him sundry Sums expended for the Contingencies of his Office -To 365 Days Pay of Mr. Guiguer, as Commissary for the Exchange of French Prisoners of War, at 1 o.y. per Diem, from the 2 5 December 1762, to the 24 December 1763 -

To 365 Days additional Pay of D°, as D°, at D° Rate, from D° to D°

To Messrs. Colebrook, Nesbitt, and Franks, for Provisions issued to the Forces in North America, between the 23 September 1762, and the 3 November following - - 1,372 8 11

To Ditto, for Provisions damaged, condemned, and de-Uroyed, at sundry Posts and Places beyond Albany, extending Westward to Fort Ontario, and Northward to Crown Point, between 14 April 1762, and the 3

November following - - - - 156 36

A. 1764.

£ s- d-

22,57° 15 10

1,867 19 10

6,373 I1 3

660 — —

858 — —

9,900 — —

5,780 — —

192 19 2

45 7 11

182 10 —

182 10 —

To

4 Geo. III. r°

To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to the Forces at Ticondera-go, Crown Point, and Fort Ontario, between the 25th jWy, 1762, and the 2d November following -24. To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to the Forces at Lancaster Carlisle, and Westward of Carlisle, between the 25th June 1762, and the 25th December following; and in Philadelphia, between the 12th February 1761, and the 25th of December following - -

To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and South Carolina, between the 4th November 1762, and the iryih December following....

30. To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to the Forces at Crown Point, Fort Ontario, Ofzcego Falls, and Fort Stamvix, between the 28th July 1762, and the 15th December following -

To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to Mr. Robert Leake, Cotn-missary of Stores and Provisions in North America, in the Months of August and October 176?, and for the Use of the Forces in different Garrisons there, and for damaged Provisions....

June 15. To Messrs. Colebrook, Nesbitt, and Franks, for Provisions issued to the Forces in North America, between the 16th December 1762, and the 26th January 1763 -ToDitto, for Ditto, issued to the Forces in the Provinces of New England, New York, and New Jeifey, between the 27th January 1763, and the 9th March following To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to the Governor of Quebec, between the 6th November 1762, and the 3d January 1^62, - - - x -

July 28- To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to t he Forces in the Provinces of Nero York and New Hampshire, between the 10th March 1763, and the 20th April following To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to D°, in Garrisonat Quebec, between the ifi January 1763, and the 28th March following ——

To Ditto, for Ditto, issued to D°, in the Provinces of New York, Nezu Jersey, and South Carolina, between the 2 iff April 1763, and the iff June following Mar. 10. To Chauncey Townshend, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces at Nova Scotia, between the iff November 1762, and the 28th of the same Month -3°' To Ditto, for D°, at D°, between the 29th November 1762, and the 26th December following - -

Apr. 6. ToDitto, for D°, at D°, between the 27 th December 176?, and the 23d January 1763 -

June 15. To Ditto, for Ditto, at D#, between the 21st February 1 763, and the 20th March following -

29* ‘ To Ditto, for Ditto, at D°, between the 4th October

1762, and the 31st of the same Month; and between the 21st March 1763, and the 17th April following -

To Ditto, for Ditto, at D°, between the 24th January

1763. ^11x1 the 20th February following -

Aug. 22. To Ditto, for Ditto, at Ditto, between the 18th April

1763*and the 15th May following- - -

06t. 6. To Ditto, for Ditto, at Ditto, between the 16th May 1763, and the 12th June following -24- To Ditto, for Ditto, at D°f, between the 10th June 1763, and the 1 oth July following -

Nov. 13. To Ditto, for Ditto, at Ditto, between the nth July 1763, and the 7th August following -

To Ditto, for Ditto, at Ditto, between the Mr August i76;3*_and the 2d October following -

Mar. 10. To Matthew Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison of A nafjolis Royal and Chinecto, between-the 1.4th Jz/nc 1762, and the 5th September following June 15. To Ditto, for Ditto, between the 27th December 1762, and the 20th March 1763 29. To Ditto., for Ditto, between the 6th September 1762, and the 2.6th December following - - '

061. 24. ToDitto, for Ditto, between the2iff March 1763, and the 12th June following - -

May 24. To Sir William Baker and C°, for Provisions delivered to the Commissary of Stores in North America, upon the V <7L. 29.

844 2 6

2,858 14 II 5>23° 13 1,563 18 —

2,524 2 7

i?439 lS 8

1,155 2 11

2,505 2 8

917 6 6

3>583 8 2

3.477 9 9

2,196 6 2

2.93° H 5 1,634 12 11

i.7°3 5 2

3.675 7 4

i.758 1 — 2,258 1 5

2,005 13 — 1,467 7 2

2>435 *9 5 3,458 11 2

757 16 7 916 4 .7

1,103 2 9

967 8 6

857

1 i6

a6th March 1760, which remained in the Magazine at the Expiration of their Contract

Voted on Account for Vi&uaiiingSt/efcec 21,^49 4 11

Uitto ----- for Victualling Nova

Scotia ----- 11,529 8 9

Received of Mefl". Baker and C\ for Money advanced to them on Account of their Contract, for supplying the Forces in America, with Provisions 72,000 — ~ Received of Ditto for Provisions for the

Public Account «.. . - 4,407 18 1

A. 1764.

78,878 3 2,

135*775 3 11

Mar. 4.

1764.

Mar.

11.

18.

To Capt. Le Geyt, to replace the like Sum, being the Subsistance of a Company under his Command, in the 94th Regiment of Foot, loft in crofting a River in North America -

To Robert Carter, for Provisions and Necessaries supplied

by him for the U fe of H is Majesty’s Forces, on the Isle of Buoys, near Ferryland; and for the Su pport of many distressed Inhabitants, who retired thither for Protection v/henNcufoundland was in Possession of th To Mr. A. French, for Provisions and Necessaries supplied by him for the Use of the Forces, on the Isle of Buoys, and the Support of many distressed Inhabitants of Newfoundland -To satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn by John Hamilton, Esquire, Commander of the Castle of Placentia, by Order of Governor Graves

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Capt Stephen Gauly, Com-rtianding Officer of St. John's, Newfoundland, for Provisions, fife, supplied by him for D® Inhabitants -June 7. To Mr. Keene, for Freight or Passage of 66 distressed Persons from Netvfmindland to Waterford in Ireland, at the Rate of £.1. 1 5 each Person -

Augt. 5. To Ot ho Hamilton, Esquire, for an additional Allowance of Fire and Candle for the Garrison of Placentia, from 25th December 1761, to the 24th December 1762 -July 26. To Sam. Smith, for the Purchase of Merchandize to be feat to the Governor of South Carolina, as Presents to the Indians -

Sept. 1. To Benjamin Martin, Esquire, for Pay Bills for Boat Men, fife, to the 27th Afay 1763 -July 29. To Col. Montgomery in Part of £. 7,500, impressed into the Hands of Lt. Col. for the Service of a

Detachment under his Command, and for which Lt. Cd. Bocquet is accountable -Nov. 25. To discharge a Bill drawn by Rob. Farmer, Esquire, Major of the 34th Regiment of Foot, and Commander of the Forces destined to take Possession of Mobile, 8cc. for the Use of Ditto Forces -7. To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by Charles -bridge, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster General of the British Forces in Portugal -Apr. 2. To satisfy D® drawn by D®

9. To satisfy D° drawn by D°

11. To satisfy D® drawn by D® -29. To MefP. Amyand, Liny>ood, and Tierney, for Com sup-

plied by them for the Use of the British Forces in Portugal - /

iQtmct

109,586

it

26,188

12 2

1763.

Mar.

Aug.

12.

oa.

Dec.

iz.

21.

53 8 —

220 16 6

71 5 3

13-----

172 16 —

II!

IO --

79

5,000 —

356 5

3,188 10 —

1,200 — —

4.000

10,000

2.000 2,000

10,470 12 6

To the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, serving in D® between the 9th February 1762 and the 15th May 1763 -

To the Officers of the Hospital in D® from D® to ET" -To 183 Days Pay of William Ward, Esquire, a9 Conn-missary in Portugal, at £.3 ]>er Diem, from the 4th of February 1763 to the 5th August following -To 134 Days pay of Mr. Majendie, Deputy Gommifi fary in D®, at £.1 per Diem, from the 14th May 1763 to the 25th September following -

To Meffr*. Walpole and Mellish, in full for their Commission, at the Rate of One per Cent, on £.73,000, and for the Loss they sustained by the Rife of the Exchange, in remitting the same to Portugal, for the Use of the Britishi Forces there -

5,000

14,631

4»8S9

16

15

9

549

134

*47115

44>0gcPi'on

4 Geo. III.

1762. ©#. 21*

Nov. 2*

3;

*3*

f7*

27.

it.

*5-

27.

1763. Jany. 1. 1762. &*/>/. 1.

3-

©(3. 23.

AW. 6.

*3-

2&c. 3.

11.

14.

24.

763-

/«» 23. Ocl. 29.

2i6 Februarii.

Expedition tinddr the Comtnand of the Earl of Albetnarie.

£' f* di

To Capt. Dixon, for 79,000 Pounds of Nails, bought him for building Barracks, and repairing the Moro Castle, Me. at iorf. per Pound - - - 3,291 13 4

To Ditto, on Account, for purchasing Materials, Hire of Artificers, Me. in repairing the Works at the Moro Castle,

and other Fortifications - - - 1,706 16 8

To Ditto, for sundry Sorts of Working Tools, bought for

D° Service ----- 985 8 6

To 100 Quintals of Iron, at il. 8r. per Quintal, bought for

D° Service - -- -- - 1,400 — - —

To Ditto, on Account, for purchasing Materials, Hire of Artificers, Me. in repairing the Works at the Moro Castle, and other Fortifications ----- 1^407 — —

To Ditto, for 33,000 Pounds of Nails, bought for building Barracks, and repairing the Afore Castle, Me. at iod. per Pound - -- -- - 1,375 — —

To Ditto, on Account, for purchasirtg Materials, Hire of*

Artificers, Me. in repairing the Works at the Moro Castle,

and other Fortifications ----- 1,400 — - —

To Ditto, on Account, for Ditto Service - 2,100 — —

To Ditto for 10 Tons of Lead milled in Sheets, arid 600

Pounds of Paint, purchased by him for Do. Service - 350 — < —

To Ditto, to complete the Pay of the Hire of Artificers,

Labourers, Me.employed in repairing the Works at the Moro Castle, and other Fortifications - 4,387 ih

To D° for Boards, Joists, Artificers’ Tools, bought for D®

Service -..... - 1,735 11

To D®, on Account, for purchasing Materials for D® Servide 2,333 6

6

3

8

To compleat a Warrant for £. 7,954 9 2 for the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, from the 6 Jan. 1762, to the 24 following

To compleat D®, for the pay of sundry additional Gen. and Staff Officers, for 80 Days, from the 6 June 1762 to the 24 August following - -

To compleat D°, for^. 1,830 10. for the Pay Of sundry additional General and Staff Officers, from sundry Periods, to the 24 October 1762 -

To Lt. Mac Namara Davies, for the pay of sundry Assistant

Engineers, for 61 Days, from the 1 Sept. 1762 to the 31 October following To the Pay of sundry Staff Officers, from sundry Periods, to the 16 November 1762 - -

To Lt. Macnamara Davies, for 54 Days Pay of fundiy

Assistant Engineers, Me. from the 1 November 1762, to the 24 December following - -

To 183 Days Pay of the Gen. and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, from the 25 1762 to the

24 December following -

To 133 Days Pay of sundry additional Staff Officers, from the 14 AugujltoD® -

To the Pay of sundry additional Gen. and Staff Officers, and]Officers of the Hospital, from sundry Periods to D® To 242 Days Pay of-Col. Ja mes Qrant, as Commissary

General, at £. 3 per Diem, from the 27 April 1762 t;o the 24 December following -, -

To the Pay of 2 Commissaries of Negroes, from different Periods, to the 24 December 1762 -

To the Pay of D® from the 25th Dec. 1762, to different Periods - - - -

To 53 Days Pay of Major Gen. at £.2 per Diem,

and for his Aid de Camp, at ior. per Diem, from the 7 January 1762 to l be 28 February following

3,822 17 6

256-----

616 10 —

215 3 — 87 12 —

17I 4 —

8,768 2 6

246 . 1 —

53

to

726 ——

52 10 — ,60 16 8

132 10 —

and Staff Officers, and the 25 December 1762

To Ci Days Pay of the General Officers of the Hospital, from

to the 23 February 1763 - - - 1,734

To Charles Lechemere, Esquire, on Account of his Contingencies as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions 710 7*

To Capt. Forjler, for Bass Horses, and Forage Money io

sundry Officers - - - 75-----

Vol. 29. i* I

<So

21° Februarii.

A. 1764.

21.

14.

3°*

12

Dec.

Nov. 10. To Major LA)ftus, for 152 Days Pay, as acting Major td £. the 15 Regiment of Foot, at 5?. per Diem, from the 21

April 1762, to the 29 October following - - - 48-----

To Captain Timpcrlcy, to compleat the Pay of his Corps of

Free Negroes, to the 14 December 1762 ... 495 5 4

To Charles Lechemere, Esquire, on Account of his Contingencies, as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions 721-----

To Mr. Garton, for the Pay of several Companies from the Island of Jamaica, from sundry Periods, to the 24 December 1762 - - - - 1,219

To Captain Forjler, for 100 Days Forage Money for the Troops, according to an Account made out and adjusted front their respective Returns -To M#. Gar ton, for 100 Days Forage Money, to the General 4nd Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital To D°y for D°, to the additional General and Staff Officers To Charles Lechemere, Esquire, on Account of his Contin-

gencies, as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions To Mi4. Carton, for the Pay of several Assistants in the Office of It. Col. Hale, as Secretary to the Commander in Chief, to the 24 December 176a - - - - 17I

To John Kennion, Esquire, to compleat his Bill for Stores and Provisions supplied the Forces to the 22 December

11.

13-

ao.

24.

2,720 — — -

- i>38° — —

2-5°-----

700 — —

1762, according to Contract

1762. Dec. 24.

15.

3° 1763. Jany,

To Captain Skene, for Losses sustained by the Invalids going to England, and Shipwrecked on the Coast of Cuba

To Capt. Neterville, for 40 Horses, with their Accoutrements, bought by Order of Lord Albemarle, and formed into a Troop of Light Dragoons under his Command To Captain Forbes, for the Losses sustained by 3 Companies of the 46 Regiment, who were Shipwrecked on the Banks of the Bahama -

To Captain Skene, on Account of his Contingencies, as Town Major of the Havannah -

To Mr. Garton, on Account, to be by him conveyed to Jamaica, for the Pay of Negroes employed on the Expedition - - - '

To Captain Forfier, in full of his Contingent Expences and pilburfements, as Assistant Quarter Miller General, ' to the 24 'December 1762 -

To Mr. Lance, for transporting Stores and Provisions, from Fort Chorera to the Havannah -To Cof John Hale, Secretary to the Commander in Chief, on Account of Contingent Expences and Disbursements for his Majesty’s Service - -

To Charles Lechemere, Esquire, on Account, for his Contin-

gent Expences, as Commissary of Stores and Provisions

- 39>259 -

276 19 5

493

12 10

209-----

i55 7 1

50,000-----

1,027 17 o 350-----

- 4,000 — — * 700 — —

1.

11.

*3-

21,

no

1762. Dec. 24.

>763-

Jany. 11.

To Mr. Daniel Mandevilte, in lieu of the Medicine Chests usually supplied by the Government, for sundry Regiments -

To John Kennion, Esquire, on Account, for Stores and Provisions delivered, and to be delivered, pursuant to Contratt - 20,000

To John Whitelocke,- Esquire,1 Captain of his Majesty’s Ship’

the Pembroke, to be by him conveyed to the Island of St. Chrijopher’s, for the Pay of 97 Slaves, fumished by that Island, for the Service of the Expedition To Charles Lechemere, Esquire, for the Balance of his’ Account, as Commissary of Stores and Provisions To Jonathan Garton, for the Freight and Insurance of 11 Chests of mixed Silver, sent to England, . from the Havannah - -

- 1,836 4 8

in —

%3 5

To Geo. Dutvnt, Esquire, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Paymaster, General -. , - , -

- 2,442 3 2

To the Hon. William Kepple, oh Account of the Subsistence and Contingencies of IBs Majesty’s Forces - - - 40,000 — . —

Deduct for so much paid on Account of Subsistence to sundry Regiments - *21,735 5 6

18,264 14 6

4 Geo. III.

2 i ° Februa

86i

1761. Dec. 27.

s.

d.

.76°,

Mar. 12*

1763.

3.

23-

Afar. 7. 11.

Apr. 2i. A/ay 6. Jane 7.

28. 7i/(y 6. Aug. 6.

22. -Se/rt. 2.

29. Z)«\ 7.

1764.

>«y. 9-763.

irt'6. 21.

A/ar. 16. Apr. 21. May 6. 20.

June 28.

7«(v 14. Aug. 6. 22.

Sept.2. OR. 5.

M.

AW. 3.

25-

Dec. 14.

1764.

Jany. 9.

1763.

June 15.

Apr. 2i.

OR. 6. Mar. 14.

May 6.

June 49. July 15.

Dec. 10.

Vol. 29.

129 —

To Capt. Neferville, for jo Days Pay of his new raised Troop of Light Dragoons, from the 25 December vj6i to the 23 January 1763 -

To Capt. Forjlerfor the like Sum expended by him as AlMant Quarter Matter General, in repairing the Quarters, and purchasing Utensils, He. for the Regiments, to the 24 December 1762 ----- 1,100 8 3

To Geo. Durant, Esquire, for his Contingencies, as Deputy Paymaster General, upon the Expedition against Guadeloupe, pursuant to Governor Melvill’s Warrant ——

To satisfy Bills of Exchange, drawn by Campbell Dalrymple,

Esquire, Governor of Guadeloupe, for the Payment of

public Contingent Charges of the said Government - 700-----

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D*, for D" - - - - 700 — - —

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D°, for D° - - - - 1,200-----

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D% for D* - - - - 1,276 16 —

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D® - - - - 800-----

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D°, for D® - - - - 4,357 8 10

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D", for D® - 3,000 -

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D® - - - - 1,469 *3 9

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D°, for D° - - - - 2,000 - - —

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D°, for D® - - - - 3,500 — —

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D° - - - - 3,002 7' 6

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D® - - - 3,000-----

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D* - - - - 1,559 11 11

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D* - - - - 1,042 15 2

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by D®, for D® - - - - 800 — —

To satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by quire. Governor of Martinique, for Payment of Contingent Charges of the said Government To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto -To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto

£ '

189,874 i i — 2,478 16 t

William Rufanet Ef-public

" 4*995 2 7

- 2,428 3 0

- 3»713-----

- 1,650-----

- 1,852 14 5

- 1,411 18 —

- 2,810-----

- 3,318 6 —

- 4,504 6 8

- 2,175-----

- 1>549 7 ""

- 7,800 12 —

- 3,709 10 —

i*575 -

® 95° -

- 5 5-----

28*408 13 2

35°

To satisfy Ditto, drawn by Major General Monckton for D® Service To 107 Days Pay of Col. fVorge, as Governor of Senegal, at jT.3 per Diem, from the 9 September 1758 to the 24 December following - - - - 321 """ —

To Ditto, for his Contingent Disbursements as D®, from

ill January 1762 to the 24 December following - - 1950 5 2

To Mr. Calcraft, for the Satisfaction of the like Sum for Sixpences upon Money' font by Anthony Bacon, Esquire, to Goree, for Subsistence of the 2d Batt.. of the 76 Regiment, from 25 October 1758 to the 24th October 1759 - 348 4 5

To Major Cary, Governor of Goree, for the Contingent Disbursements of the said Garrison, between the 1 Augvjt 1762 and 31 December following -To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for the Freigiit of a Ship, sent Express to England by Governor Cary To Major Cary, Governor of Goree, for the Contingencies of the said Garrison, from the 1 January 1763 to the ill March following -

To Ditto, for the Contingent Disbursements of the said Garrison, between the 1 April 1763 and the 15th July following - - 2

6 8

- 1,412 1

- 1,380-----

1,125 10 4

45*349 — 2 3>372 7 3

2*271 5 2

- *»956 19 6

6,023 10

86 a

21° Februarii.

A 1764.

Mar. 7.

Sept. 7. Apr.28,

To discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by William Henry Littleton, Esquire, Governor of for sundry

Disbursements, for the Service of the Shore -

To discharge D°, drawn by D°, for D° -

i- s.d.

69 13 IX 619 I 2

To discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Lt. Gen.

Governor of Gibraltar, for the Contingencies of that Garrison ----- 2,341 13 —

Mai/ 19. To Mr. Calcraft, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 741J £haldron of Coals delivered into the Garrison of Gibraltar, in February 1762, and February and March 1763 2,113 19 9

July 13. To D% for D°’’ Proportion of 942$ Chaldron of Coals,

delivered into Ditto, in April 1763 - 2,686 2 6

Sept.

oa. 6.

14.

>763-

7any. 31.

Mar. 11.

21.

To discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by John , Esquire,

Deputy Commissary of Mahon, for Provisions purchased by him for the Use of the Troops there, pursuant to the Directions of Col. Lambart - - - 170-

To John Dick, Esquire, Consul at Leghorn, for D°, supplied

by him for Ditto ----- 2,022 2 6

To discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by John Wilson,

Esquire, Deputy Commissary at Mahon, for Provisions purchased by him for the Use of the Troops there, pursuant to the Directions of Col. Lam&arf - - - 157 xo —

Apr. 22.

June 1.

3*

July 29.

Aug. 5. 10.

Mar. 10.

To Sir John Mylne, for Coals and Candles, furnished by him, for Companies of Col. Grays Regiment at Guernsey, from the 1 March 1762 to the 31 August following - 122 4 —

To Capt. Brifac, in full for Coals and Candles for the Use of the Guard Rooms at Chatham Lines, from the 22

June 1762 to the January 1763 - - - - 920 3 4

To John Wemyfs, Esquire, for Coals and Candles for the Garrison of Edinburgh Castle, from the 15 August 1762 to the 24 December following ----- 283 — 8

To Sir Thomas Hales for D° supplied by him for the Barracks at Dover Calllfe, from 24 June 1761 to the 24 June 1762 - -- -- - 826 1 6

To Philip Thick ness, Esquire, in full for D6, furnished

the Garrison at Landguard Fort, to 24 December 1762 - 260 12 6

To John Weymyfs, Esquire, for Dc furnished the Garrison of Edinburgh Callle, from 26 December 1762 to the 24 March 1763 - 186 11 —

To Henry Waucliope, Esquire, upon Account, to furnish

Coals and Candles for the Garrison of Plymouth - 500-----

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, lor Coals furnished by him for the Use of the Garrison of Belleife - - - - 821211

To Capt. Brifac, in full for Coals and Candles furnished for the Use of the Guard Rooms at Chatham Lines, from 4th January 1763 to the July following - - - 832 1 4

To Lt. Governor Ball, for Ditto furnished by him to 7

Companies of Invalids at Jersey, in 1763 ... 297-----

To John Wemyfs, Esquire, for Ditto furnished the Garrison of Edinburgh Calile, from 25 March 1763 to 30 June following - -

192

16 6

Nov. 3. Dec, 24.

Feb. 14.

June 7.

1762. July 15.

*763-Feb. 18.

234

234

*34

3

3

3

To Henry Budd, for Provisions furnished by him to the Garrison of Guernsey, to 24 August 1762, according to

Contract . ....

To D°, for D° furnished D°, to the 14 February 1763 To D°, for D° furnished D°, to the 14 August 1763 To D°, for D" furnished by him to the Garrison of Jersey,

for 1 I Year ended the 14 September 1763 - - - 70a 10 7

To discharge a Bill of Exchange drawn by Col. James For refer. Governor of Belleifle, for the Contingent Uses of that Garrison - - 90 113

To discharge Ditto, drawn by Ditto, for Ditto - - 205-----

To Charles Bembridge, Esquire, Deputy Paymaster of the

Forces at Belleife, for the Contingencies of his Office - 89 12 1

To Thomas Lejlcy, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Firing, furnished the Troops quartered in the Garrison of Fort William, Callle Fort

&c. from 25 December 1761 to 24 December 1762 -

£' t. d,

688 1*

7>Mi *5 3

*>349 12

5>*4J 1

1,405

385

5'342

3 9

1 1

3 4 10 11

4 Gted. lit

ai‘ ftebrttariii

Mat. 7. Jc&Thomas Bowerbank, Esquire, Contractor, for mai.tltaihing the Bedding, sCc.. belonging to the Office of Ordnance in the Town and Garrison of Purtfmoullti iof divers Utenflls foirthe Use of the said Garrison -30. To Major Caulfield., towards the Expence bf Hoads and Bridges to be made in North Britain - , - - - < - -

Apr. a 1. To Major (Jaulfield, towards the Expence of Repairing and Surveying the Old Roads and Bridges in North Britain - -

June 1. To I xml George Beauclerfc, for the like Sum expended by him for His Majesty’s Service in North Britain -

To Robert Gardner, Esquire, for Neeeflaries furn idled the Troops in North Britain, and for the Charge of Transporting Arms of reduced Troops, and for Money issued to Officers, conformable to the Orders of Lord Btauclerk, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in No. Britain - - - - <- - -

To the extra Pay of fund ry Subaltern Officers, for conducing Drafts from the 64 Regiment to Isorth America, in 1759 - -

To Col. Monet/, to com pleat a Warrant of this Date, for £. 298 tzs. to be by him paid over to several Subaltern Officers for their extra Pay, for conducting Drafts from Europe to Africa, for Col. Worge's Regiment, Anno 1759 - - - ,-

'To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Lt. Col. Morris, for the extra Pay of sundry Subaltern Officers, for conducing Drafts to the E. Indies -

Sep. *1. To Lieut. Read, to be by him paid to sundry Officers who conducted Drafts to No. America, Anno 1759 -

r r. To Tftomas Botoerbank, Esquire, Contraflorfbr maintaining the Bedding;

H'c. belonging to the Office of Ordnance in the Town and Garrison of Porlfn&itth, for repairing the Bedding, SCc. and for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces there

Aug.

*7-

a*.

Nov.

8.

176s.

Dec. 1763. Jany. I^. Feb. 21. Mar. 11.

14.

16-

x9*

11.

12. May 27.

June 8.

To replace Horses, Swords, SCc. loll by the following Regiments:

To Major Gen. John Bofcawen's - - - 93 19 a

To Major Gen. in -

To Major Gen. 1Vebb'& -To the Earl of Home's - -I To Major Gen. BrudenelTs To the \farq*. of for the

Royal Regiment of Horse To Lt. Gen. Chondey

To Lt. Gen. Carr's -To Col. Keith's -

To Col. Lambart's -To Lord Robert Manners's To Lt. Gen. Bockland's To Lt. Gen. Bofcawen’s To Ditto To Major Gen

*5-July 6.

*3-

.Aug. 10.

1762 -

1759 and 1760

1760 -

.*759

1761

1760 and 1761

1760 -

1760, 1761 and 1762

1761

at Belleifle

1760, 1761 and 1762 1761 - -

175S, 1759, 1760, 1761, and 1762

Elliot's - - 1762

To Lt. Gen. Kingsley's - - 1762 - -

To Lieut. Gen. Cornwallis's - 1761 and 1762 -

To Ditto - - - - 1762 - -

ToMaj.Gcn. Barrington's - 1760, 1761, and 1762

To the Royal Regiment of Horse 1759, 1700,1761 ana1762 ToMaj.Gcn. Elliott's Dragoons 1759, 1760,1761 and 1762 To the’a Regiment Foot Guards- 1761 and 1762 -To Sir John Griffin's - - 1760,1761 and 1762

To Major Gen. Kingsley's - 1760,1761 and 1762 ToLt. Gen. Waldegrave's Dragoons 1760 and 1762 -To Sir John Griffin’s To Lt. Gen. Geo. Howard's To Col. John Campbell's To Lt. Gen. Kingsley's To Lt. Gen. Chomley's To Major Gen. Hodgson’s To Lt. Gen. Napiers To Major Gen. Hodgson's To Lt. Gen. Napier’s To Sir Harry Erskine's To Sir Charles Howard's To Lt. Gen. Dejcan’s To Ditto’s

To Lt. Gen. Mats on's To Lt. Gen. Whitmore's

3*4 13

146 10

5

MO3 9

2

IO

Vol. 2g.

1762

- 1762

- 1760, 1761,1762 and 1763

- 1760 and 1761 -

- 17^2 - -

- 1760,1761 and 1762

- 1761 and 1762

- 1762

- 17ft! and 1762

- 1759, 1760,17613^1762

- 1701 and 1762

- 1761

- 1762

176* -

1761 10 K

224 *69

273 184 146 332 16

*99 9 543 11 638 13 1,769 12

93 13 108 340 16 487 ta 588 13 320 to 93 8 335 10 790 *5

*54 9 246 15

663 8

487 12

63 18

lH *4 390 1*

926 16

235 16 16

H

1

10

3

10

3

6

8 —

8

7

79 4*3 H 129^ i4 279 iq

*7* *7

6

3

7

a

9

I *

625 i 6

5.*»33 9 4

500 — , —

jbo — —

2)786 17 8 201 — 1 —

x8g a

500 — — 5* y

567 7 3

8<$4

ax* Febru

1764.

10.

*7-

Oct

To ad Battalion of the id Be- £. s. d.

gimqnt of Foot Guards - - - - 941 16 —

To Lt. (Gen. Dejean’s - - 1762 - - - - 224 9 —

To Lt. Gen. Moyfioyris - - 1762 - - - - 320 10 —

To Maj. Gan. BrudeneWs - - - - 744-14 —

To Lt. Gen. Carr’s- - 1761 - - * - 33 t8 —

To the 2d Batt. of the 3d Regiment Foot Guards - - 1760* 1761* and 1762

To the 3d Regiment of Foot

Guards - - - - - 1762 -

To the 2d Batt. of the ift Regiment, D* - - - - ,1762 - 656 9 —

To Major Gen. Barrington’s - -175$ - - - - 275 9 2

123d, 25th, and 54th Regiments

of Foot - 138 8 —

C i. i.

' 1,154 19 — - 461 8 6

14. To Lt.|Gen. Bofcawen's - -j2

.VH'

Mar. 43:

14.

fune 3.

hity 13*

ring. 10.

»7-

*4-

Ap.

26.

29*

22.

May 27. Aug. 17.

To the Marches of the following Regiments;

To M.G. TownJhencTs, from 25 Juneto 24 Decent. 1759 - 475

To Lt. Gen. Holmes's25D0, 1760,10241)* 1761 - - 371

To Col. George Gray's, 14 OS. 1758, to 24 D* 17 59 - 423 —

Maj. Markham's Batt. 25 Dec. 1761,10 24 June, 1762 - - 557 18

E. of Ancram'sDragoons, 25 Dec. 1762, to 24 April 1763 - 61 14’

Lord Warkxoovth'sFoot, 25 June 1702, to 19 D* 1763 - - 503 5

Major Johnston'sBatt. 12 D* , 1761, to 30 Mar. 1763 - - 876 15

Lt. Gen. Holmes's,25 Dec. 1761 to 24 June 1762 - - 393 3

Maj. G. La Faujillc's,25 D® 1761 to 24 Dec.x 762 - - 391 12

Col. Forrester's,iyto’24 June 1763 - - - - -3512

Lt. Col. M'Doxcall's, 08. 1761 to 24 May 1762 - - 88 x 19

Lt. Col. Weddcrbum's, if Dec. 1761, to 24 Dec. 1762 - 26617

E.of Panmure'sYy,to24 June 1763 - - - 520 —

Lt. Gen. Dejean'sD*, toD* - - - 252 5

E. of Sytherlancfs Highlanders, D* to 13 Mar. 1763 - - .340 7

Major G. Barrington's Foot, 25 June 1760, to 24 June 1763 - 421 3

E. of Ayicram's Dragoons, 25 Dec. 170 j, to 24 Dec. 1762 - 235 16 11

Col. Byrgtiyad'sD®, toD® 1763 - - - - 742 — 6»

Col. G/vrae’s, from Time of railing, to landing in FencibleMen of Argi/lshire, 25 Dec. 1761, to 24 1763

Major Byng's Batt. D*, to 24 Dec. 1762 Col. Filzroy's,i$ June 1762^07 Mar. 1763 -

Major Ogle's, 0&. 1761, to 28 May 1763 " - -

Capt. Campbell’s Independent C* - -

Capt. lyillidm Robert/on's -

Ditto, it) Dec. 1762, to 23 Feb, 1763 Capt. lyillidm Campbell's, to D*

1

10

4

9 7 4 6

7

1

6

3

3

2

900 16. 8 320 14 5

357 14 6

15 —

- 619

647 11 1 12

l6c

33*

9l *5 63 13

6 8 1.

6

1762. Nov. 17.

1763-Mar. 16.

To' Marches of the following Corps of Militia: Cornwall, from 23 April 1760, to 24 Dec. 1761 -

312 16 4

21.

Ap. 2;

AVeft Fentfi^June 1762, to 13 Da 1762 -

SomerJ'dfJhirc, to Decern, 1762,10 1 Jan. 1763 -

Cleveland and Buhner, 25Dec. 1761,.to 24 Dec, 1762 -Brecknofkshire, i^Jany. 1760,.to 24 I)*, 1761 -

E/Jex, ij(l Batt. 25 June 1760, to 24 June 1761

Carnarvonshire -i- - - -Denbigtyhire, 2.5 December 1761 to 25 Sept. 1762 Monmouthf tire, June 1762,10 24 Dee. 1762 -

May 19. Norfolki ilFBatt. 21 D" 1759. toD* - . -

Gloucesterjsure, "N" R^tt. in 1762 -

Glouce/fyr/IiTre, S° fiatj. in 1762 -" -

Huntingdonshire, 25 June 1761, to 24 Dec. 1761

IViltjhirtf,25 ZVf. 1761, to 24 Dec. 1762 -

Norfolkl 2ctBatt. 21 June 1759,40 D*

Richmondjliire,25 D* 1761, to D* -

Glamorganshire,*24 D* 1762,4q D* -

AY eft lliding'Yo/'A^nre, 3d Batt. froni 2^Dec. 1761, to 24 1762'-' . -

Sir G. qavile'sBatt. of Ditto, D®, to D*

Berk/hirf - - i D®, to D® -

Buckinghaiflshire, 13 May.1760, to D* - t

Cumberland, 25'Dec.‘176*1, toD* - . , _ ‘

27-

85 11

171

*97 298 378 11 58 14 127 13

52

728 5

489 12 918 17 243 6

743 10 75° 13 465-14 10 57 8 6

« 4

5 —

3 8

3

1

6

6

9

1

9

4

5

7

2

9

8

398 —

334 17 Q261 10,

289 — — -220 18 —

11,669 9 —

4 Ob* III.

2 r ° Fekruarii.

June

I.

Hertford,(litre, from 25 Z)<?c. 1761, to 24 Dec. 1762 -

Westmorland, to t)° - -

Leicestershire,25 Dec. 1761, toD® - -

Durham, tvD® -"West Riding of the County of York, to D®

Sir Dig\») Legaxdts Batt. of Yorkshire, to D®

Devonshire^ 3d Batt. - -

D#, 4th B&tt. - -

July 2S. PembrokeJhirt,3.§ June 1760, to 24 Dec. 1762

Bedfordsh '&e, JD®, to D® -

Devonshire, x Batt. D®, to D® - -

Denbighshirey26 Sept. 11762, to D® — -

Warwickshire, 25 June 1762 to 6 Jan. 1763 Hampshire, N®. Batt. 25 Dec. 1761, to 24 Dec. 1762 -Lancashire, D°r to D®

Devonshire, 2d Batt. D®, to 29 D’, 1762 Lincolnshire, S. Batt. D®, to 24 Dec. 1762 Ditto, N° Bat*. D®, to D"

Flintshire, 25 1760, to D® -

Suffolk, 1 ft Batt. 25 Dec. 1761, to D®

Carmarthenshire, 25 De 1761, to D®

Rutlandshire, 25 Dec. 1 760,-to D® -Sept. 21. Suffolk, EasternBatt. 25 D®*76i, to D®

dug. 10.

*7-

24.

f. s. d.

- *94 9 9

423 2 4

- 364 x6 11

- 272 12 3

-363 5

- 356 13

- 118 17

112 10

- 68 4

- laO 14

- 132 16

- 130 19

- 315 4 ' i85 — 4 " 955 — -5^x 1 7

- 265 7

- 193 19

- 128 n

- 126 3

- 71 3

- 74 13 —

320 9 7

'763-

Mar. g

To Catnp Necessaries for the following Regiments; SCc.

Lt. Col. Campbell's ..

Col. Craufurd's -

Lord Blanky's - -

Late Col. flforgan's

Col. ArmJtrong's -

Robertson’s Independent Co. -M. G. BritdeneU's - - - «< -

Lt. Generil Waldegra

dp. 10. Late Maj. G. La Faujille's -

Late Lt. Gen. Holm- -

2d Batt. of the j ft Regiment of Foot Guards Lord Geo. Beauclerk’s - -

Lt. Gen. (Jarr's -

11.

14.

16.

dp.

July

dug.

3°*

*3-

*7-

Major Ogle's -

35$ 4 616 18

444 5 329 444 47

399 00

399 399 470 16 187 6

399

3 6

6

6

6

1

8

9

8

8

4 4 8

189 7 —

1763 dp.

To the Gamp Necessaries of the following Regiments of Militia:

Mar.

10.

11.

June 8.

July 28.

F.ffex, ill Batt. - -

Suffolk, 2d Batt. -

To Mr. Calcraft, for fending Arms, Tents, Me. for several Regiments;of Cavalry in Germany -

To D®, for E>®, for the 20th, 24th, 33d, and-88th Regiments of Fpot, in Germany ——

To D®, fof D®, for fnndry Regiments of Foot, in Germany i; -: -

235

235

6

6

677 1 10

101 2 8

252.11 11

To His Majesty’s Bounty to the \Ton-commissioned Officers and Private-Men of the following reduced and disbanded Regiments; with an Allowance of Thirty Shillings each, in Lieu of their Swords; viz. '

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - .« -166 19 —

3 Regiment Horse - - -- - -- - 78 3 9

I. ight TroOp of Lt. Gen. Conway's Dragoons- - - - - 12 17

D® - - - of 1 ft Regiment Dragoon Guards - * - - 8 i9 —

Six Old Troops of Sir Robert Rich's Dragoons - - - 103 18 —

Light Troop of Ditto - - - 93- —

Ditto, of 2d Regiment Dragoon Guards - - - 83 —

Six old Troops of Lt. General Conway's Dragoons - - - 36 15 —

Light TroOp of Sir Robert Rich’sD®. - - .« -14 13 —

Ditto - - of Lt, Gen. Conway’D® - _ - <- - 17 13 —

Lord dberdoui 's D® - - r - . - - - 19 14 -r-

Six old Troops of Lord zfnerawx’sD® - . - - - 36 18 * —

Lt. Col. //a/e/sD* - - - - . - ? ► 14'** *t

Light Troop of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards - 10 5 *-

1 ft Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - - -5*1 —

Light Troip erf If - - - - 1, 5 9 —

Ditto, of Lt.Geii,_CIisjnleu’s- - - - Q 11 —

VOL. 2Q,

96S

s, d.

‘3.475 — 7

4,74* *8

47<t it —

*,030 16

8 66

2t" Februarii.

DiUo, of Lt. Gen. Howard's - Ditto, of Lt. Gen. Mayfiyn's Ditto, of Ditto - -

Ditto, of Lord Ancram's

Col. Burgoyne's -

Six old Troops of Sir Robert Rich's Lt. Gen. Honeywood’s Horse

2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards Light Troop of the Duke of Light Troop of Lord Ancram's Dragoons Ditto, of Lt. Gen. Chomley's Ditto, of Sir John Mordaunt's Col. Hale's Dragoons -Royal Forresters E. of Albemarle's Dragoons id Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of Ditto 3 Regiment of Foot Guards Col. Grant's Batt. of Foot a Batt. of Lord John Murray's Lt. Gen, Bockland's Major johnjion’s Batt. -Major Mac Lean’s Lord Panmure's M. G. Barrington's Major Markham's M. G. Lambton's Lt. Col. Tonyn’s Lt. Col. Barre’s

Major Craufurd's

Col. Traupaud's Lt. Gen. Cormoatlis's

Ix>rd Adam Gordon’s

Lord Loudoun's-Major Deaken'si ( ~ --Major General Brudenell’s Major Alderton's'

Col. Forrester's - - -

Major Byitg's -: - -

Lt. Col. Keith’s Col, Frederick’s Lt. Col. Oswalds

Lt. General Leighton's

Lt. General Carr's ~ - -

Lt. General Bofcaiven's -

Major General Jeffery's Lt. Gen. Kingsley's Sir John Griffin’s . ' -Col. Cary's

Col. Gray’s - -

M. G. Petitot's -Additional Company of Col. Draper's Col. Craufurd's late Regiment Lt. Col. Campbell’s Major Hamilton’s Lord Warkioorth's Col. Toovey's General Guise's -M. G. Anfruther’s Col. Worge’s Lord Robert Bertie's Lord Geo. Lennox’s

Lord George Beauclerk's Duke of Richmonds M. G. Hodgson’s Col. Invin's -Lt. Gen. Napier's Capt. James Campbell's Independent C* Capt. William Robert J'on's, D*

Capt. Steel's D*; - - r

Lord Sutherland’s Battalion

Fencible Men of Argylshire

t- s. d.

36 *5 -t-

ii 18 —

*7 17 —

5 >3

76 13 —

2 4 —

2 6

34 16 —

9 It —

M 13

x4 13 ie i5 07 u

84

222

454

208

3*5

12 16

2

7

1'

43 "

44 1° 112 14 186 12

'll

8

3

79 7 — 187 14 — 204 3 —

243 10 4

289 12 —

12 1 6 —

186 161 100 178 x6 109 19

143 »7 218 3

4

4

192 7

' *77 5 8

*49 16

45a — 1

240 10

311 1 — -

163 2 —

1 go 15 4

112 b —

89 10 —

*75 16 8

69 t7 8

240 12 4

’ *79 3 8

300 7 4

*7 12 4

347 l6 4

324 —

*75 *5

*37 160 8 8 8

«4 7 4

67 7 —

161 11 —

69 4 8

120 14 8

28 9 —

170 4 4

209 2 4

150 l4 8

77 16 4

5o —

33 x9

53 12 —

457 8 —

469 15

! A 1764.

;C* * d-

lt>5°9

1 3

4 Geo. III.

1763.]une 3d.

Aug. 22.

1762.

Feb. 10.

Mfty 10:

Vol. 2g.

21° Februarii.

To His Majesty’s Bounty to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the following Regiments of Militia; allowed them on their being disembodied; viz.

Cumberland - - «.

Western Batt. of Suffolk

Eastern Batt. of D4

Sir George Savile’s Batt. of Yorkshire

West Kent - -

3d Batt. of Devonshire

4th D*, of D°

Leicestershire - -

Buckinghamshire -

Westmoreland -

Berkshire -

Sir Digby Legard's Batt. of Yorkshire

Warwickshire -Col. Lifter's Batt. of Yorkshire Pembrokeshire -Cheshire -

1 Batt. of Norfolk -

Wiltshire -Denbighshire -S* Batt. of Hampshire Northumberland -

Somersetshire - -

Glamorganshire -

Dorsetshire -

N° Batt. of Gloucesterjhir -

S° Batt. of Gloucestershire Carmarthenshire -

Butlandshire - -

N® Batt. of Lincolnshire S® Batt. of Ditto -

Flintshire -Bedfordshire -Brecknockshire -

Monmouthjliire - -

Durham -

Lancashire -

ift Batt. of Surrey -2d Batt. of Surrey -

2d Batt. of Devonshire

- 124 9 8

- 180 — 4

- 170 18 4

- 165 6 4

226 2 —

- 170 *3 8

J47 2 4

*75 — —

- *i5 5 —

100 2 —

i99 *4 8

- *56 6 8

245 11 8

- 163 13 8

- 66 5 4

- 217 — —

- 180 7 4

275 9 —

- 112 16 4

- x53 *3 —

- I7 12 4

320 7 4

m *34 5 —

129 9 8

- 134 8 —

- 167 8 4

- 66 5 4

- 48 15 4

236 9 8

- 228 18 —

5° *7 4

m *53 1 4

- 45 *9 4

- *9 2 8

166 2 8

298 *5 8

- *33 7 —

- 120 *5 —

- 93 6 8

Pay of the following Regiments of Militia, from the 25th December 1762, to the respective Times of their being disembodied;

Cleveland and Bidmer Bichmondshire 3d Batt. Devonshire 4th Ditto Durham I^eicester Westmoreland Glamorganshire Somersetshire Waricickshire

S* to the 1 Jany. 1763

8 to Ditto

18 to the 11 Ditto 5 to the 29 Dec. 1762

9 to the 2 Jany. 1763

4 te the 28 Dec. 1762 8 to the 1 Jany. 1763

5 to the 29 Dec. 1762 8 to the 1 Jany. 1763 13 to the 5 Ditto

- *35 — I

- *55 5 2

- 388 *7 I

- 94 16 9

- *47 6 2

- 99 *7 1

- 108 *5 4

- 88 11 11

- 252 3 3

379 7 2

To Col. Trepaud, for Bass, Baggage, and Forage Money, of additional Companies to his Regiment of Foot -

To Sam. Tewkesbury, in full Satisfaction and Discharge for providing Bread, Wood, Straw, Forage, 8(c. for the Forces encamped in the Summer 1762 ——

To 365 Days Pay of Major Aekland, in lieu of a C* in his own Corps of Invalids, to the 24 December 1763, at 10 per Diem - - 182 10 —

To 365 Days Pay of Major Cliffe, in lieu of a C® in his own Corps, to the 24 December' 1763, at per

Diem - - - - - 1821a —

io L

867

£ * d-

6,265 4 —

1,850-----

250-----

5,005 t

2i° February.

a- 1764.

1759-

July 31,

1760.

10.

»f763'

4% 13.

Afflj/. 25.

1762. 7u/y 8.

m'J6}

I I.

l6.

il.

13.

22.

7Ay 13.

Apr- 7-7«A/ 29.

2.V

29*

Aug. to.

Mar. g.

Aug. 10.

To 548 Days Pay of Ricluird Carr, Esquire, as a Super-

numerary Captain in Lt. Gen. Bo Regiment, from the 25 June 1762, to the 24 December 1763, at ioi\ per Diem - -

To 548 Days Pay of Sam. Lejley, Esquire, as a Supernumerary Captain in M. G. Jefryes's Regiment, from the 25 June 1762, to the 24 December 1763, at ior. per Diem -

To Capt. Thomas Cuthbert, as Ditto, in Lord Geo. -clerk's Regiment, for the above Time - -

To 206 Days Pay of Thomas Sawyer, Esquire, as D% in Col. Burton's late Regiment of Foot, from 25 August

1764, to the 18 MarcJi 1763, at 10 sper Diem

To 206 Days Pay of John Daniel, Esquire, as D% in D*

Regiment, at 10 s. per Diem - - -To 282 Allowance to Lt. Gen. Napier, late Adjutant General, in lieu of his Pay, at £. 1 per Diem, from the 18 March 1763, to the 24 December following .....-

To Thomas Neivlin, for Damage done to his Hedges and Fences by the Encampment of the Troops in 1762, on his Field near Winchester To Ditto, for the Hire of D° Field, for the Encampment of D4

To Lord Ligonier, for the like Sum expended by him for the Service of the Army, from 1 January 1762, to 31st December following

To Mr. Calcrqft, to be by him paid over in full to sundry Artificers employed in building the Horse Guards -

To Sir John Griffin, to replace sundry Pair of Shoes, fife. taken by the Enemy in 1762, - -

To M- G. John Bofcatven, for the contingent Disbursements of his Regiment ——

To Mr. Vardy, for Repairs done at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, Savoy, Sic. in the Year 1761 -

To Lord Robert Manners, for the contingent Disbursements of his Regiment, from the 25 June 1762, to the 24 December following To Capt. Thomas Webber, Paymaster to the Regiment Horse, to replace 1000 Ducats, being Part of the Subsistepce of the said Regiment, of which he was robbed - -

To Capt. Steele, far the Pay of his Commission Officers of his Independent Company, from the respective Dates of their Commission to the 5 November 1762 -

To Lt. Gen. Napier, for his Contingent Disbursements as Adjutant General, to 10 April 1763 -

To Capt. Commandant Richard Steele, in lieu of 194 Off-reckonings of his Independent Company of Pioneers -To the Pay of sundry Officers of the Hospital of BeUiJle, from 6 February 1761, to 20 January 1762 -

To compleat 229 Days Pay of Richard Huck, Esquire, Physician in N° America, to the 24 December 1758 - -

To Georga Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines, fife, fumished by him to the Forces in 1762 -

To Major Gen. Webb, for defraying his Expences in disbanding and reducing several Regiments ——

To Capt. Elrington. for Losses sustained by him on his Passage from the

Havannah to England -

To Col. Gray, for the contingent Disbursements of his Regiment To M. G. Stanwix, in lieu of 29 Off-reckonings of aC4 added to his Regiment ——

To John Calcrqft, Esquire, for the Contingent Disbursements of 3 Regiments, and 23 Companies of Invalids, to the 24 December 1761 To the E. of Rothes, for Ditto, of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, to the 24 December 1762 ——

To 293 Days Pay of Dau. Webb, Esquire, as a Major General in Germany, at £. 2 a Day, and for the Pay of his Aid de Camp, at 10 per Dieto, to the 23d October 1761 ——

To the Pay of sundry additional General and Staff Officers, from different Periods to the 24 December 1762 - -

274 — —

274 ~ — 274 — —

*03 — — 103-----

282 — —

I- s. i

1,675-----

194 15 10

53 8-

too-----

155 18 6 76 - 4 312 - 9 929 II 2 132 .8 9

496 2 10

87 6 9 40i 5 3 158 15 -

3.197 10 " 163-----

9.549 5

15°-----

*54 i3 " 545 r9 "

17 5 3

774 ’5 862 15 9

n110 "

,n,o*814 To

4 Geo. Ill

x i ° Febrttarii.

8 6.9

1764.

Jan.

*763-Aug. 24.

26.

Sept. 2i.

0<3f. 12. 14. 24.

26.

iViw. 3.

11.

1762.

Dec. 8.

1763.

25-

8.

iVbr. 3. June 15. Aug. 10.

Nov. 11.

Dec. 21.

*3-

1764.

Jan. 16.

Voii. 29.

To 37 Days Pay to Col . Peirfon, as a M. General, at £. 2 per Diem, and for the Pay of his Aid de Camp, at io.f. per Diem, from 2d July 1762, to the 7 Augvftfollowing -

4

To Sam. Lee, Surgeon, for having admitted into his Hospital, in the Year 1762, sundry Soldiers of the Army afflicted with Ruptures To the E. of Rothes, for clothing the Drum Majors, Sc. of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, to March 1765 -. -

To Captain Williams, for Necelfanes for the First Regiment of Foot -Guards, to the 24 December 1762 - - - > - -

To discharge Bills of Exchange drawn by Brigadier Draper - -

To Capt. Steele, for the Contingent Disbursements of his C* of Pioneers To Mr. Dyke, for Provisions delivered for the use of the Forces on the Me of Buoys near Ferryland -

To Capt. Lieut. John Grant, Paymaster of the 58th Regiment of Foot, to replace the like Sum, being Part of the Subfillence of the said Regiment, which he loft by being taken by the Enemy, on his Passage from New York to the Havannah, in the Year 1762 -

To Mr. West, Secretary to the Commissioners for examining And stating the foreign Accounts of the late War, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Lieut. Col. OJioald, in lieu of 2 Months Offreckonings to Companies of his Batt. - - - ,

To Major James Johnston, in lieu of 8 Months D® to 1 C® of his D*

To Major Wedderburn, in lieu of 2 Months D®, of an additional Company added to his Batt. -To Lord Warkworth, in lieu of 8 Months D®, of 1 C® added to his Regiment ——

To Col. Forrester, in lieu of 8 Months D®, Of 3 Companies added to his Regiment - - -....

To Lt. James Webber, for Losses sustained by Shipwreck, on his Passage from New York to the Havannah, in July 1762 -

To 196 Days Pay of Col. Defmaritz, for inspecting the Cunnette Forts and Batteries at Dunkirk, agreeable to the 5th Article of the Preliminaries, at £. 3 a Day, and for his Secretary, at ios. per Diem, from 11 December 1762, to 25 June 1763 -

To Capt. Hoddinet, for Necessaries for the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, to the 24 December 1762 -

To Meffi s. Fisher and Peirce, for Freight and Insurance of Invalid . Clothing, sent to sundry Garrisons -

To Thomas Ford, in full Satisfaction for Damages done to his Grounds by encamping the Forces on Barham Downs, in the Year 1760 To Major James Hamilton, for the Subfillence of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of his late Batt. from the respective Dates of their Attestations to the Commencement of their Establishment -To Lt. Col. Ojwald, for clothing the fupemumerary Men of Companies of his Batt. ——

To Major James Johnston, for D® of D®, of 1 C® added to his Batt. -To Lt. Col. Tonyn, in lieu of 61 Days N*‘ Off-reckonings of 3 Companies added to his late Batt. of Foot - -

To Ditto, for 365 Days N*‘ Off-reckonings of the fupemumerary Men of 3 Companies added to his late Batt. of F(k>t - - - - I

To the Pay of the General and Staff Officers employed on an Expedition to the Minala, between the 1 of January 1762, and 16 Apr. 1763 -

To Col. William Draper, for an Equipage as Commander in Chief upon

D® Expedition -

To Ditto, for sundry contingent Disbursements incurred by him as D®

To Col. Hamilton Lambart, in full Satisfaction for his Care, Trouble, and Expence, in taking Possession of the Island of Minorca

To 301 Days Allowance toLt. Col. Browne, for his Care, Trouble, and Labour, in settling the Expences of the Prisoners of War in Germany, from the 25 January 1763, to the 22 November following, both inclu- 1 five, at £.3 per Diem -

To 363 Days Pay of Philip Burlton, Esq. as Inspector General of the Regimental Infirmaries, and Chief Director of the Hospitals in Germany, from 25 December 1761, to the 24Decmter 1762,both inclusive,

at 1.2 per Diem — -....

To 365 Days additional Allowance to Olho Hamilton, Efontre, for Fire and Candle for the Garrisons of Canso and St. in NevqfoundlcBuL, from 25 December r 762, to the 24 Decern. 1763, both inclusive

£. s. d.

92 10 —

3°o — — 344 9 —

620 9 4

733 13 3 102 4 4

12 18 8 235 — —

5oo-----

145 5 4 144 5

49 18 9

I5I 5 8

596 10 9

53 1 6

686 — — 364 7 6

387 9 11

50 -

1,115 9 —

37° 6 5 92 3 7

108 ig —

264 10 —

5,676 10 —

1,000 —

564 15

400-----

730-----

79

1 i To

870

21° Februarii.

To the Pay of the General and Staff Officers at between the 5 July

1761, and the 23 May 1762 ——

Due to the Duke of Brunfioic, to make up the full Pay, as (Updated by Treaty, for hisTroops in the Service of Great for the Year 1763

Due also to the Duke of Brunfioic, for advanced Subsidies, from the 20th Day of March 1763, to the 24th Day of December following, iuclusive, pursuant to Treaty -

Towards which, may be applied the like Sum of £.33,557 6. g-,-T. Fart of the Money voted in the last Session, for defraying the Charge of the Troops of the Duke of Bruns-ivic in the Pay of Great Britain, for 86 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1762, to the 20th Day of March 1763, both Days iuclusive, together with the Subsidies for the said Time, pursuant to Treaties; and which Sum was, in the Estimate relating to the said Troops presented in the same Session, charged for Payment of the said advanced Subsidies to the said Duke, but, by reason of a Defect in the Vote, could not be applied for that Purpose ----- - 33,557 6 9*

Also may be applied, viz.

Voted for the Pay and Levy Money for Five Battalions, Franck or Briti/k Legion, from the 25 December 1759, to 24 December 1762 - -- -- - 103,912 12 6

Remitted for that Service ----- 35,000 — —

----- 68,912 12 6

Received of Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Wilkinson, on account of the Balance

due from them to the Public - - 33,560 1 10

Received of MefiVs. Walpole and Mellish, Remitters to for the Balance due from them to the Public ----- 1,094 *4 10

Received of MefTrs. Majens and Amyand, Remitters to D% for the

Balance due from them to the Public - - - - " *5>737 12 5

Received of Governor Pownall, for the Balance arising from the Sale of

the King’s Stores - 1106

Received of Mr. Aaron Tozer, for the Balance arising from the Sale of

Ditto - - - 694 4 5

Received of William Warde, Esquire, on account of Corn fold out of

the King’s Stores at Lisbon - 10,000 — —

Remains to be provided for

War Office, 21st February 1764.

W. Ellis.

A.

764.

f d.

4$424 14 —

5.3I4 8 n$

33*557 6

987.434 15 6‘‘

163,558 3 3t»

823,876 12 2$

Manchester

College

Glebe*

Etpinng

Laws.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College of Christ in Manchejin the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said College: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

And a Motion being made, that the said Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent that tho House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time-

Ordered, That the fnstruction which, upon Thursday the 9th Day of this Iuliant 7'Vf.ruan/, wsis given to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,

or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions that Day reported from the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; as were then agreed to by the House; to make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the more effectually punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously drawing up or damaging Floodgates upon any River made navigable by Act of Parliament; be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make more effectual Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the Preservation of the Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, and other Works belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament; and for the maintaining the Navigation on such Rivers and Streams.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w’hom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

the

Ways and Mom.

4 Geo. III. n° —

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed |iim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz., Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King-CrVo/^e the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of B'ilish Sad Cloth, and for the more effectual fe-ettring the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, Jirom t|ie24th Day of June 1736, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the 13th, 24th, and 3,1st Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolvenl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Ihs late Majesty King G the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of 1British made Gunpowder, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 2 ;th Day of June 1731, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the 10th, 16th, 24th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to lie continued.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act> made in the 3th Year of the Reign ot King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty’s Jiritish Plantations or Colonies in , free from

-all Customs and Impositions whatl’oever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th of June 1722; and which, by foveral subsequent Acts, made in the 16th, 24th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was further continued until the 29th Day of September x.764, and , from thence to the End of t he then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and, fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a, Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Dickuifon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. son, Mr. Whately,.and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion A Motion being piade. That Leave be given to bring

respoftvig j, a Rii| for regulating the Practice of the Secretary of Warrant*. State’s. Office, in issuing out Warrants in Cfdes of Libels;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the JToufe, withdrawn.

Call of The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House,

the tiuofe. being, rend.

Ordered, That. the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

DeUune's The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Will. . whole House,. upon the Bill for yelling Two.Shares in V.oi», 29.

— 24* Februarii. 871

Renrfagh House, Gardens, and Premises, late the Estate of James Delaune, deceased, in John Ferret and

Robert Edmeston, and their Heirs, in Trull to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delaune.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Harris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. James Harris reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vnd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 20 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii III. Regis, 1764.

THE House being met, the Clerk, at the Table, The acquainted the House, That he had received a Speaker’s Letter from Mr. Speaker; which he read to the House; fedifpofitisu. and which is as followed); viz.

SIR, Downing Street, Feb. 22nd, 1764.

I mull desire you to make my moll respectful Compliments to the House, and acquaint them with the great Concern and Unealiness I feel at not being able to attend their Service this Morning; but I am so veiy same in one of my Feet, that I cannot set it to the Ground, I hope to be abroad again by Friday, and submit to the House to do as they think proper on this Occasion. I am,

SIR,

Your moll obedient humble Servant,

John Cust.

Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons.

Whereupon it was moved. That the House would House adjourn t ill Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock, adjourns.

And the Clerk, by the Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly, adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris* 24 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIItfi Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

THE House being met, Mr. Speaker returned his humble Thanks to the House, for their Indulgence to him during his Indisposition. Think*.

Ordered, That all Copomittees be revived. Coomittm.

Ordered, That all Committees have l^ave to fit, Ditto, notwithstanding any. Adjournment of the House*

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and tackling the Hidden iq M Open in$i«fiMc-

Sni . 04 'Februarii- A. 1764.

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West , in

the County of Northampton, be read a Second Time, upon Thursday Morning next.

AS* The Lord Warkworth reported from the Committee, r»spe£iing w}j0ni the petition of the Directors of the 1 land in *££ Hand Fire Office, and of the Directors of several other Offices within the Cities of London and Westminster Insuring Houses and Goods against Fire, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Mischiefs by Fire, was read; whereby it appears, that so much of the said Act as relates to Party Walls, is confined to Cafes, where one of the adjoining Houses is to be new built: And,

Mr. John Pratt, Bricklayer, being examined, said. That some Regulations are wanting, where Party Walls are out of Repair, though neither of the adjoining Houses require rebuilding.

That the Surveyors appointed by the said Act, being Four in Number, are frequently equally divided in their Opinions, which makes it impossible to carry some Provisions in the said Act into Execution.

That Party Walls ought to be built with Stone, or well burnt Bricks.

That they should be Two Bricks and an Half thick . in the Cellar Story; Two Bricks from thence to the , Garret Floor, and One Brick and an Half from thence upwards; and that all Party Walls should be carried . Eighteen Inches, at the Jeaft, above the Roof and adjoining Gutters.

That it would tend greatly to prevent the communicating of Fii'e, if Builders were prevented from laying any Timbers into Party Walls, except the Girders and Templets, and the Purloins and Kirbs, or Cirbs, of the Roofs; and also, if they were restrained from laying the Ends of Girders, or other Timbers, opposite to one another.

That no Inconvenience will arise from these Regulations, but that Houses may be built this Way as cheap as any other, and will be as llrong or stronger.

That if Houses were to be built with Stone or Brick, both forward and backward, from the Breflummer up-' wards, and the Breflummer to be put no higher than the First Floor, it would frequently prevent, the spreading of Fire.

And he informed your Committee, that the said Act is, in many other respects, defective.

Sir Thomas Robinson, Baronet, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Pratt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating of Buildings to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein to be mentioned: And that the Lord War Mr. Sandys, and Sir William Beauchamp P,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Atherflon ' Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, ac-Iqcloiure. cor(png to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Atherflon, in the County of Warwick, and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds within the same: And the same was received; andread the First Time.

Jlcfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

*' ^r- Sandys presented to the House, according to

Wktctf. Order, a Bill for establishing aregularand nightly Watch,

20

and for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Aud

the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Barroio presented to the House, according to Gl<i«rl» Order, a Bill for the more effectual Relief £tnd Employe ?<* Ynent of the Poor within the City of and for

lighting the Streets of the said City: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining, preserving, and improving the 8mm Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, bniwjt Townships, Hamlets, I.ordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton, Ganjlcad, Swine,

Benningholme Grange, and Fairh

Row ton, Arnold, Long Riston, Leven, Heigholme and

Hallytree-holme, Brandejburlbnand Burfall, E/ke, Tick-

ton, Weel, Routh, Meux, and Wotherwise

in Holderness, in the Fall Riding of the County of

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot. Sir George Scivile, Lord Warkworth, M Mr. V ane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, M r. Shijfner, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bulter, Mr. Knightley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Biirtur., Sir John Glpwe,

Mr. Burrell, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Herne, Sir High Dalrymple, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Mr. Harbord,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Scudamore. Mr. Llcvd, Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Orwell, Mr.. Montagu, Sir Richard Warxv’ck Bampfgldc, Mr. TownjSir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr.Fonereau, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Mr

Mr. Butler, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. ITilbraham Booties and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham:And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to B;cU Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of Englint the Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground, for opening a Patfage for Carriages from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious: And the same was received; andread the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Meiflage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Help* for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds in the Parish of Helgay, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act N«p<A for impowering the Committee or Committees for the Time being, of the Estate of John Newport, Esquire,' a Lunatic, to make Leases of his Estates, during his Lunacy; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according Gm: to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open W*» and Common Fields in the Parish of Great Wigslon, in Inc" the County of I.eicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open gktfJ.r? and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township intiof*.

and

Septllchre’s

Poor.

London.)

Lambeth

lod

Newington

Roads.

Horhling

laricfure.

j

1

4 Geo III. . 240 Februdrii*873'

and Parish of Skewing, in Holderness, in the County Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of York, was read the Third Time. be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Parish of Ilorbling, in the County of Lincoln-, and for Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and draining and improving the said Fen.

PariiJi of Skejfling,-ip Holderness, in the County of Ordered, That Mr. Whichcol do carry the Bill to the

York. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Chilvers

Common Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, and Cot°n An ingrossed Bill for governing, employing, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Chilvers n 0 ure' maintaining the Poorof that Part of the Parish of Saint Coton, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Sepulchre which is in the County of Middlefe.r-, for Time.

cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Places within the same; and for widening Charter-house Common Fields, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in Lane: was read the Third Time. the Parish of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

be, An Aci for governing, employing, and maintaining Lords, and desire theii Concurrence, the Poor of that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre

which is in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Newport’s lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, for impowering the Committee or Committees for the Yards, and other open Passages and Places within the Time being, of the Estate of John Nexvporc, Esquire, fame; and for widening Charter-house Lane. a Lunatic, to make Leases of his Ellate during his

Ordered, That Sir William B'-auchamp Proflor do Lunacy, was read the First Time,

carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecondTime. rente.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to Billefdon A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Execution an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign Fields and Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, the County of was committed; That the

widening, and.keeping in repair several Roads in the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George South-and found the same to he true; and that the Parties teark, and Bermonfe7, in the County of Surrey, and concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Lewijkam, in the County of Kent; and of several I11- Satisfaction of the Committee; except----- Smith,

habitants of the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Martha and----- Partridge, Widow, who

Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; was presented to areintitledtoOneYard Landanda Quarter; and thatall the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petiti- the Lands to be inclosed amount to Fifty Yard Lands bners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is and a Quarter; and that the Committee had gone depending, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there--said Act; and for lighting and watching the said Roads; unto; which they had directed him to report to the and that there is a Lane, leading from a Place near the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-Turnpike, at Symond’s Corner at Lambeth, called terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Lambeth Marsh Back Lane, which communicates at at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were each End with the Roads directed to be repaired, and once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One intended to be enlightened and watched by the said by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Bill, and is ruinous and narrow; and that the salutary upon, were agreed to by the House.

Purposes intended by the said Bill will be in a great Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be 'Meal'iire evaded, unless Provision be made for widening, ingrossed. repairing, watching and enlightening the said Lane;

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made A Bill for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Batchacre for the aforesaid Purposes in the said Bill, under such Counties of and or one of them, from Grange,

Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and Ty,hes» &c-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the for settling other Tythes in Lieu thereof; was read a Confidt ration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Second Time.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

appear to them, to the House: worth, Mr. Sir Mr.

And it is referred to Mr. Onfow, Nlr.Kynuflon, Mr. hard, Lord Mr. Sir John Gibbom, Mr.

Whichcol, Mr. Shelley, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Parker, Fuller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Barroio, Mr. Onslow,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. PI umpire. Colonel Irwin, Mr. Mr. K Mr. Sir Amyand, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Town- J/hamMr. Norris, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lord field. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Wark M r. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rushout,

Lord Browtdozo Bertie, Mr. Gray, Captain Lockhart, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor-Mr . Ongley, Mr. IVilbrahamBootle, Mr. Whitworth, dauntMr. Lord

Mr. IVilbraham, Mr. I.afcelles; and all the Members Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Tuwnjhend, Mr. Which cot,

who servefor t he Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffer; Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Mr. Rice, Mr.

and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Parker, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Chester, Leicester,

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at and Records. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom Samford and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, the Parish of Ilorbling, in the County of Lincoln; and Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of

for draining and improving the said Fen; was read the Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee had ex-

Third Time. amined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the fame

Vol. *9. to

Toddenham

Iiidolure.

, A V>oob

called Droit ic Roy declared a Libel.

874 24* FebruariL A. 1764.

to bp true; and that the Committee had gone through the Hill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had directed liiiii to report to the House; and he read tile Report iti his Place; and afterwards delivers! the Kill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ibgrofled.

Mr. Harbord reported froth the Committee, to whom

the Bill for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Chnimon, called Bad Moor, as lies within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Cteres, Mattishall Tuddenham on the Part of North Tudden-

kan\and Bell-lton/e HaU, and in the Parish of North

Tuddenham, in the County of andeertain other

Commons and Walles within the said Manors and Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Kill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Edward Cafe, who refused to Ggn the Kill, whose Property in the said Parish is of the yearly Value of about jf. 20, and that the whole yearly Value of the Fftnles, within the said Parilii, intitled to Might of ( oimnon, amount to about £. 1500; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report u; his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration,‘and takt-n and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally readaSecond Time, were. Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the; Bill, with the Amendments, hie ttjgi'ofloi,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. 4ngui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixirds desire a present Conference with this House, in the painted Chamber, touching a Matter 'highly concerning the Honour of His Majesty and His Government.

Ami then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,‘That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee \vas appointed of Lord Strange, Mr. Oujloxv, Ix>rd North, Mr Mr.

Mr. James Harris, Lord Caryffort, Mr. Shelley, I,ord

'Harni Foretell, Mr. Jenkinson. Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Mr.

Xagent. Sir Alexander GilmoMr. Alderman Beck-

ford. Sir George Pococh, Sir John Philipps.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they w ent to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord Strange reported the Conference: And that it was to acquaint this House, That the Lords having taken into Consideration a Book, intituled, le Roy, or a Digejl of the Rights and Prerogatives of the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, had come to the following Resolutions:

" Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

" in Parliament assembled,

" That the Book, intituled, Droit le Roy, or a Digejl " of the Rights and Prerogatives of the Imperial Crown

" of Great Britain, is a false, malicious, and traiterous

" Libel, inconfilieut with the Principles of the Revo*

lution, to which we owe the present happy Establishment; and an audacious Insult upon His Majesty, " whose paternal Care has been so early, and so effect* " nally shewn to the Religion, Law's, and Liberties of " His People; tending to subvert the Fundamental " Laws and Liberties of these Kingdoms, and to " introduce an illegal and arbitrary Power."

" Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal *' in Parliament assembled,

" That one of the said printed Books, be burnt by the " Hands of the Common Hangman, In the New Palace " Yard, Westminster, on Saturday the 25thDay of this " instant February, atOueof the Clock in the After-

" noon; and that another of the said printed Books " be burnt by the Hands of the Common Hangman, " before the Royal Exchange, in London, on Monday " the 27th Day of this instant February, at the same " Hour; and that the Sheriffs of London and

" do attend at the said Times and Places reflectively, " and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly." To which Resolutions their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House; and that the Conference, also, was to communicate to this House, the said Book.

And the said Report was read.

And several Parts of the said Book being also read; And the First of the said Resolutions being read Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Resolution.

And the Blank was filled up with the Words, " and Commons."

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Resolution.

And the Blank was filled up with the Words, " and Commons."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, on the subject Matter of the la.fi Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Warkworlh do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Petition of Francis Smart, Lord of the Manor oft Snotterton, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is depending in this House, for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of in

the County of Durham-, and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, the Property of the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced; and that there is within the said Township, a Piece of Common, called the Moor Buts, situate between the Town of Staindrop and Staindrop Moor; and that if the same was indofed, and the Profits thereof were applied for the Relief of the Poor of Staindrop, it would be a great Benefit to the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, who pay to the Relief of the Poor of the said Town; the said Piece of Common being now of little Benefit: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard by himself or Counsel against such Parts of the said Bill, as

aife&

Stafink

Inclok

Conference

on

Resolutions respecting a Book Droit It* Roi.

4 Geo. III. 24° Februar875

affects the Petitioner’s Property; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (hinds; and that the said-Piece of Common, called the Moor may be

inclosed; and that the Profits arising therefrom be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The Lord Warhicorth reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a-Chn-ference upon the Subject Matter of the lait Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the printed Book communicated by the Lords to this House, be re-delivered to the Lords at the Conference, together with the Resolutions to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House; and that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the said Resolutions.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord Strange reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords, and left with their Lordships the said printed Book, communicated

by the Lords to this House; and had acquainted their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Resolutions to which their Lordships had desired the Concurrence of this Iloui’c.

Resolved., That this House will, upon this Day Se-vermight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, infieadof the Six Days Labour.

liefolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages."

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1764.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716: with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1764.

Aud the Titles of the said Estimate and Lift were read.

The said Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1764, is

as followed!; and the said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year r 7C4.

14,294

272

103

31

Out Pensioners handing at Chriflniaslaft upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each, for 366 Days Out Pensioners admitted since C last, or returned from

Garr ifon, at 5 d.per Diem each, calculated from the respective Pe-

riods of their being placed on the Books of the Hospital Letter Men at 12 d. per Diem each -

Serjeants at 9 d. per Diem each -

14,700

From which deduct.

The Sum of Nine Thousand Five hundred Pounds; which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1764

Remains to be granted upon Account for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1764 -

Deficiencies on the Year 1763, being for 5643 Out Pensioners admitted during the Year 1763, or returned from Garrison, at 5 per Diem each, calculated from the respective Periods of their being placed on the Books of the Hospital

Total

War-Office, 24th February, 1764.

297 15 IO 5 r3 4 5 3 0 1 3 3 108,991 15 0 1,991 19 6 1,884 18 0 425 9 6

3°9 l5 5 113,294 2 —

m 9>5°°

103,794 i

- 18,331 17 11

£ 122,125 19 11

W,_EUis.

Vol. 29. jo N Ordered,

Amending

Highway*.

Clandestine

Marriage*.

Accounts Chelsea Htfpiial.

24 0 Februari1764.

> 'ered.That the said Estimate and Lift ilo lie upon Secretary fit War, Mr. Mr. Lor<l

!’- able, to be perused by the Members of the Onccll, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr. Alderman Bed-

ii.use. Captain Lockhart, Mr. Mr

Mr. (Jeneral Toionfliend, Mr. Ryder, Gene-

WT ate A Petition of several of the Merchants of New Eng- ral Mr. Lord M idle ton, Mr.

FiUicry- tod and Ij)ndon, trading to Neic England, was presented Sir George Smil-, Mr. Lane, Lord John Catemlish, Mr!

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That among Sir John Mr. General

the many happy Effects arising from the Reduction of -wood, Mr. Whately, Mr. Gore, Mr. Champion, Nip.

Canada, and the Cessions made to the Crown of Eng-Chancellor of the Exchequer; and all the Merchants land by the late Peace, one of the most beneficial Tend- of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ency is the Discovery and actual Exercise of a Whale at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and Fishery in the Gulph and Rii er of Saint Lawrence: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, that, irvthe Year 1761, the Province of Mafnchujct's

Bay fitted out from Boston, and other Parts, Ten Vef- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

fels of from Seventy to Ninety Tons Burthen, for the Account of the Quantity of Whale Finn imported into laid Fishery; and that the Success of these Vessels England from North America, from Christmas 1758 to was such, as to encourage the fending out of Fifty Vef- Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year; together fels in 1762, for the same Purpose,; and that in 1763, with the Amount of the Duty paid on the Importation more than Eighty Vessels were employed in the same thereof.

Manner,; and that in 1762 and 1763, there were im- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ported into England upwards of Ninety Tons of Whale Account of the Quantity of Whale Finn imported into Finn, being the Produce of the said Fishery: and that, England from from Christmas 1753 to Co-

upon the Importation of the above Finn, a Duty of mas 1763; distinguishing each Year; together with Thirty-one Pound Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton the Amount of the Duly paid on the Importation was required and paid; and that the Weight of this thereof.

Duty is rendered much heavier, by the great Reduction

made in the Price of Dutch Whale Finn since the Com- Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Wednesday inencement of this Trade, from about £.500 to about Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the jf-350 per Ton; and that the encouraging of a Britishwhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Ifca Whale Fishery, and the enabling the English Subjects for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. to rival the Dutch, and other Foreign Importers, has

been judged by Parliament a Matter of so much Con- That this Lloufe will, upon

sequence, that by One Act, made in the Sixth Year of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Reign of his late Majesty, a Bounty of Twenty whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Shillings per Ton, and by another Act, made in the to His Majesty.

22d Year of the said Reign, an additional Bounty of

Twenty Shillings per Ton, was granted upon all Ships Mr. Bacon, from the Commissioners for Trade and employed in the Greenlandand m’sStreights Fishery; Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their

and that, notwithstanding this Encouragement, the Address to His Majesty.

British Fishery has not imported a sufficient Quantity of Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and support- CM

Oil and Finn to equal the Demand for those Articles, ing the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of 1 so necessary to the English Manufactures; and that the Nova Scotia, for the Year 1764. Non&c

Petitioners apprehend that it cannot be the Design of Mr. Bacon also, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Parliament to grant a Bounty to One Part of His Ma- Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s jesty’s Subjects, in order to encourage the importing of Command,

Oil and Whale Finn, and to discourage another Part, by Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Ma- G«t^ laying a Duty upon the same Materials, and that the jesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Ex-Petitioners alk for rio Bounty, but are content that the pences attending the fame, from 24th June 1763, to Inhabitants of Great Rrifamlhould enjoy the Preference 24th June 1764: And also,

above themselves, but hope they shall not be burdened Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s with a Tax upon the Importation of that very Commo- Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expenses FloA; dity, for which others of their Fellow Subjects are re- attending the lame, from 24th June 1763,10 24th June warded with a Bounty: And therefore praying the 1764: And also,

House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Eii grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall Province of East Florida, and other incidental Ex- seem meet. pences attending the fame, from the 24th 763,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the 24th of June 1764: And also{

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Estimate of the Expence attending general Surveys mine, andftate to the House, the Matter of Fastcon- of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the tained in thedaid Petition: - Year 1764.

And it is referred to Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ed- And the Titles of the said Estimates were read. ward Turner, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Pratt, The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Lord North, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. ShiJJ- -

ner, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Tunier, Mr.

4 Geo. Ill

240 Februarii. '877

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s

Colony of Novti Scotia, for the Year 1764.

To the Salaries of the Chief Justice, Secretary, Treasurer, and other Civil Officers established in the Colony, and for contingent Expences attending the Public Offices Taan additional Salary to the Governor of the Province ..

, To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -To the Expence of an Orphan House - -

'To the Salaries of the Magistrates and other Civil Officers eliabliffied at and for

contingent1 Expences attending the Settlement there -

To the Seamens Wages, Stores, Provisions, and Repairs of a Pilot Schooner in the Service of the Province - -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

£ S- . 2,641 5 —

500 -

200 --- —

384 1 ti

575 8 —

203-----

1,200 — —

5>7°3 14

An.ESTI MATE of the Civivil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, -and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th June 1763, to 24th June 1764.

s. d.

To the Salary of the Governor and other Officers and Magistrates established in the Colony -To an Allowance to a Minister of the Church of England, established at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburg and A cion To the Balance of Salary due to the late Agent, from the 25th of June to the 25th of October 1763 ——

To the Salary of the Agent, from 4th November 1763, to the 25th June 1764 To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands - -

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the to Fees paid upon Monies re-

ceived at His Majesty’s Exchequer, and other contingent Expences To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for purchasing from the Growers, the Balls or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it

2,120-----

116 13 4

128 15 4

50-----

5°o-----

1,000 — — -

4,031 8 8

A

An ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of and other inci-

dental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1763, to 24th of June 1764.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary'and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Surveyor of Lands -

To an Allowance to an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobille -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £.25. each -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To a Bounty for the Encouragement of the culture of Silk, Vines, and other Articles of beneficial Produce ——

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -

£ 1

1,200 — __

500 — _ 150 —

1^0 — ___

i«-_ 120 — ___

3° " —

200 —

100 —

100 — ___

-5° "* __

1,000 —

500-----

1,500-----

5,700-----

Vet. 29.

34* Februarii

A. 1764.

878

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the same from the 24th of June 1763, to the 24th of June 1764.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

' To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - -

To an Allowance for an Atfistant -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Minister at St. Augustine -

To a Minister at St.Mark's - -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at 25 each -To an Allowance for unforseen contingent Expence -

To an Allowance for the Encouragement of Culture of Silk, Vines, and other Articles of beneficial Produce ——

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper AlTortment of Goods, for Frefents to the Indians -

£ * d. 1,200 — —

500-----

150-----

150 — —

100-----

120-----

30-----

200 — — 100 — —

100 — —

50-----

1,000-----.

500-----

1,500-----

5,700-----

T

iff*

In

St:

ill.

In

k

fi

b

Hi

An ESTIMATE of the Expence attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in

for the Year 1764.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To Two Assistant Surveyors to be employed in the general Survey, at 7 s. per Day each To One Draftfinan, at 5*. per Day - -

To an additional Pay of is. Sd. per Day to One Serjeant, ir. per Day to One Corporal, and 6 d. per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains -To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, fife. -

To an Allowance for Two Setts of proper Instruments for the Surveyor of the Northern District. -

To the like Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District, the Instruments of Survey excepted -

C- s- d-

100-----

254 JO -

91 5-

155 2 ~ 100-----

416 15 —

700 17 —

1,818 9 —

idjo

C;

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Privilege; Complaint being made to the House, That the

counterfeiting Hand-writing of several of the Members of this House had been counterfeited upon the Covers for several Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Poll age;

Several of the said Covers frere produced by the said

Members, which they declared to be not of their, the said Members, Hand-writing.

And the House being informed, that a Person attended at the Door, who could prove that William Edwards, otherwise William Edzvards Moreing, had counterfeited the Names of the said Members upon the said Covers;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

And

Tallow

imported from Ireland.

Stainion in the Hole Inclosure.

Nedham’s Agreement with the Foundling Hospital.

Adjournment.

Land Carriage of Fife.

4 Geo. III. 34° Februarii.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed. That the said William Edward>, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, is now a Prisoner in His Majesty’s Gaol of but may

probably soon bediicharged from such Confinement;

Ordered, That the said William otherwise

William Edioards Moreing, do (land committed Prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaol of; and that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Keeper of His Majesty’s Gaol of Neiogate do bring the said William, Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, to the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next, to beexamined touching

the Matter of the said Complaint; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Keith do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. JoJkua Stockwell do attend this

House, at the same Time.

A Message from the Lords, I>y Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greal'e, from Ireland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carry inginto Execution an Agreement between the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert Nedham, Esquire, deceased, rela-

ting to an Estate in the Island of Jamaica, devised by the Will of Henry Nedham, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then he Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

A Petition of John Blake, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the IIouf<»;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner drew up a Plan for the better supplying this Metropolis with plenty offifli by Land Carriage; and accordingly an Act passed in 1762 for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protest and encourage Fishermen; and that several of the Nobility, Gentry, and others, associated for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce, having advanced the Petitioner a Sum of £. 2000 to enable him to prove the

Practicability of carrying the said Plan into Execution; the Petitioner accordingly applied himself, with great Assiduity, to effect the fame, and moreover at his own Risque, advanced a further Sum of £. 1500, with which JointCapital he brought upwards of Eighty-nine Tons Weight of frefti Fish to the London Market by Land Carriage, from distant Parts of the Sea Coasts, between the 16th Day of May 1 762, and the 31st Day

ber following, both Days inclusive; and that, notwithstanding the many Difficulties the Petitioner had to encounter in his Attempt to ani’wer the Intentions of the Legislature in passing the said Act, he hath continued to prosecute the said Undertaking with unremitting Ash-

Vol. 29.

duity, at the further Risque of his own private Fortune; and that he humbly conceives, that the further Prosecution of the said Plan may lliew the Means of extending it to the furnishing several interior Parts of the Kingdom with Fish, in like Manner as the Metropolis is now supplied; and that the Consequence of this muff, in Time, be a considerable Increase in the Number of Fishing Vessels on every Part of our Sea Coasts, and of a Species of Industry which will raise an additional Nursery of Mariners for His Majesty’s Service in Time of imminent Danger or Invasion; and that notwithstanding the aforesaid generous Assistance of £. 2000 and the £.1500 advanced by the Petitioner, he finds the said Monies insufficient effectually to answer the good and great Purposes intended thereby; and therefore hopes, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Assistance as the Nature and Importance of this Undertaking shall appear to them to require anddeferve.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon the 18th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Effectfi of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cit ies of London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Filliemien; and to consider of proper Methods for the further supplying the said£ities of London and Westminster with Fish, at moderate Rates; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

Resolved, " That the Cities of London and Westminster " have, since the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the " Cities of London and Westminster with Fish, and to " reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to " protest and encourage Fishermen, been better, and in " a much larger Degree, than before the passing of " the said Act, supplied with Sea Fish by Land Carriage;

" and that the late exorbitant Price of many Sorts of " Sea Fish hath thereby been considerably reduced; and " the Cities of London and Wcfiminferhave been supplied with many Sorts of SeaFilh, not usually brought " there."

" Resolved, That the good Effects which the said Act " hath produced, have been owing to the laudable and " indefatigable Prosecution of the Plan or Scheme " concerted by John Blake, Esquire, for the better supplyine the Cities of London and with Sea

" Fith, by Land Carriage; and which hath, in Part, been " executed by him, notwithstanding the many Diificulties he met with in such the Execution thereof."

" Resolveed, That some Assistance ought to be allowed " or granted to the said John Blake, to encourage and " enable him further and effectually to carry into Execution the said Plan or Scheme, concerted by him, for " the better supplying the Cities, of and Westminster with Sea Fith, at moderate Rates."

Ordered, That the said Petition and Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Acc08n(1. count of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchan- import* and -dize, exported from and imported to Great Britain, Export*, from Christmas 1747 to Christmas 1748, and from mas 1761 to Chnfmas 1762; distinguishing each Year and each Place.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee of Privilege* and Elections.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Marine ioO whole Forces

Militia

Certificaut.

J h wnyambald Drainage.

<* i

Dtlaune’s

Will.

880

24° — -29°

A. 1764

whole House, to whem the Rill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Stephens accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, and for the Town of Cambridge, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the Proceedings of the Justices of the Peace for the said County and Town, in Consequence of all Certificates made out by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the said County, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, pursuant to the Directions of the Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England i whereby it is directed, that the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiration of each Year, in every County where the Militia shall not have been raised, shall certify the same in Writing to the Justices of the Peace; and also, the Amount of the several Sums of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Conjlab Esquire, JohnIIolme,

Clerk, and Francis Carr/Ye, Gentleman, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed of the Purport of the Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township and Parish of Thorngum-bald, in the County of York; and are apprehensive, that if the fame, as now drawn, should pass into a Law, it may be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, who are Owners of divers Lands and Tenements adjoining to the said Township and Parish, which may be greatly damaged thereby: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to be heard by their Counsel, against the passing of the said Bill, at such time as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the . same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling Two Shares in RunclaghHouse, Gardens, and Premisses, late the

Eft ate of James Dtlaune, deceased, in John Ferret and Hubert Edmeston, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the

Will of the said James Delauue, was committed, be now

received.

Mr. James Harris accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendmentswhich the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wit h the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Colonel IloMr. , Mr. NonhC* George Onslow, M r. Shelley, M r. Colonel Mont-

gomery.Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Lord

George Cavendish, Lord John Sir Ant hum)

Abdy, Mr. lloone, Sir Maf these be ad-

ded to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29* Februarii \

Anno 4* Georgii IIl,a Regis, 1764. Prayers.

(~\R D ERE D, That Lord George Cavendish, General Smrn

A'Court, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Tuumjhend, '"*"* Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Peachy, Sir Francis Blake Delaval, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Hoiham, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Zachary Fonereau, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Philip Fonereau, Lord Pollington, Mr. Stephens, Sir William Codrington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs lying and being in the Parishes, Townllipis, Hamlets, Lordships, Precin6ls, aiKlTerritoriesof6’«f/c«,

Swine, Benningliolme, Benninghobne Grange, and Fair-holme. North Skirlaugh, Row IonArnold, Lang Riston,

Leven, Heigholme, and Ilallytreeho, Brandes Burton and Burfall, EJke, Tickton, WRoutli, Meaux, and

Waghen, otherwise Waion in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Alherston, in the County of Warwick, Inland all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds within the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Mr. Barrow,

Lord Strange, Mr. Buller, Lord Mr.

gent, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Price, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

Kynajlcn, Mr. Gran, Mr. Harvey, Lord Orwell, Mr. Hervey, Sir John Gbinne, Mr. Hitt, Colonel Mr. Townshend, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr.

Lord Pollingtoyi, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dempster, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lord Grey, Sir

Anthony Abdy , and all t lie Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Warkworthpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen W«n!l£ by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other ®ficC Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

4 Geo. III. 290 Februarii.

88 r

Callington An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads. Roads leading from Ca,in the County of \ ivall, was read the Third Time. r Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callingtonin the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

jManchester A Bill to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College of Christ, in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said College, was read a Second

Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord

k Strange, Sir Roger NeSir John Mr.

t Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Buller, Sir

tt daunt, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman

i: Bedford, Sir George S, M r. Shiftier, Colonel Inoin,

Mr. Montagu, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Norris, Lord Fife, c Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bootle, Mr

; Lord Midleton, Mr. SMr. Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr Lord Harry Pmclett, M r. Bacon, Sir Turner,

’ Mr. Toxvnjhend, Lord Wark worth, Mr. Molyneux, Sir

Matthew Fetherstoneliaugh, Mr. Mr. Dyfun, Mr.

lVilbraham, Sir John BarrinM Sir John

Wynne, Mr. Grant, Mr. And all the \lem*

bers who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham', Northumberland, Cumberland, and land: And they are to meet this, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rochdale A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and . to Powers of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign Road^ hic late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Sandys, Mr Gore, Mr. Bull, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dcnipfer, Mr. Fitzh Lord Mr. Montagu. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Town field.Sir John Glynne, Mr. Rigby, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Buller, M Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Lord Midleton,

Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Cq/Mr. Burton, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Colonel Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Fife, Mr. Sir

A nth any Abdy ;and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham,

berland, Cumberland, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Derby Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to

Roads. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads

from the Well End of a Street in the Town of Derby, called the Bridge Gate, over the River Erxcq/h, in the County of Derby, and from thence, through

to (In Town of Mansfield, in the county of ;

and from Eajhvood aforesaid, to the West End of the Town of Nulthall, in the said County of Nottingham; was committed; That the Committee had examined . the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered . the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, 'I hat the said Bill be re-committed.

Vol. a9.

Mr. Cholmleypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing anti widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savile, Sir Roger Mr. Nugent,

Colonel Irwin, Mr. Barrow, General Tcncn/hend, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Baynlun, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. PreJ'cot, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller, Lord Digby, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Buller, Lord fort, Mr. Stephens, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Powell, Lord Midleton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir jarrit Smith, Mr. Bull, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr; Burton, Lord Grey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Thoroton, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Howe, Mr. Lord

Bertie, Mr. Builer, Lord Strange, Mr. Pye, Mr. Corne-wall, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Fife, Mr. WilJ'on, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Lloyd, General Mr. Whit-

worth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wefi-moreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Norris presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been, by several other Acts, continued till the Twelfth Day of May 1765; and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye,. in the County of and for

more effectually completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of and for light-

ing the Streets of the said City; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bar-roxv, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Roger Mr. Fidler.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prefcot, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Buller,. Colonel Invin, Mr. Burrell, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Stf-pliens. Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Abdy,

Mr. Forrrjler, Mr. CornewaU, Mr. Hotham, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Orwell, Mr. Toionshend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Molyneux, Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Sharpei Sir Edmund IJharn, Mr. icorth. Lord Warkworth, Sir Edioard Bayntun, Lord Howe, Sir Edward Turner, Sir and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

..... A Bill

Ledger*

All by Inclosure.

Whitby

Road*.

Whitby

Streets.

Rye

Harbour.

Gloucrfter

Poor.

Bank of England,

Wham’l Agreement with the Foundling Hospital.

Plunkett’s

fiftate*.

Spalding High Bridge Road.

88a

29° Februarii.

A. 1764.

A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase House6 and Ground, for opening a Passage for Carriages from to the

Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles MordaMr. afion.

Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, General Mr.

Burrell, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Stephens, Lord Fife, Mr. Plummer, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Shi fiver, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fit Mr. Gray, Mr. Buller, Mr. Edmonjione, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Glytme, Mr. Mr. Unjlow, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grant, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Mr.

Fonereau ;and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and County of M and all the Merchants of the House: And they-,fire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the.Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert Ncdham, Esquire, deceased, relating to an Ellate in the Island of devised by the Will of Henry NedJiam, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Time given to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, the Ellate of Arthur Plankett, Esquire, in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Pro-tellant Purchasers; and also by another Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, an Act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trulls vested in them in and by the said Act of Parliament made in the said 16th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; was read a Second Time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiff-ner, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harbord, Lord Warkworlh, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Mr. Stephens,

Mr. Lafceltes, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Buller, Lord Harry Rowlett, Mr. Krpiajton, Mr. Whately, Mr.

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fane, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Ilotham, Mr. Hervey, Sir William Baker, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Strange, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Parker, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Bunbury, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Fffe.x, Surrey, Kent, and; And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in ton; and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gofbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord

Brownloxc Bertie, Mr. Which cot, Lord Warkxorth, Mr,

Fitzlierbcrt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harbord, Sir William Baker, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Hot ham, Mr. Bojcawen, , Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Barrow, Sir William Beau-

15

D*

W

£0

ft

W*

champ Proflor, Mr. Kynaston, General Mr.

Shift her. Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Fuller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drax, Mr.

Ridley, Itord George Cavendish, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Buller, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Stephens, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Butler, General,

Conway, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Mr. lief.

Lord Orwell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bull: And all the Members wl>o serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Northampton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Committee or Committees fertile Time being, of the Ellate of John Newport. Esquire, a Lunatic, to make I.cases of his Ellate during his Lunacy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Harbord, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Alderman Bedford,

Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Howe, Mp. Buller, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Butler, Lord Strange, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Matthew Fetherfonehaugh, Mr. , Mr. Gray,

Mr. Shuttleicorth, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Fuller,

Lord Midleton, Mr. Burrell, Mr Mr.

Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Toamjhcnd, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Southzvell; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Salop, Chester, and Stafford; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, as lies *tWR| within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Said Cleres, Mattishall Tuddenham, on the Part of North Tuddenham, and Bell-house Hall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Waites within the said Manors and Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Cleres, Mattishall Tuddenham on the Part of North Tuddenham, and Bell-house Hall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Wastes within the said Manors and Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open BilHta I ® Fields and Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in Ir'c^ f 1 the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in the County of Leicester,

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for divesting out of the Crown, and to vest in ptipiift Gerald Fitzgerald of Raihrone, in the County of Meath, eSjb. in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Morton, Lord Warkworth, Mr Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dempster, Mr. herbert, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Harvey, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Waucha Mr. Pratt, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Butler, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Ddaune’s

WilL

l!oodon

Waterworks.

Horfhani

Roads,

Samfofd

Poor.

4 Geo. III. 290 Februar883

JVilhraham Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Lord Harry Mr.

Shiftier, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Banbury, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Cave, Mr.

Laurence, Mr. Wallet", and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrofi'ed Bill for veiling Two Shares in Houses, Gardens, and Premises, late the Ef'tate of James Delattne, deceased, in John Ferret and Robert Edmeston, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the will of the said James Delaune, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting Two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premises, late the Ellate of deceased, in John Ferret and Robert Edmejton, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from fitch Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of 1,he said James

Ordered, That Mr. James Harris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the London Bridge Water Works, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find by the Votes of the House, that the Trustees appointed by Act of Parliament to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, have applied by Petition to the House for a further Sum of Money for carrying on and perfecting the Purposes intended by the said Act; and representing to the House, that by taking down the Houses upon the said Bridge, which were supplied with Water by the Petitioners’ Works, the Petitioners are deprived of the annual Income of One Hundred Pounds; and that by taking away One of the Piers, in order to turn Two Arches of the said Bridge into One, near the Centre, where the Current is most powerful, the Resolutions of the Petitioners’Water Wheels were decreased to more than One Half; which Defect the Petitioners were obliged to remedy, by working a Fire Engine, at a great Expence, in Order to supply their Tenants with Water; and was also the Occasion of their losing to the amount of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and upwards: And therefore pray-, ing the House to take the great Loss and Damage, incurred by the Petitioners, into Consideration; and that Satisfaction may be made to them for the fame, out of any further Grant to be made to the said Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hor/hain, in the County of Si/Jfex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinjfead, A Bramber, and Breeding, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 25.

be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thor0ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 2d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Town of Hull-, and for preventing Annoyances therein; was read. Then,

Mr. Carlton Monckton being examined, said. That the Rate allowed by the Act to be collected, being Eight Pence in the Pound, according to the Land Tax, amounts only to £.§1. 13 s.4 or thereabouts; which Sum is insufficient for executing the Purposes of the Act.

Mr. John Huntingdon said, That an Experiment had been tried of the Expence of lighting the said Town, by a voluntary Subscription, which amounted to £. 134. and which was found insufficient; and that it would require £. 150. to light the said Town effectually, for One Year.

That it would coll £. 100. a Year more to clean the Streets of the said Town; and that the said Acts have never been executed, from the Deficiency of the Sum rated for the Purposes of the Act.

That there is no Provision made by the Act, for a proper Place to lay the Soil in.

Mr. Monckton added. That it would render the Act more effectual, if certain Powers were taken out of the Corporation, and vested in the Inhabitants at large.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Regn of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-, and for preventing Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Charles Lord

Robert Manners, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and Commonable Places of Shar'nford, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Rice, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr, Whichcot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Tempest, Lord Grey, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hanbury. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thyme, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Mr. Brudencll, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonercau, Lord Strange,

Mr. Armfield Parker, Mr. Edmonfionc, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Holt, Mr. Btiller, Mr. Milles, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Harris-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Northampton, Wartpick, Lincoln, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Shultleworthreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads 10 P front

Kingston upon Hull Streets.

Sharnford

Inclosure.

Sherbrooke,

See.

Roads.

884 a90 Febructrii. , A. 1764.

from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and in the

Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of S'ockfrort, in (lie County of Chester, to in the?

County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Arils mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Frith, and to Sjnirroti)Fit Gate; and from Bridge to the

Westefn End of Lxmgside in the County of Che/lei‘; ivas cortiniitted; That the Committee had ex* arnined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; uhlrih they had directed him to report to the Hotife; arid lid read the Report in his Place; and1 afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmentf, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by die Hotrfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be irigrofled.

Warthaby Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Coriimitfee;

Inclosure. to' Whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coinmon Tieldd of Wa'rtnaby, in the County of Lticester, and all the Lari'ris and Grounds within the faint Fields, Was committed*. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found' the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had givbn their Conferit1 to the Bill, to the Satifefarilioivof the Corrirriit'tee; and that the Chthmittee had gOne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which' they had directed him to report ib the House; dnd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at th^ Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnrie read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill, With the Arh£rtdmetrts, be ingrafted.

West Notice b’eing taken, that ili$ Majesty’s Inter eft is Haddon concerned in the BiTf for dividing and inclosing the lndofure. Opell j(n(i Coriimon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Wdfte Ground, in the Manor and Parish bt in

the County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon the 16th Day of January last, read the Fifft Time, and ordered to be rbad a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said BiH, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

flharnford NoticC being takferi, that His Majesty’s Irrterest ii Wlolure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and Commonable Places of Sharnford, in the County of Leicester; Which Bill was this Day read a Second Time and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Hbufo, that His Majesty having bteen informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Cohfent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House niay do therein as they Hia.ll think ftt.

a id boron eh' ^ot'ce being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is lndofure. fcorie'erned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, arid inclosing the Open Fields Arid Paftupe Grounds in the Lordship of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York; which Bril was, upon the 14th Day of this Instant February, read a Second Tiriie and committed;

Mf. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Kin«#n City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, from the gj". Votes of the House, that the Mayor and Corporation w of Beverley, and others, have petitioned the House for a Bill for repairing the Road between Beverley aforesaid, and the City of York; and that at a Place called Grimfion Smithy, within a Mile and an Half of the said City', there are Two Roads branching out of the said Road to Bewrley, the One called Stamford Bridge, and the' other the Elvington Road; and that the Number

of Persons travelling those Two Roads, is nearly in Proportion as Four to One, to the Number of those who travel the Beverley Road; and that the greatest Part of the Corn arid other Provisions brought to the Markets of thisCity, come to the ferae by the Stamford Bridge arid- Elvingfoni Roads; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, in same frioh Bill should pass into an Act, the Trustees therein to be named would order One or shore Turnpike Gate or Gates to be placed on the said Road, at or near Grimfion Smithy aforesaid, for collect-

ing Tollis, not only from Persons travelling I he Beverley Road, but also from Persons travelling the Stamford Bridge and Elvington Roads, who could not receive any Benefit front the intended Turnpike Road, not travelling above a Mile atxf ari Half on the same to the City of York, but would lie exceedingly hurt honed and oppressed thereby, arid consequently woukt lie induced to carry their Corn and other Commodities to other Markets, arid not to bring them to the City of York; Whereby Provisions in the said City would be rendered mrich cfearer, the Tolls of the said City impaired, and dire whole City in general, but particularly the Poor, greatly afferifed: Arid therefore praying, That in same the said Bill should pase into an Act, a Clanfe may be insertdd therein, that no Turnpike Gate shall beerested upon the said Road, nearer to the City of York aforesaid than Kexby Bridge, being about Five Miles distant froth the feme; and that the Petitioners may be heard1 by their Cotrnfel and Agents, against the said Bill, if the House shall fb think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the 'table.

The House being informed, that Mr. To?fikyns, from Atww; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Wluls Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fma imported into England from North America, from Chrifi-mas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year;

with the Amount of the Duty paid on the Importation thereof: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Finn imported into England from Holland, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year; with the Amount of the Duty paid on the Importation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee; to whom the Petition of several of the Merchants of New England and London, trading to England, is referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Major reported from the Committee, to Whom whfc the Petition of the Merchants, and others his Ma-> Fithoy. jessy’sBritish Subjects, concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred. That the Committee had examined the

Matter

﻿4 Gtio. Ill, 29° Februafiu 885

Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and amounting t<5 21,33! Tonfe, were Likewise fitted outjf had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; so that fupnoling each Ship to carry Seven Meu to a and he Bead the Report in his Place; and afterwards Boat; and: One Boat to every 50 Tons Burthen, which delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: WhereAhe same by Law they are obliged to do, before they can receive was read; and is as followetii; viz. the Bounty, there mult have been near 3,000Seamen A State of the Fads contained in the said Petition, employed in each of those Years in that Filliery; and is as follows. in those Years 3.88 Whales were caught: But it ap-

By an Act of the 6th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, peared, that during the Wat* the said Trade had been for ttee further Encouragement of the \V hale Fishery, greatly chectted.

after a Recital of the Provision made by Two former And it appeared to your Committee, from the Evi-Acts^passed in the iztlvYear of the Reigtr of his Majesty deuce of Mr. 'Henry Bird and Mr. Robert Bmt'nelU Ring' GtVrge the First, and the Fifth Year of his late that not near the N timber of Foreign Seamen are now Majesty’s Reign, that the Whale Finns, Oil, and Btub- employed' in the Trade as formerly were, and that they ber, taken in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, expected in a very few Years to have an entire Crew and the adjacent Seas, in British Ships, and imported of British on board the Greenland Ships, as many Ap-by Bril Subjects, lirould be free of Cuflonffs, on the prentices are now yearly trained up in that Brandi; Conditions1 therein mentioned; and after a Recital, that and that) the different Utensils supplied for the Purpose the said' Encouragements had been, by many Years of Fillting (which formerly were all purchased abroad} Experience, found infofficieftt for the regaining of this are now altogether made at or London;

beneficial Trade, which was then in great Danger of and they produced an Account of a Ship, British built^ being utterly loft; and that large Quantities of Oil properly fitted out for the Filliery, and which had been gnd Whale Finns-were, at a great Expence, bought of built Nine Years, whereby it appeared, that the Cost of Foreigners, andannualty imported-into this Kingdom; such a Ship would be £.4,331 igs. and that they did it is enacted, tfliat on the Conditions in the said Act imagine a Ship could not befitted out cheaper for that mentioned, the’ Commissionfirs of the Costoms in Eng- Service; and that many of her Materials could not be band or Scotland respectively should, on Demand, cause ufed1 in- any other Branch of Trade.

Payment to be made to the Mailer or Owners of every And being further examined on this Head, they laid. Ship* enJployedl in the said Fishery, according to the That the eonstant annual Expence of fitting out for a Drredious of the said Act, or to his or their Assigns, Greenland Voyage would be 1,300, and if a Ship

by the Receiver General of the Customs, for that Part met with no Success in catching of Fife, the Lois Of Great Britain from whence the Ship departed, the would be (even with the Bounty) near £. 700 upon Smn-of 2 or. par Ton, according to the Admea-fupe- each Voyage, to the Proprietors of a Ship of 300 merit of fikch Ship, duly certified, as in the said Act is Tons, and so in Proportion; and upon being examined directed; and by an Act made in the Thirteenth to the Value of a Whale, they said it was worth now Year of his late Majesty, a further Bounty of 10 s. per in general about 300.

Ton was granted, for aH Ships employed in the Whale Your Committee having proceeded to inquire into Fiftiery, dirring the then present War. the Price of Whale Bone, and Oil; have received

And by an Act, made in the 22d Year of his said Evidence from Mr. Bird, that the Price of Whale fete Majesty’s Reign, for the further Encouragement Bone in the Year 1733, was a Ton, and is

and enlargement of the Whale Fishery, the said Acts, now reduced to 250 a Ton. That the Price of Oil made in the 5th, 6fh, and 13th Years of his late Ma- was some Years ago £. 20 a Ton, and is now sold at jesty’s Reign, were farther continued to the a 5th Day£.16 a Ton, and that tire Consumption of that Com-of December 1757; and by the same Act, over and modity is greatly increased, and several Ions have been above the Allowance of 20 s.a Ton, according to the exported to Spain and Hamburgh-, and that formerly* Admeasurement of the Ship, by the said last mentioned this Market was supplied with WhaleOil from Holland: Ad granted, an additional Bounty was granted npoa and upon looking into the Accounts referred to your every Ship, payable in like Manner as in the said Adr Committee, they find, that from the Year 175/5 to the is directed. Year x 763, only 11 Tons, 3 I logfiieads, and 26 Gallons,

And by another Act, niade in the 28th Year of his were for those Eight Years imported into Great Bri-feid late Majesty, after reciting that several Acts bad tain, from Holland.

been made for the Encouragement of his Majesty ’* For the further Satisfaction of the House, your Com*

Subjects, to carry on and improve the Whale Fishery, mittee have thought fit to annex the Account, delivered

which by the Bounties given had gradually increased, in by Mr. Bird, of the Cost attending the Out-fit for

and would Hill further increase, to the great Advan- a Greenland Voyage, to this Report.

tage of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom;'

the said several Acts herein before mentioned wero

continued, and atfo the said additional Bountyynnto the

25th Day of December 1764, and to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament.

It appeared to your Committee, from the several Accounts annually presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, that a great Increase had been made in the said Trade, from the Time of granting the lall Bounty, until the breaking out of the last War; for that in the Year 1755 there were Sixty-six Ships, amounting to 21,29® Tons, fitted out for this Fishery; and in the Year 1756, Sixty-seven Ships,

VoL 29.

A*

Wlide Fiflfeyn ‘

886

49® Februa

A, 1764.

An ACCOUNT of the Out-fit of the Ship Britain, James Wilson, Commander, on her First Voyage to

Greenland, British built, 9 Years Old, Burthen 344 Tons.

Jt

Elias Bird to For the first Cost of the Ship to £. s. </. 2,436

Elias Bird and Company - - For doubling and fortifying the Ship - 5 -

Jof. Campbell -William Smith - - - Malt-maker - - 16 10 —

- Joiner - 24 13 —

Haniffon and Bagshaw m - 66 i —

John Haycraft - m - Block-maker - - . 20 11 —

William Banks - - - Cheesemonger - - - 27 11 —

George Wilson - - - Cooper - - 274

Thomas Jarman - - Compass-maker - to 6.8-

Potter Ilajkins - - Rope-maker - - - - to 245 2 —

Mefs" Kentrick - - Painters - - - 8 18 -

John Prefivick - - - Sail-maker 41 2 —

Hobday Winter - - Boat Builder ... - m 82 2 —

William Johnson - Brazier - 14 15 —

Robert Hoare - - - Leather-feller - - 2 c —

Mefl" Pearson and Kilbinton m Butchers - j 106 11 —

Thomas Curteis - Brewer - 46 18 —

Joseph Curteis - - - Baker - - _ A 72 I —

Shirlet/ Wcolmer - - Fiihmonger - - to 1 1 4 10 —

Jof. Uinxman- - Grocer - - o 5 —

Shadrech Lester - - - Oar-maker - j j IQ I —

John Caley - - Apothecary - . to 10 10 —

Henry Bird - - Sundries from Birmingham - 24 4 —

Brackston and Newton - - Distillers - 14 18 —

Richard Bennett - - Broom-maker

Arthur Adatns - - Lighterman - - -to 1 JO -

Paid the Ship’s Company - - Their River Pay and Hand Money, Sic. 243 16 —

Henry Bird - His Disbursem'1 sundry Filliing Stores, Braziery, Sic. 105 12 —

4.331 J9 *"

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-in" next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Account*; Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Duties on House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Beer and Ale. Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1764, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by an Act 1 Georgii 3. for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761; after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time.

1

Militia Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Pay and an Fftimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing Clothing. of t^e Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of a Captain, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Jenkinson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr Bagot, General Tow Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger

Newdigate, Mr. Rice, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Lord Mr.

Mr. Edmon/lone, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Southwell, Sir Richard Warwick BampfMr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Huffy, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Derr.pjicr, Mr. Martin, Lord Grey, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pryce, Sir Mr Mr.

One aid, Mr. Harbor'd, Lord Oncell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Fife, Mr. Hume, Sir Edward Dering, Mr Pitt,

Lord Howe, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Wilhra-ham Bootle, Lord Barrington, Mr. Duicdefuell, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. WilJ'on, Mr. Grant, General A' Court, Mr. Ward, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Eliot, Mr. Onjloio, General Conway, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Warkworlh: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Bsc's concerned in the . Bill for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, ! from Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling other Tythes in Lieu thereof; which Bill was, upon the 24th Day of this Instant Februarii, read a Second Time and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bili for enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, upon Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain, and for altering the Composition authorized to be made in respect of such Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Gal-Ions of Rum imported, from Midsummer 1763 to Ckrijt- mas 1763, be laid before this House.

‘ 5 ‘ Ordered,

j

Accounts;

Kun exporrcd;

Br'tifti

Spirits.

Privilege i Anrft of a Member’s Servant.

Marine

Forces.

clandestine

Marriages.

Way*

and

Means.

V; Supply.

V '

r rf.

P>,

' v

\'l

If

r|V

Ti.

V;

4 Geo. III. 290 Februarii.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum exported, from Midfu 1763 to 1763, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Gallons-of Spirits, of the Manufacture o exported

sinceChrijtnuis 1756; distiuguilhingeach Year; belaid before this House.

Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Joseph Tiuvaites, a menial Servant of the Right honourable Ilennj Biljbn a

Member of this House, was, on or about the 25th Day of January lull, arrested by Benjamin Biggs, Charles Stuart, and Morgan Basset, for a fictitious Debt, in the House of the said Member; where they behaved in a moil outrageous and indecent Manner;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on SIkwc.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of an A&, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clan* delline Marriages;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meatls fof raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rifolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvp itself into a Committee of the whole House, jto consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated the 5th Day of -

1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, ltated the 10th Day of October 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinaries, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between the loth February 1763, and the 2 5th December following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1764,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the W idows of such reduced Officers of llis Majesty’s Laud Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1764; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Efinblifitment of His Majesty’s Colony of and other

incidental Expences attending the fame, from 2 4th June

Vol. 29.

— 10 Mar Hi. 887

1763, to 24th June 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1763 to the 24th of June 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East , and

other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1763 to the 24th of Ju7ie i 764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attend* ing General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whately atfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy i° dieMartii

Anno 4* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1764.

R A Y£ R S.

MR. Sergifon reported from the Committee, to Mailing whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of 8tJeet* an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for pe*^ot!|*c>> repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in , to the Road leading from the North End of , to the Spital Barn in Lewes aforesaid, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, 8t* Clement, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the

10 Q Poor, wftch

V

888 to Martii. -^.1764.

SPoor, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the The House was moved, that the Petition of the fe- Coattcma

Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, was veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

read a Second Time. on the Behalf of themselves, and all other industrious

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Coal Heavers, employed in the unloading Ships and - Lord Warkworth, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, which

Sharpe, Lord Percivdl, Mr. Parker, Sir John Philipps, was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of Mr. Robinson, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Blackstone, Lord January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table,

George Cavendish, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sliijp- might be again read.

net. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Champion, Mr. Burrell, Sir And the same being read accordingly;1

John Turner, Mr. Buller, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fitzherbert, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Thomas ToionJhend, Mr. Waller, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Mr. Hobart, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Brand, Sir Wil-amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as Ham Baker, Mr. Nugent, Si r George Yonge, Mr. Fone- it shall appear to them, to the House; reau, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on, Mr. Dow- And it is referred to Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Kynnfian, Sir

dtjicell, Mr. Bull, Lord Midleton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Edmund Thomas, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Up- Serjeant Heroin, Sir Roger Mr. Parker, Sir

ton, Mr. Trevanism, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Gray, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

George Savile, Mr. Cholmley, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Glover, Blackstone, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Barrow, Lord Mr. Coventry, Mr. Che/ioynd, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle Warkworth, Mr. Rigby, Sir William Beauchamp PrcBor, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Mr. Martin, Sir John Mr. Buller, Mr. Calvert,

Middlesex, Ejj'cx, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And Mr, Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Lord

-they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Foley, Mr. in the Speaker’s Chamber. pion, Mr. Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot,

Mr. Parker, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Town-

Te^kelbury Sir William Codrington, presented to the House, ac- Jhend, Sir Edmund Mr. Sir

Roa<*- cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and daunt, Mr. Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Powers of so much of an Act of the 29th Year of the cot. Lord Orwell, Mr. Gray, Colonel Borgoyne, Mr.

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening Dyson, Sir Rennet Garrard, Mr. and all the

.the several Roads therein described, leading from the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s (relates to the First Distr'rft of the Roads therein men- Chamber; and havePower to fend for Perfobs, Papers, tioned; and for amending the Road from a Place called and Records.

Comb Hill, to a Bridge at or near Norton Mill, being Part of the Road from Texokesbury to the City of An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act e<1

Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the for annexing the Rectory of East in the Lockup

First Time. County of Berks, to the Office of Warden' of the Col-

Refolized, That the Bill be read a Second Time. -lege of The Souls of all faithful'People deceased, of0.t-

. ford, was read a Second Time,

privilege; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger C°Fra*nks.U S Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to bring Sir George Yonge, Mr. Gray, Mr.

.. William Edwards, other wise William Edwards Moreing, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Shffner, Sir Charles Motto the Bar of this House, this Day. daunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Burrell, Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

St.Margaret’s, Lord George Sutton reported from the Committee, to bury, Mr. Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Waller, Mr. '

ld2feCr'whom the for dividing and inclosing several Com- Hobart, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord c e‘ mon and Open Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Mr. Reynolds, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Rigby, Jtlr.

Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the Mr. Stevens, Lord Strange, Mr. Bagot, Sir County of Leicester, was committed, That the Com- Turner, Mr, Ryder, Sir James DaJhwoud'Mr. Fonereau, mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- Alderman Bedford, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wol-cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- ter Wagslaffe Mr. Foley, Sir George Savile, Me.

faction of the Committee; except some few of the Southwell, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lord Grey,

Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Drake, Borough of Leicester, who have no Lands in the said Lord Barrington, Mr. Dowdefzoell, Sir John St.

Fields, but are only intitled to a Right of Common and all the Members who serve for the Counties of from the End of Harvest to the 1 ith of December, the Oxford, Warwick, Berks, Northampton, Bucks, and greatest Part of whom had signed their Consent; and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at that all the Parties had been applied to, and no Person Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill;

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Suko and made several Amendments thereunto; which they the Bill for establishing and confirming the Inclosure had directed him to report to the House; and he read and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoates, in the Parish the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the of , in the County of York; and for other Pur-

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: poses; was committed, That the Committee had

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of House. the Committee; and that the Committee had gone

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging through the Bill, and made several Amendments the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, to take an Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill/ with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

4 Geo. III.

1° Martii.

88p

orkfop

to

ttcrcllffc

Road.

Brancepeth

loclotuxc.

rc x \i

Lambeth

and

hicwington

h-

v;r

t/

tsf

.4

V.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Cholmleu reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Workfoji, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anflon, Handsworth and

Da mall, to the North Ealt End of in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Baw/ryto Sheffield, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Crook and , with-

in the Parish of Braneepeth, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

liefdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr:

Mr. Cholm lei/, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. , Sir

Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wft, Mr. Barroxo, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Norris, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Martin, Sir William Codring ton, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Kdmonstone, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Parker, I-ord Orwell, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Lord Midleton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Which-

co', Mr. Shiffner, Ixml Grey, Air Staunton, Sir George

Savile, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gray, Sir William Meredith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of fill) hntn, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westm or eland, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parities of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bernwndjey, in the County of Surrey, and Lezci/ham, in the County of Kent; and of several

Inhabitants of the Borough of Souhwark, and Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove, the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Middlemarsh and Mr. Richard Some/fall being severally examined, said, That there is a Lane leading from a Place, near the Turnpike, at Comer,

to Lambeth, commonly called Lambeth Marsh Back Lane, which communicates at each End with the Roads directed to be repaired, and intended to be enlightened and watched by the said Act, and isabout Three hundred Yards in Length, and is very narrow and ruinous.

That the said Lane is a Retreat for bad People; and that Robberies have been committed therein at Noon Dav.

That if Provision was made for repairing, widening, enlightening, and watchitig the said Lane, it would be Yol. 29

a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of Southwark, and Lambeth.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Nczvington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and

Lewisham, in the County of K; and for lighting and watching the said Roads; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for repairing, widening, and watching the Lane leading from a Place near the Turnpike, at Symon's Coto Lambeth.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee©, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pallure Grounds within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whiclicot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty Ling George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing An* noyances therein: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce within the last Fifteen Years, of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and EqftlaiulTrades; and for the better securing

the Plantation Trade; distinguishing each Year; as also of the Nett Produce of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing, and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, all Account of all Wines exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within the last Fifteen Years; distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Wine, with the Amount of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of all East India Goods (Tea, Drugs, and Prohibited Goods excepted) exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within thelaftFifteen Years; distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Goods, and the Duties paid, and and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Prohibited East India Goods exported to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within the last Fifteen

Years;

Skipfea

Indofafe*

Kifigffofl

upon Hull Streets*

Account; Greenland Trade*

Winea exported to America*

Saftldd* Goods exported to America.

Ditto. "

890

iu Martii.

A. 1764.

Year*; distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Goods, and the Duties paid thereon in each Year.

Account* t Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cambricks, Account of all Foreign Cambricks and French Lawns upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or expMtedto exported from England to His Majesty's Dominions in fold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and pre-Ancrica. America, within the lall Fifteen Years; distinguishing serving the Harbour,

George the Second, for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterlii

0>

the Quantity, the Duties paid, and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year.

Tea Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

ckared of the count of Tea cleared of the East India Company, from

SLEmI. the 5th °/ APril 1753 to the 5th Day of v 1763; distinguishing each Year; and also from the 5th Day of April 1763 to the 10th Day of follow-

ing; for Home Consumption, Ireland and America.

and repairing the Town House, and building a School and other Public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with Fresh Water, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to continue an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An

Thofngumbalt]

Drainage*

Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sir George Savilereported from the Committee, to Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of A!

whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township of Thorngumbald, in the County of York, was commit-

etl, That the Committee had considered the Petition of William Constable, Esquire, John Holme, Clerk, and Francis Carvilem Gentleman, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preferring the Harbour,

and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other Public Buildings thei e, and for supplying the said Town with Frefli W ater.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Dalrympls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sujex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West- Grinstead, Ashurst, Steyning, Bramber, and Breeding, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sujex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinstead, Ashurst, Bramber, and Breeding, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hotfc

lSWl of Half-Pay Officers, See.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final! Doswl Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncajier, in $wll Daj the County of York and for lighting the Streets, Lanes,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- and other Open Passages and Places within the said

suant to their Address to His Majesty.

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1764.

Mr. Secretary at War ulfo presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superanuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1764.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimate do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift and Estimate are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord George Sackville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 2f>t h Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingG’mgethe Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cougate and A rebel iff'Fort in Dover, through Folkejlone, to the Town of IIy thin the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejbkrd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dunbar An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, passed in the r*ro pennie* Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Scot*. IQ

Dover

to

Barham

Downs

Road.

Borough; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Icy, Sir George Savile, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Lord

Robert Bertie, Mr. Bo/cawen, Lord Harry Mr.

Bacon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Barr on', Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hunt, Lord Strange, Mr. Parker, Sir John Glipine, Mr. Bul/er, Lord Digby, Mi*. Sandys Sir Charles

Mordauvt, Mr. Sliel/ey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shijfher, Mr. Jl eft, Mr. Begot,

Mr. DoxvdtJicell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edmund Ijlmm,

Mr. Montagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Greij, Mr. Fuller, I/>rd George Sackvilte, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr.

Ryder, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Chetwynd. Mr. Hume, Mr. Gilbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, Parishioners, GM:| and Payers of the Poors Rates, of the Parish of Saint Mary de Crypt, in the City.of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, Parishioners, Tia and Payers of the Poors Rates, of the Parish of Saint Mary de Grace, in the City of Gloucester:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with Concern, have seen in the Votes of the House, a Petition, without the Consent of the Petitioners, from the Corporation of the Governors and Guardians of the Poor of the said City for a Bill to give the said Governors and Guardians

Power

Ik

Ctrl

4 Geo. III. i° Martii.

Militia v-crtificatc5,

a-

JI-i:

\r'

Supply.

Y'

fli*-

ifo'

ft*

to5

t-

Power to charge the several Par iffies and Precincts within the said City, with such Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for discharging a Debt of £.830. 8s. 8d. by them contracted; and for replacing such Sums of Money as they have expended out of certain Sums given by several charitable Persons to the said Corporation; and also, with such Weekly, Monthly, and oilier Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for maintaining their respective Poor within the said Workhouse; and that the Corporation may be effectually impowered to enforce the collecting the same; and for other Purposes in such Petition mentioned: And that the Petitioners apprehend, that to grant an unlimited Power to the said Corporation to raise Money in the Manner by them prayed for, will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, but to the whole City in general, as the Petitioners have, ever since the Dilsolution of the said Workhouse, maintained, supported, and cloathed the Poor of their said Parities much better, more decently, and at much less Expence than they were in the said Workhouse; and as they have, ever since such Dissolution, kept, and intend dill to keep. Lamps sufficient for the said Pari Hies, at their own Expence: Therefore praying. That in same any such Act should pass, the said Parishes may not be included in the said Act, but be left to maintain the Poor, and light the Lamps of the said Parishes, and not be subject to any Taxation of the Governor and Guardiaus; or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; is committed.

The House being informed, that the Agent to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Return to an Order of the House of the 16th Day of December last, for the proper Officer for the several Counties of Cambridge, Derby, Oxford,

Nottingham, Northampton, Hereford, Rutland, Salop, Worcester, and Montgomery, to lay before this House, Copies of the Certificates mentioned in the^ said Order.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Whately, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred and Seventy-one Pounds One Shilling and Two-pence, he granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum ifined thereout, for the Half Year’s Payment due the 29th Day of September

Vol. 29.

1763, on the Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one Thousand Tw'O hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Oise Shilling and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, t.o replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paj<l out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1763, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund, by an Act of the 3 ift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for pay ing Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Million* borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Six hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Fourpence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the iothDay of October 1763, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perr}r, which were made a Fuud, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for paying Annuities in respect of f.3,500,000 borrowed towards

the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Sum of Seven thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fight hundred Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred Seventy-six Pounds Twelve Shillings Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences oi His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 20th Day of February 1763, and the 25th Day of December following, aujl not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Two thousand Four hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence Nine Elevenths, be granted to H,is Majesty put of the Monies or Savings remaining of the Grant in the last Session of Parliament, for Pay of the Troops of the Duke and for

Subsidies, and of the Grants ip several former Sessions of Parliament for defraying the Charge of Five Battalions serving in the late Aripy in withaCorps

of Artillery) towards defraying the extraordinary Expenpes of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the Twentieth Day of February 1763, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-one Thousand Eighty-eight Pounds Fotir Shillings, be granted to His Majesty (out of certain Savings of public Monies, and out of Monies arisen by the Sale of His Majesty’s Stores in Germany and Portugal, which have been paid to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces) towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 30th Day of February 1763, to the 25th Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Three thousand Seven hundred Ninety-four Pounds Two Shillings, ip R

Supply.

i ° Martii. A. 1764.

be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards A Mefl’age from the Lords, by Mr. and

defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Cliel/ea Mr. Graves:

Hospital, for the Year 1764. Mr. Speaker,

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rociiit That, a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hun- to enable the Vicar of the Parish of , in the Ckt*.

dred Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven County of , to grant a Lease or Leases of

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session of Parliament, without any Amendment: And also, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Willo-' Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1763. for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas T-Kas>%

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, King, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, without any and Ninety-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, Amendment: And also,

for the Paying of Pensions to the Widows of such The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act BerriVi reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and for naturalizing to which the N»

Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Aud Great Britain, and who were married to them before also,

the 25th Day of December 1716, fonthe Year 1764.’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, veiling Lands and I Iereditaments in Great Britain and Bamnwi That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hun- Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barrymore, dred Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, in Trustees, for raising Money towards paying and be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for main- discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting his taining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His real Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence Majesty\s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1764. of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And then the Messengers withdrew.

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Thirty-one, Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1763, to the 24th of June 1764.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of EastFlorida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th'of June 1763, to the 24th of June 1764.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1763, to the 24th of 1764.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Eighteen Pounds and Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1764.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards encouraging and enabling John Blake, Esquire, further to carry into Execution the Plan concerted by him for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish at moderate Rates.

The Fifteen Fjrfl Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

17

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Hand-writing of a Member of this House had been counterfeited upon the Cover for a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage;

And the said Cover being produced by the said Member; which he declared to be not of his the said Member’s Hand-writing;

Ordered, That James Boyes of Chatham do attend this House, upon this Day Sevenuight.

Ordered, That Fletcher, of the Band of

Music belonging to His Majesty’s Marine Forces at

Chatham, do attend this House, at the same Time.

William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Ditto. Moreing, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar, by the Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And the several Covers for Letters, which were produced to the House upon Friday last, beingshewn to him, he denied that the Franks thereon were of his Hand-yvriting.

And Mr. John Keith and Mr. Stockwell

attending, according to Order;

They were severally called in; and examined, and confronted with the said William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing.

And then the said John Keith and were severally directed to withdraw.

And William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, was directed to withdraw.

Then the said William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, was again brought in, by the Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And Mr. Joshua Stockwell was again called in.

And the said Mr. Joshua Stockwell was further examined.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Then the said William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, was heard in his Defence.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, having counterfeited the Handwriting of several Members of this House, upon Letters, and several Covers of Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That, the said William Edwards, otherwise William Edwards Moreing, be, for his said Offence,

com-

M

in

w

Hat1

lad

4 Geo. III. 1 — 2

committed Prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaol of;

and that Mr. Speaker do issue hi* Warrants accordingly.

Then the said John Keith and were

again Severally called in, and, at the Bar, examined, with relation to the Persons to whom they had disposed of Franks.

And then they were Severally directed to witlulravv.

ounts; Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this iland House, an Account of the gross Produce of the genets'- ral Inland Postage of Great Britain and Ireland; together with an Account of the Deductions for Inland Franked letters in Great Britain and Ireland, as nearly as the same can be computed, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1765, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, Nemine cun tradicente,

Mmfes That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the in the Several Frauds and abuses in relation to the fending ft Office. or receiving of letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Pcftnge; and to consider of the most proper Methods of preventing the fame; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

I.ord Strange, Lord North, Mr. Fuller, Lord Mr. Ba^on, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bu/ler, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Sir Lynch Cot-

tan, Mr. JenkiuJbn, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Edmonstone, Mr . Sandy;, Mr. Mr. Harbord,

Mr. Elliot, Mr. Harris, General Townshen Mr. Tmcn-Jhend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hamilton, ’far Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Stephens, Mr. WhatelxMr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

1 binjon. Sir Annina WodehoMr. Wedderburn, Lord

f' Midleton, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord Coleraine, Mr. On-

... Jlow, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Clivlmondeley, Sir Edmund I ' Isham, Mr. White, Sir William Baker, Mr. Wynne,

Eord.Cajysfort,^lr.G ilbert, Lord Grey, Mr Sir

John Philipps: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

West The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-Uddon cond Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the islofure. Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

,r The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ttie Yeas, { "brnham Bxlle:}

Tenersfortl,eNoes,{|^37j"^-} None.

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present;

and it being then after Four of the Clock;

\ The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without

",r', a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

*Nine of the Clock.

?!'

ft VOL. 20.

Martii. 893

V1enerisy 2" die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii III1" Regis, 17C4.

Prayers.

MR. Clivepresented to the House, according to Cracklejr

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the shrewffiuiy First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repair- Road, ing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop-, and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horsethoe in to Longnor

Green, and also from the West End of Alcliam Bridge to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road in the said County: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen of the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and in the Third Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop-, and also for amending and widening the Roads therein mentioned; and that by both the said Acts, Lime is exempted from the Payment of Tolls, except from the 25th of October to the 25th of March in every Year; and that the Petitioners apprehend considerable Improvements may be made by the Use of Lime; and that any additional Toll on the Carriage thereof may difeonrage such Improvement: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to exempt Lime from the Payment of Tolls and Duties, in the Manner the same is exempted by the said former Acts of Parliament; or in fucti other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edmund Isham presented to the House, according Newnham to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Newnham, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the Firtl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edmund Isham presented to the House, according Everdon to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Pari ill of Everdon, otherwil’e Great Ever-don, and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton-,

And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the West Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com* Haddon mon Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Inclosure. Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Haddon, in the County of Northampton, be read a Second Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House, private upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Bufi* Bufioef?. ness, after Two of the Clock.

An

8 94

Martii.

A. 1764.

Earl of Barrymore’s Estates.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colonel Irwin, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

for vesting Lands and Hereditaments in Great Britain Southwell, Sir John Mr. Rigby, Mr.

and Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barry- Mr. Mr. Dempjier, Mr. Corneioall, Lord George

more, in Trustees, for raising Money towards paying Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve

and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting for the City of London-, and for the Counties of Middk-

his real Estates, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sta* brMgc Lane, kc. Road,

sex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Suf/ex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more ef- Stelrafc

feftual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of to Man-

chester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and Ibrturning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Fritlt,

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in

the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle

Wallop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stan-bridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge ;and from the Garden of Hen-

ry Hatiat at Azobridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderlcy, in the County of Southampton -, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from and to Sparrow Pit G ate; and from Whaley Bridge to the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, Inthe Parish the Western End of Longside Common, in the County of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop-, of Chester-, was read the Third Time. and1 from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at be. An Act to amend and render more effectual feve-Slockbridge-, and from the Garden of Henry II attaint ral Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxlon and Chappel in the Frith, at East Tuderley;and from Lockerlex/ Mill Stream to in the County of Derby, through the Town of Slock-

East Dean Gate; and from the said Garden Wall to the port, in the County of to Manchester, in the

Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid; in County of and other Roads in the said Acts

the County of Southampton; to Salisbury. mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart, do carry the Bill to from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Frith, and to

tc

Em.

Berville’*

Nat.

Spalding

through

Weston

Road.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Nehon de Berville, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. TVhichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's to SuttonWash, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 19 be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Lime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Sparrow Pit Gate; and from Whaley Bridge to the Western End of Longside Common, in the County of

Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed te inquire What Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued; be revived.

Ml

U-if

Btil

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which have been delivered into the Treasurer His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of a Resolution of this House of the 6 th Day of February last.

London

Bridge

Waterworks.

ingrossed.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Proprietors of the London Bridge Water Works, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Shiflfner, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Holt, Lord Mr.

Rushout, Sir George Tange, Mr. Foley, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hunter, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Lord Mr.

Ilervey, Mr. Worjhy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Resolved, That an humble Address be profited to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Tri| Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters and Advices which have been received from His Majesty’s Governors, and any other Public Officers, with regard to the proper Method for securing and improving the Revenues, and preventing contraband Trade, in America, and with regard to the staticning Vessels or Ships of War for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Inhabitants of pip^i the County of Sonierfet, and others, having occasion to travel the Roads between Bath, Wells, and and other Western Parts of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Pipers Inn, in the Parish of Ashcolt, in the County of Somerset, to and through

and Wells, to the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath j and from to Hill,

leading to the City of Bi'ijlol, and for repairing and

widen-

Geo. HI. 2" Mar895

widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said intended Act were impowered, if they should think fit, to add a new Branch of Road out of the present Turnpike Road, leading from Wells towards the Foot of GLiJlonbury Hill, avoiding the Steep of the said Hill, and falling into the said Turnpike Road at or near the Turnpike Gate, now erected not far from the Bottom of the said Hill on the other Side thereof, and to alter and turn the Road leading from Wells to the Top of Bush Hill, in such Manner as should at any Time hereafter appear to them most convenient, it might be the Means of shortening the Distance of, and avoiding, several steep Mills, and be of public and general Advantage to all Persons having OCcasion to travel the said Roads: And therefore praying that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fflull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Sir Charles

Kemys Tyn?c, Lord Georg , Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. PalerJ'on, S\r George Mr.

Bushout, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sir Bichard Wancick Bampfylde, Mr. Sir William

ton, Mr. Mazvba;, Sir John , Mr. Ilolt, Mr.

Witkinson, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Gray, Mr. Monfagu, Lord Midle Ion, Mr. Penton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Lord Orwell, Mr. , Mr.

Onjloio, Mr. Tozonjhend, Mr. Coventry, Mr. , Sir Charles Mor daunt, M r. Burrell, (General A'Court, M r. Fonereau, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Butler, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Baconand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wills, Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

"'1

Kingston Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to upon Hull whom the Petition of the Trustees whose Names are to thereunto subscribed, named in, or appointed by vir-' ’ ^Roid^ tl,e 3,1 Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign

°* ‘ of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

; . An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of

Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, re-. siding in or near the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and

p the Town of Beverley, and other Places in the Fart

Riding of the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town of i Beverley, in the County of and of several Gen-

tlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, and others, respectJ'. tively redding in or near the great public Roads

'c'* leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through

the Town of Beverley aforesaid, to the City of York;

and from Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, to t he Town of

Cottingham, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-, and also the Petition of the Free-> ’ holders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and

Tenements, within the several Townilnps of Bentley, Walking!on, Little W Hunjley, Bijby, and Roto-

ley, in the East Riding of the County of; Jf and also the Petition of John Wyndham Bowyer, Esquire,

' foie Proprietor of the Parish of Waghen, in the East

i>' Riding of the County of York; M ere severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions (no Person appearing on Behalf of the js- Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of

!i. the Town of Beverley, in the Counity of York; and of

i!r'f OL. 2<J.

il.!

the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Merchants, and others, re- Kingston siding in or near the great public Road leading from upon Hull the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through the Town to of Beverley aforesaid, to the City of York; or for the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, residing in or near the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Bev; in the County of York; referred also to the said Committee;) and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place-and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table I Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Pe-‘ tition, the said Act of the 17th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was read; And,

Mr. Caiieton Monckton, Clerk to the said Trustees; produced the original Books, whereby it appeared that £. 3000 was originally borrowed, and £. 15 per

Cent, added to that Sum, amounting in the whole to I-345°: Then,

Mr. Kirby produced an Acfcount of Re-

ceipts and Disbursements, carried down to Christmas last; by which it appeared, that the Debt bn the Tolls; at that Time, was £. 2400, and the Balance in Hand was 220. 9*. id. from whichmuft be deducted Half a Year’s Interest, on the Sum of £. 2400 aforesaid; which had only been paid to the 23d of June 1763.

Mr. Kirby said. That it appears from this State of the Account, that the Surplus will not pay off the Debt during the subsisting Term; but that Twelve or Thirteen Hundred Pounds Debt would Hill remain at the Expiration of the Act.

Mr. John Featherjtone said. He knows the Gravel Pits which supply the Road; that they lie on the West Side of Cottingham; and that One Third of the Gravel used in the Repair of the Road, at least, is carried through Cottingham, by Neivland Bridge, which is a very bad Road at some Times; and that Gravel cannot be carried that Way in Winter, or iii a wet Summer, so that the Trustees are obliged to get large Quantities of Gravel in Summer, and lay it on the Sides of the Road, by which some of it is wasted^ but if the Road from Newland Bridge to Cottingham was well repaired (which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law) the Trustees might get Gravel at all Times. ’ 4

That the Road from Cottingham to Netolarid Bridge is about'Three Miles in Length; and1 that the Inhabitants of Cottingham, goiRg to Hull, only travel over Two Miles of the Turnpike Road.

Being cross examined, he said. That he lived at -tingham, and knows the Difference of the Cottingham Gravel from that which comes from Hull by Water; but does not know' the exact Quantities of each used in the Repairs of the said Road.

That about Thirty Years ago, he was Surveyor of the Roads in the Parish of Cottingham; that the Parish is worth near £. 6000 a Year, in his Opinion, but an Assessment of 6d. in the Pound, according to the old Valuation, raises but £. 32 a Year, and that there are between Ninety and an Hundred Teams kept in the Parish, which do Statute Work on the Turnpike Road Two Days in the Year out of Six, being the Proportion settled by the Quarter Sessions; and that all Teams perform this Work, except where Persons keep more than One Team.

That there are Twenty Miles of Road in the Pafifli; besides the Turnpike Road; and that when he was Surveyor they raised 6d. in the Pound, and employed all the Teams, which was insufficient to repair the Roads* which were sometimes presented.

That the leading Gravel for the Turnpike has greatly damaged the Road from Cottingham to Newland Bridge; that a great deal has been done towards repairing it; and in some Parts there is a good Causeway.

That in his Computation of the Teams kept in the

10 S said

89 6

a0 Martii.

A 1754.

Kuigfton said Parish, he includes all, except about Twenty-two, upon^Hull which are only employed in Harvest Time.

B«verley That he does not think that 6d. in the Pound, ac-Road. cording to the real Value of the Land, would repair the Road in Ten Years.

And that if the Roads in Cottingham were good, he does not think that £.150 a Year, and the Statute Work of Ninety Teams, would keep them in good Repair.

Being asked the Question, he said, That he could not tell whether £. 250 a Year, and the Statute Work of 103 Teams, would put the Roads in Repair; but he Chinks it would not.

That he thinks the repairing the Road between

tingham and Newland Bridge might cost aThoufand, or perhaps £. 700, but not Iefs; and that the rest of the Roads might be repaired for about £. 300 a Mile, including the Statute Labour.

That the Soil is great Part of it Clay; and the Materials lie at One fend of it; bat no Bridges are wanting, except in the Town Streets; that he does not understand making Roads, or the Expence.

Mr. William. WiUcii\fon, an Inhabitant of Cotting-ham, said. That the Gravel Pits which principally supply the Turnpike Road lie at the West End of Cottingham $ and that the Gravel is led through the Parish of Cottingham, and most of it by the Road from Cottingham to Newland Bridge, which is very bad> and only paflhble in dry Seasons: and if the Road could be repaired, it would save a great Expence to the Trustees, who are now obliged to lay their Gravel ' in Heaps, On the Side of the Road, by which Means it is much wasted, and damaged by Dirt from the Road getting amongst it; and that the ordinary Methods of Law will not repair this Road.

Being cross examined, he said. That some Gravel is brought by Water, but no great Quantity.

That the Gravel which is led in Summer is more expensive to the Trust, bccacufe they lay it on the Sides of the Road, and have it to lead again.

That he has seen Gravel often led in the Summer to other Turnpike Roads; but is not much used to Turnpike Roads.

That the Statute Work will not repair the Road, which is a clayey Soil, and much frequented by Carnages going to Hull Market; but that the Carriages employed by the Trustees do it the most Damage; and lie confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, in regard to the Number of Carriages, Valuation of

I.ands, Amount of the Assessment, and Length of the Roads in the Parish of Cottingham, and likewise as to the Quantity of Statute Work done upon the 1'urn pike Road.

That the Labour of a Team is as cheap in Summer as Winter; and he believes the bell Time to lead Gravel, is between Hay Time and Harvest.

That Ten Miles of the Road, in the Parish of Cottingham, are very bad; and the other Ten wants Repairs sometimes.

That it is impossible to lead Gravel on this Road in Winter. That Sea Gravel might be had, but it must be carried a Quarter of a Mile by Land, and would be Three Times the Expence of Cottingham Gravel, as the Witness apprehends.

That the Inhabitants of Cottingham don’t think the Turnpike any Advantage to them at present, as they cannot use Carriages to Hull in Winter, unless the Road from Cottingham to Newland Bridge was amended; that the Gardeners and Farmers carry their respective Commodities on Horseback to , and go Twice a Day; but if the Road was mended, histead of employing Eight Horses to carry Ten Quarters of Corn in a Day, a Waggon with Four Horses would carry that Quantity at onefe, and bring back a Load of Dung.

That he has known from Forty to Sixty Pounds, within a Year, laid out Qn the Road, from Cot-

20

tingham to Newland Bridge; and that a good deal of Money was laid out upon it this Year; but that Two Miles of it is still as bad as can be.

Thomas Brewer, Inhabitant of Bank, formerly Collector of the Tolls, said. That the Gravel Pits from whence the Road is supplied, are at the Well End of Cottingham-, and that about 1500 Loads were led the Year he was Collector, from thence over Newland Bridge; and that the Gravel cannot be got by that Road in W inter, though never so much wanted.

That very little Sea Gravel is used, except in the Close Lanes, near Beverley, where they think it answer* better than Cottingham Gravel.

That Sea Gravel is more expensive, as lie thinks that it colts more a Ton; and that laving it down and taking it up is a great Expence. That he cannot fav the Tntftees ever wanted Gravel, for they lead it in Summer, and lay it. on the Sides of the Roads, which they would not do if they donld lead in Winter; and that Carriage at pressent is cheaper in Summer than in W inter.

Mr. Kirby produced a Book which belonged to John

Johnson, the Collector at H Bar (who was so ill lie could not attend). By this Book it appeared, that 2900 Loads of Gravel, in the Year 1752, had been laid upon the said Road; and that One Shilling a Load had been paid for leading. Three Pence lor digging, and One Half-penny a Load for bareing the said Gravel.

And to prove this to be Cottingham Gravel,

Thomas Brewer was again examined; who said, That when lie was Collector of the Tolls at the Trustees paid 11 d.a Load for all Cottingham Gravel leading from the Pits, to any Part of the Road on the Hull Side of Beverley Bar; but if the Gravel was carried through Beverley Bar, which is Five Miles from the Gravel Pits, they pay One Shilling and Three Pence a I.oad.

That the Witness never paid for any Sea Gravel; but by the Book it appeared to be 20 a Ton; that it is led by Carts from the Place where it is landed, to different Distances, sometimes Haifa Mile, sometimes a Mile; that a Cart, drawn by Three Horses, brings a Ton of Gravel from Cottingham Pits, where the Gravel is measured, and the Carts marked.

That he never knew the Commissioners distressed for want of Gravel in Winter, great Quantities being led in Summer, which are laid on the Sides of the Roads: and that he is sure the Roads could not be mended without Cottingham Gravel, which is much the nearest, and cheapest; nor will Sea Gravel bind so well by itself, the Cottingham Gravel being always laid upon it.

That he never knew hut One Load of Gravel brought from llaffell Clitf, and that was to pave with.

That lie cannot say' whether if a Turnpike Road was made from Cottingham to Bridge, the

Gravel could be led for less than 12 a Toil; and that he never knew the Time when they could lead it in Winter.

Mr. William Wilkinfonsaid, That they have Twenty

Miles of public Roads in Cottingham Parish, betides that desired to be repaired by the Petition; and that Ten or Twelve Miles of those Roads are very bad; that the Road from Cottingham to is worse than

any Part of tba Road between and Beverley was, before the Turnpike was made; and that the Witness, within this Month, was duck fast in it, with a very strong Horse, and could not get him out without Assistance; and that it would require £. 300 a Mile to mend those Three Miles of Road.

That the Inhabitants of Cottingham receive very little Advantage by the Turnpike Road, because they are obliged to go . over Three Miles of bad Road before they come to it; and can only deliver their Corn by

Horses,

4 Geo. III. i6 Mar807

Ilorfes in Winter, which they could do before the Hoad Was made, and over which they only travel Two Miles.

That if the Commissioners were to want Gravel in Winter, they could not pet it; and that lie

thinks about Two or Three Miles of the present Turnpike Hoad lies in Cottingham Parish.

That if a Turnpike Road was made between Cutting* hum and Neuiland Bridge, it. would be a considerable Saving to the Commissioners in leading their Gravel t but can’t la v whel her that "Saving would be equivalent to the Expence of making the Road, which would amount to about £. 250 a Mile.

That if the Road was repaired, they could afford to lead a Ton of Gravel for less than One Shilling, be-cattfc the Draught would be lighter; and that termers can fometinoes spare their Teams better in Winter than Summer; and that the Inhabitants of are

in general Farmers, and could carry more Corn to Market if the Roads were made; and they now pay Three Halfpence a Horse, which is the full Toll; and that, if the Road from Cottingham to Bridge was

meuded, they could carry as much with Four Horses, as they now do with Eight; but can’t say whether it would be worth while to pay a new Toll for that Purpose.

That Carriages, for the most Part, go twice a Day, when they deliver Corn, and the Gardeners, for about a Fortnight in Summer, may perhaps goThreeTimes aDay, hut oftner hut once; and that the Tolls are paid but once a Day; and that the making this Road a Turnpike, would enable the Fanners to do their Business with fewer Horses.

That Sixpence in the Pound, at the real Value of the I and, together with the Statute Labour, would not put the Roads in the Parish of Cottingham into good Repair, don’t mean Turnpike Repair, even though the Road from Cottingham to Bridge was to be

made Turnpike: That they have raised Sixpence in the Pound, according to the old Valuation, besides which the Witness has known Forty or Fifty Pounds subscribed at a Time, for the Purpose of repairing the Roads, by the Inhabitants of Cottingham: That the old Valuation is about £. 1280, and that he reckons the present Valuation about 6000.

That there are Eleven Miles more of Road in the Parish very bad, which he apprehends would cost £.250 a Mile to repair.

That if the Road from Cottingham to Newland Bridge was made Turnpike, it would enable the Town of Cottingham to lay out more Money on the other Parts of the Roads, as considerable Repairs are required on that Road; and that, since last Midsummer, he saw One Piece of that Road, of 3 or 400 Yards long, repaired, and several other Pieces.

That the Inhabitants of Cottingham pay as much for going from thence to Hull, in which they only use Two Mil es of the Turnpike Road, asthofe who travel the whole Length of that Road, which is about Eight Miles: that they never come upon the Turnpike Road going to Beverley; and that Hull is their principal Market; and that the Witness thinks, that the Inhabitants of Cottingham pay £. 130, or £. 140 per Annum to the Turnpike.

Mr. Thomas Brewer said. That he was Collector of the Tolls at the Hull Bar in the Year 1761, in which

Year he received £. 260, and upwards, of which between One Half or Two Thirds was paid by the Inhabitants of Cottingham: And being asked, whether be had laid so before? He said, he had not; that he made this Calculation, by knowing and ebferving the People of Cottingham; in which Parish he was born and bred, hut was never employed to set down the Money pud by different People.

Being asked, whether he knew the Face of every Man in Cottingham ?he said, he did of the most who

Vqr.. 29.

attend Hull Market; that there might be feme Travellers between Cottingham and Hull, whose Faces he did not know, but that would make the PropOrtioti of the Tolls paid the greater.

Mn John Bryant informed your Committee; That he believes that the Inhabitants of and the

Towns to the West of it, pay £. 150 to the Hull Road, communibtts Amis; which Belief he grounds upon Information of Persons who pay the Toll; and that he believes, that the Inhabitants of Cottingham^ and Persons travelling through that Town, pay £. 139 to the Turnpike.

Being asked, whether there are not other Parishes contributing to this Road,-who go upon it full as little as those of Cottingham ? lie said, there was only Hull Bank, and about Half a Dozen Houses at;

and that the Persons travelling from to Beverley Park, only just cross the Road, and he believes pay the whole Toll; for there is a Bar at Waxen Ferry;

In order to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, re-ftding in or near the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, and other Places in the East Rid.ing of the County of York;

Mr. Thomas Bretoer laid. That the repairing the Road from Cottingham to N Bridge would be k Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Advantage: That it is a public Road from York to Hullt and lie has knowu Pack Horses travel that Way before the Turnpike Road was made, which belonged to one Chapman, a public Carrier: That he never heard of any other Road at that Time, bat that he was young, and don’t remember much.

That he has been employed in leading Gravel from Cottingham to the Road; and that a Cart, with the same Horses, would carry one-fourth more on the Turnpike Road than they can do ou this Road even in Summer.

Being cross examined, as to what he meant by Public Utility; he said he meant to the Inhabitants of Cottingham, and the People of Hull, who would go that Way to York, as it is generally esteemed to be the UeaN eft Way; but that he can’t say he ever saw Carriages go this Way from Hull to York.

Mr. Stephen Brown said, he was 65 Years old, and has known the Road from Newland Bridge to,

40 Years, which was always esteemed the High Road from Hull to York, and has frequently met Carriers on this Road, whom he knew to be employed in carrying between Hull and York, as well as many Gentlemen go* ing from Weighton to Hull; and that the Inhabitants of Little Weightoti knew no other Road than this formerly;

and that the Road from York to Hullcomes by,

not through the Town.

Being crossexamined, he said, hehad met Pack Horses at all Times of the Year, but that the Road had Hot been so much frequented since the Turnpike Road was made; but if this Road was to be made Turnpike, the Inhabitants of j Little Weighton, and the Neighbourhood thereof, would again use the fame, and it would be a great Advantage to them: That there used to be a Causeway from Hull to Cottingham; hut that there Were not so many Stage Waggons used at that Time as at present, almost all the Carriage being performed on Horseback.

That it is the general Opinion of the Country, That the repairing this Ro$d would be of pubfit Utility, for any thing the Witness knows to the contrary, and that it is probable the Inhabitants of Weightoti might ra-ceive an Advantage adequate to the Payment of a TollV - for that the Road from Weighton to Huff by. Anlaby, is a Mile about.

Mr. John Bryant informed your Committee, That he had measured the Road from Hull to Market Weighton, through Cottingham, and through Beverley; and that the

Road through Cottingham is nearer by I of a Mile; and

Beverley

Kingston upon Hull to

Beverley

Road*

898 q!6 Martii. ' 1764.

Jflngflon Beverley Streets are i of a 'Mile long, and paved, than the necessary Expence of.repairing the Road; an!

U{)0to^is worse thatt the Turnpike Road, either for likewise an Advertisement of a lVrfon who had olfer-

Bevt-rJey Horses or Carriages; and thatail Travellers from Hull ed to repair both the Roads at the same Kxponce that Road; to York, go through Market Weighton. the Old Road hath coll on an Average of j6 Years;

Being atked the Question, he said he believed more and informed your Committee, that he l.card William Turnpike Road would be necessary to be made to gd Keeling make this Proposal, arid saw it ligned by hit from Neuiand Bridge to Market Weighton, than through ovvn Hand.

Beverley:That it is 11 Miles and a Quarter from the And the first Taper was not admitted as Evidence; Well Knd of Beverlei/ to Weighton, and 16 Miles and , but the W’itness allowed to make Ule of it to aJliti his a Quarter from Neicland Bridge: That he does not Memory. And,

think it would require more Road to be made to go Samuel Wat son, Esquire, said, That he would un* through Coltinghom than through Beverley: That both dertake to keep the Road from Newlatid Bridge to Roads are good in many Places: That, on the Coiling- in Repair, for jf. 30 a Year, for Five or

hamRoarl, a little is wanting at Skidley Town End, and Seven Years; and thinks it might probably be done

but.little more wanting: That there is a good deal at that Price for the whole Term, with the Aififtanceot wanting the other Wav, but he does not know the the Statute Labour.

exact Measurement: That they go over the Woulds, In Contradiction to the Evidence given on the afore-

both from Cotlinghamand Beverley to Weighton, but ar- . said Petitions, your Committee examined,

rive sooner at them the Cottingham Wray, which is the Mr. Charles Tate, a Surveyor of Land, who said; Reason why less Road will require to be amended. That the Towns of Swine, F.herne, and feteral

That it is generally thought this Hoad would be of other Towns hi pay the same Tolls as the

public Utility, for it is of public Utility to have all Roads inhabitants of , for only travelling Two

good, and that the mending this would be a Couveni- Miles on the present Turnpike Road; and that the Inha* ency to Carriage from one Market Town tomiother, and bitaufs of these Towns and of Beverley Park pay the same a particular Advantage to the Town of Hull; but that Toll for only eroding t he Road; and that the Inlia: v he does not know whether a Toll could be taken on this tants of pay the same for goingto Beverley,

Road sufficient to repair it. though they travel but a Quarter of a Mile on it: That

The Woulds is about Two or Three Miles from Cot- the T urnpike Road is at present in a very bad Condi-tingham, and three Miles and a Quarter from Beverley, tion, occasioned in Part by the late Hoods; but tint and there is not above Two Miles of bad Road between the whole of the Road wants railing.

Newlandand Weighton, exclusive of the intended Turn- That the Trustees do not lead all the Gravel, mVl pike: That the Easterunioft Part of the Road from in the Road through Cottingham, to A <wumd Bridge, Santon to Weighton will want great Repairs, but that there being Two other Roads, One of which is T o goes to both Roads. Miles nearer to go to Beverley; both of which are in ti.3

Mr. William Wilkinson said, That the Repair of the Parish of , and One of them well g. avelled,

intended Road will be an Advantage to the Town of and in good Repair, the other a little fofih'h.

Hull, to Coltingham, and all the Villages on the West Being asked. What a Ton of Shingle coils, from the Side thereof, between which last mentioned Places and nearest Beach to the T urnpike, including leading lead* Hull, there is a great Intercourse, the greatest Part of ing, ami unloading ? He said, that the Price of Shi; We, the Corn produced in those Places being carried to from Paul's Beach, was a Ton, inclndin* the

.//«//: That if the Turnpike were made, the Inhabitants Freight; id. loading, the Delivery, and the ,of South Cave, North Cave, and Howden, would bring Carriage; and that Three Loads of Cottingham Gravel, the Corn, with which that Part of the Country abounds, when well lcrcen'ri, will produce a Ton 01 Si,ingle, or to Hull, this Way, it being the nearest Way. . Pebble, and the Sea Shingle lifts much longer than that

Being asked the Question, he said, he thinks South from the Gravel Pits; and that the Smi \\hx:i iscar-Caveand Jnlaby are about a Mile and an Half from ried out>wiih the Gravel, from the Gravel fits, isuo the River Humber; but he thinks the Road from How- Advantage to the Road, hut grinds to Dud, blotvsoa den, through Cotlingham, is more in a direct Line to the adjoining Meadows, and spoils the Grass.

JhiU, than through Anlaby, and that the Road would be That the Inhabitants of North, and Cave, and a Benefit to Scidby, Little Weighton, Bentley, Replington, cany the greatest Part of their Corn by

North and South Cave, Howden, and several other Towns Water to Hull, but they curry linall Quantities Complying between Howden and Hull. times by Laud.

That he does not know that Corn goes from Ilowden t That these Towns are, one of them Thirteen, the . to Hull by Land, they lend it by Water if they fend other Fourteen Miles distant from Hud, and the other any; nor does he think they would fend it by Land, if not a Mile nearer: That they carry their Corn about the Road was repaired; but this is the nearest Wav: Four or Five Miles to the Boats, and that they would That this is the best. Way from South Cave to Hull-,anil not carry it by Land, if the Cotlingham Road was re-that great Quantities of Corn grow at Weighton and paired; and that the principal Part their Corn goes Skidley, which would be brought this Way: That the to Beverley.

Corn goes chiefly at present by Water from Cave to Hull; That t he Road from, those Towns to Hull, by And by,

That he can’t say many Persons travel from Howden to -is about a Mile and Half nearer than by;

Hull at present;, but if this Road was repaired, they and that great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Welt would go this Way, as it would be the nearest and best; End of the Town of Cottingham, go tiiroui.h Anlaby fh That there is a great Intercourse between Cottingham and . Hull, and that feme Cara is carried from Cottingham to Hull; but he can’t say whether the Tolls to be collected Beverley, but not a great Quahtity. on that Road would defray the Expence of making it. Being crots examined, he said. The Inhabitants of Then the Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Wawn, Swine, and the other Towns he mentioned, others, of the Townships of Bentley, Walkington, cross the Ri er Hull before t hey come to the Turnpike Tittle Weighton, Jlunjlcy, Rijby, and Rowley, being Road at Wawn Ferry; and that he cannot fav whethcrllie

read; the Agent relied the Proof of this Peti- Tolls paid by Personscoming from Rerf-'/r 1 Park, lo Action on the former Evidence. amount to 2QJ. a Year: That the principal Part

Then the Petition of the Mayor a#id Burgesses of of thelnhaoitautj of not usually go through

the Town of Kingston upon Hull, being read; Hull to Beverley, but that there is a Turnpike Iloadfrrou The Agent produced a Paper, which was a Caicu- Partington to Hull, and thence to Beverley Thai (lie I Iation, to ftiew that the Tolls would produce more Road, which he laid was a good one, by which Gravel

16 might I

KfrigC^n bpon Hull

to

Bcvc^lry

Road.

4 Geo. III;

a* Mdr

might be carried froth Cottingham is that frhich goes by the Beer Houses, which is most of it a gravelly Soil; but he had never seen it in Winter.

Being asked, Whether thp Sea Shingle don’t cod if. 8 d.a Ton, exclusive of the leading from the Keel

Which Evidence was condoned by a Member pr<£ font.

Another Member present irifohhedybtir Committee; That a great Part of the Road leads over barren Sands and Moors, and iS Very subject to be overflowed;

he said, that the Gravel, got at a greater Distance, pays that very few People live near the said Road, and con-double Freight, which is i s.6 d.a Ton. sequently, the $tatute Work m.uft be iilconsiderable.

Then the Petitions Of the Corporation of

and the Petition of the Inhabitants of and Bevtrltrtf, were read & Second Tirtie; but no Evidence appeared ih Support Of the Allegations thereof. i.

A Motioti was made, and the Questioli being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers Of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of his kite Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of upon

That the Reason of the Cottingham People going by Anlaby to Hull is, that they come upon the Turnpike Road sooner, having Four Miles one Way, and but Two the other; but that the Road by Bridgd

is nearer by Haifa Mile; and that they would go by Aalabi/,if the Road to Neivland Bridge was repaired, as

they pay but Two Thirds of the Toll.

Being asked, Why they did not make all the Road with Sea Shingle? he said, they could not get it at all Times; but that they might get a Sufficiency when the

Ships are not throng, which they are in the latter End of and the Town of , in the East Riding of

Summer and the Spring; that they commonly use a the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Load of CottinghamGr&vei, and a Load of Sea Shingle Neivland Bridge to the West End of the Town of

interchangeably, in repairing the Road; and being alk-ed. Whether there was one Fourth Part of the Sea Gravel used, in Proportion to Collinghajn Gravel ? he answeredj he could not really tell; but if there was no Gravel at Cottingham, the Roads might be repaired,

i'mee there are Pits at Had'd, though at a greater Dif-

tance, which Gravel would be brought by Anlaby, and

Willoughby, through Cottingham.

And being asked. If Gravel were wanted within 3 or Miles of Hull, whether they would not come through Cottingham, and over Neivland Bridge? he said feme of them would: that he never saw the Turnpike Road without Heaps of Gravel lying on the Sales of it; and he never heard that the Commissioners were distressed for Want of Gravel, for they lead it in Sum-iner, but a great deal of it is waited for Want of laying it on the Road; and that no Part of the Road is repaired with Shingle only, without a Mixture of Cottingham 'Gravel.

That they carry great Quantities of Com from Cot- upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding tingham to 'Hull, and he cannot tell if they would carry of the County of York; and for repairing the Road

..... \r — i,j d,:.i — from Nexvland Bridge to the West End of the Town of

Cottingham, in the said Riding: And that Sir George Savile, the Lord and Sir George Montgomery

tingham, in the said Riding;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the* Question, by leaving out the Words, " and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West End " of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding."

And the Question being put. That those Word* ftahd Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Terror, heYeas. {*"$&*

TeHersforU.eN^I

So it was resolved in the Aftirmativfe.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign of hiS late Majesty, for. repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston

120;

70;

any more, if the Road to Neivland Bridge was made, for they carry a great deal to Beverley, which is a more general Market for Corn; that some of the Cottingham Gravel is not fkreened, in order to make it cement Xvith the Sea Shingle, but what they do skreen, is fkreened at the Pits; and that he thinks, no more tingham Gravel would be used, if the Road to Neivland

Mctham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the

Bridge were mended, because it would be ground to County of York: And that Mr. and Sir

Dull without the Shingle; that the Shingle is much better than the Cottingham Gravel, even after it

is

fkreened, because it is much harder; but that he thinks, i* would stot repair the Roads properly, without a Mixture of Cottingham Gravel; that Angle I Iorfes would chuse the Sides of the Road in Summer, but Carriages chuse the hard Road.

That he thinks it would require 300 to put the present Turnpike Road in good Repair; by which he means £.300 in the whole, including the common Expence of repairing the said Road.

Then the Petition of Esquire,

was read; the Proof of the Allegations whereof was rested on the foregoing Evidence.

In order to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Corporation of Beverley,

Mr. Charles Tate being examined, said. That Ihe Road from York to Beverley is in a very ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and has been greatly prejudic ed of late Years, by the inclosing several Commons and Open Grounds at and other

Places.

John Courtney, Esquire, fays, He knows the Road from Beverley to York, and foine Parts of it are very bad, and rendered much worse by the late Inclosures; and that he imagines it cannot berepaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

01.

zcy.

liam Codrington do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the federal Inhabitants, Pariflnoners, and Payers to the Poors Rates of the Parish of Sains Owen’s, otherwise Saint Ojiuald’s in the City of cester: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Catherine, in the City of Glouc whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael's, in the City of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also;

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, ParishioYiers, and Payers to the Poors Rates of the Parish Of Saint Aldate's, in the City of Gloucester:

Were severally presented to the House, anti read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Poor of the said City; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend that to grant an unlimited Power to the said Corporation to raise Money, in the Manner by them prayed for, will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, but to the Whole City in general: And therefore praying, That in Cale the Act prayed for by the said Petition shonlcl pass, the said Parishes may not be included therein, but be left to maintain the Poof, 10 T and

Gloucester

Poo*.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

00

2* — 5*

A ijS4.

Militia Pay and

Clothing.

and light the Lamps of the said Parishes, and not be subject to any Taxation of the said Governors and Guardians; or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of

cester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the amount of Twenty-eight

Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia under the Rank of a Captain, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764; that they do also prepare an Estimate of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsistence for the Field Officers and Captains of the said Militia, for One Year;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te.te, for the

Tellers for the Noes, { £Soffiwn: So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

{ u*-

{89-

Searby

Inclosure*

Chilvers

Coton

Inclosure.

Wtjj

tni

Maw

Ordered, That- the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houte, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being rea<l accordingly;

Resolved, That this Iloui’e will, upon Monday Moro* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 77 Mom* Amttfc, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 50 die Martii,

Anno 4* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1764.

mu

Ste

A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pecliell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Quivers Coton, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Puty on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-

Cyd«r and cond Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Time for Peny. Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act passed in the lift Session of Parliament, upon Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain, and for altering the Composition authorised to be made, in respect of such Duty, be now fead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Wednesday " Morning next," and inferring the Words, " Monday " Sevennight," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words, Wednesilay Morning next," Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, TUixt this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

v«

Adjourn-

ment.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near Lewes, and other Roads iu Suffer, to the Road leading from the North End of Off'ham, to the Spital Barn in Lewes aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads fVom the North End of Mailing Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in Suffer, to the Road leading from the North End of Off'ham, to the Spital Barn in Lewes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Sergifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Mf the Bill lor amending and widening the Road from " Tinjley, in the County of York, to the Town of Don* caster, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. 6. 1. 3. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Fo. 6. 1. 5. being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

Then the rest of the Amendments made by the Cora mittee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. 42. 1.13. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for continuing One Moiety of the Duties R« granted by an Act of the 11th and 12th Year of King Hirb»' William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been, by several other Acts, continued till the 12th Day of May 1765, and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour

4 Geo. III.

5° Martii.

i><a*

Blything

Poor.

r.

''4;

... Private * 3uGnefj.

’Whitbf

Roads.

bour of Rye, in the County of Suffer; and for more effectually completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norris, Mr. Holt, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr' Kynaston, Colonel Bru-deiwll, Mr. Parker, Sir Edmund I/ham Mr. Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Milles, Mr. Mr. Fonere.au,

Sir William Baker, Mr. F Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr* Luther, Mr. Sir

daunt, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Edward Mr.

Shaftoe, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Montagu, Sir Ladbroke, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Cocks, Mr. vanion, Lord Hence, Mr. A, Admiral hei), Mr. Townshend, Mr. WilbBootle', Mr. Butler,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Mr. Butler,

I-ord Grey, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gray,

Lord Orwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffer', Kent, Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of IJlything, in the County of Suffolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which t hey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onq; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Oj made upon Friday last, that Leave be given to move the House this-Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two the Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from-th West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholm-ley. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr Penton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Holt, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Fonereau, General Mr.

Colonel Bar re, 'Mr.' Jlume, x>rdMr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Pollington, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Willy, Mt. Butler, Admiral Cotes/ Mr. Parktr, fRr

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butter', Mr. Whihvorlh, Mt.JDoicdef-toell.Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Gray, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ward, Sir lynch Sa-lusbury Cotton, Mr. Vane; and all the Mettibers who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and confirming the Inclosureand Division of certain Landsin in

the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York; and? for other Purposes; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i2. 1. 31. to leave out " disinterested."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and confirming the Indo-sure and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoates, in the Parish of Drypool in the County of York; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tire House being informed, that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1764, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale, established by ..an Act 1 Georgii3. for pajring Annuities granted Annp

1761, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrance^ thereupon to that Time: And also,

An Account of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, from the Commencement of the fame, to the 5th Day of January 1764, with the present annual Charge on the said Fund.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

!An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer, on the 5thDay of January 1764,of the additional 1 Duties upon Beer and Ale, stablished by an Act i"* Georgii 3*" for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after

satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time.

v THE Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1764, of the additional Duties upon

Beer and Ale, established by an Act irao Georgii 3^ for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time, amount to the Sum of Three tlioufaud Four hundred and i ’ Ninety-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

,] ' '

r Exchequer, the 5th Day

of March 1764. S. P. Julliott.

Vol. 29. ’ T#

Sudcettes

inclosure.

Acgoupts; Putins of Beer apd Ale.

Anatrfties of 1761,

9oa 5* MartiL A, t-jS

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anrto 1761, from the Commenceinetit of the fame, to the 5th Day o f January 1764, with the prefettt annual Charge on the said Fundi

THE Income of the said Fund, from the 24th Day of January 1761, being the Day of the Commencement thereof, to the $th Day of January 1764, amounts to the Sum of One million Three hundred and Ninety-two thousand and Seveaty-five Pounds.

The present annual Charge on the said Fund, amounts to the Sum of Four hundred and Ninety-six thousand Eight hundred and Three Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of March 1764. S. P. JulliotU

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to bie perused by the Members of the House.

Wigan* Mr. Luttrell presented to the House, according to Waterworks Order, a Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of , with fresh and

wholesome Water: And the same was received -, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that Addreftfcr ^eir Address of Friday last, that the Copies and Ex-Accountt. tracts therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Toion/kend presented to the House, according to ®efr* Dyke Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Langholm Scots tyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through

the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to in

the County of Roxburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Batchacre Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Grange, whom the Bill for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Tythes, &c. Counties of Stafford and Salop, or One of them, from Payment of Ty thes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling other Tythes in Lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Jiim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

D«/er to A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in Barham the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Road."* George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of and also,

for amending, widening, and repairing the Road Icad-iljgfroai Cowgate and Arc Fort in Dover, through 16

Folkstone, to the Town of Hy,in the said County was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George

Sackville, Mr. Prefcot, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Hume, Lord Grey, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Mmbei/,

Mr. Weddcrbum, Mr. Anson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Best, Mr. Darner, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lajielles, Mr. Brand, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Knight,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Peter Burrell, Lord Ortvell,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynqfion, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mf, Trevanion, Mr.

Cust, Mr. Norris, Mr. Cholmley, Mr Mr.

braham Bootle, Mr. Holt, Lord , Mr; Penton,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Staunton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Pennant, Mr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffix; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Onoell reported from the Committee, to GW whom the Bill to amend and render more elFeChiai aq Act, pasted in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu'at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom A'*1 the Bill for naturalizing James Alric, was committal,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T able.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Haufer: And also,

A Petition V’

4 Geo. IIL

5° Martiu

9°S

Jkerman’s

Nat.

loucester

Poor.

if»

Irl:

[rC:

[. Jkipfea ‘ ‘ clofuiT.

V.-

' 'arter's Name.

jngflon on Hull Street).

A Petition of Johann Jacob Uckerman . Were severally presented to the House, and read; Praying, That their Names may be inserted in the Bill depending in the House for naturalizing James Nehon de Berville.

And the said Petition* were severally ordered-to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Precincts of the College i n the City of Gloucester, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Poor of the said City; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that to grant an unlimited Power to the said Corporation to raise Money, in the Manner by them prayed for, will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, but to the whole City in general: And therefore praying, That no such Act as petitioned for as aforesaid, may pals; or if the House mall think it reasonable to pass any further Act, that then only those Parishes may be included therein who are desirous of the fame, but that these Precincts may be excepted out of the said Act; and that the Inhabitants thereof may, for the future, be charged with the Maintenance of their own Poor only, and not be subject to any sort of Assessments or Taxations of the said Governor and Guardians, for any Purpose whatsoever.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased,'was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereu pon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, several Act* made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hulland for preventig An-

noyances t herein; was read a Second Time.

llefolved. That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot. Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Mr, Seymour, Lord Howe, "Sic. Anson, Lord Brownloo Bertie, Mr.

Vol. zq.

Sir Edward Dering, Mr. M Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Penton, Sir George Warren, Mr. Sir Charles

Mor daunt, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vune, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pye, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys. Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fone-reau. Lord Gage, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Parker, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Wil-' liam Meredith, Mr. Butler, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Staunton, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Clive; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Northumberland, Cumberland, and

Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms of and amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Pari Hi of row, in the County of Gloucester, to Staunton Sxvan, in the County of Worcester; and from thence through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to

Worcester-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, was read a Second- Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wark-worth, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Prefcot, Sir William Baker, Mr. Foley, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Mr. IJoyd, Mr. Townshend, Sir Mr.

IIarbord, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Buller, Sir George Armytage,-

Mr. Brudenell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Harvey, Sir Ed-

ward Baytitun, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dotode/iveU, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Vane, Mr. Buller, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties -

sex, Sussex, Surrey, Essex, Kent, and Hertford; and for the City of London .-And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Money expended in fortifying Milford Haven.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth.: viz.

Ledbury

Road).

Act

respecting

Insurance

Offices.

Accounts

Milford

Haren.

to U

Office

WatHng

Street,

Arc.

Road.

Exports

to

America.

9°4 5" Martii. J.

Office of Ordnance, 5 March 1764.

ACCOUNT of MONEY expended in fortifying MILFORD HAVEN} prepared pursuant

to an Act of the 51st Year of his late Majesty.

To 30 September 1761, as per Account, delivered 9 March 1762 -

Between 1 Qdtober 1761, and 31 December 1763.

To the Rt. honbte Lord Viscount Hertford., Impropriator, and David Lewis, Vicar of St. Mary in Pembroke, for the value of the Tythes of Lunds, Sc. purchased, with Interest -

To the Executors of William Whitaker, for his own Charges, as likewise to reimburse him the Money paid to sundry Persons, onacoount of Milford Haven, pursuant to an Order of the Rt. hon*1* the Lords of the Treasury, 24 December 1761 ——

To Overseers, Artificer*, and Labourers employed on the Works -To the Salary of the Paymaster, from 1 October 1761, to 31 Dee. 1763 Culm, Ironmongers’ Ware, and other Materials, purchased there -Fir, Timber, and Deals, purchased by Mr. Charles Ding ley -Iron, and other Building Materials, sent from hence -The Expence of Engineers travelling to, and lodging at, Milford, and other Incidents - . - -

£. s. d.

214 9 6

666 — - 4

12.325 8 9

225 — —

799 14 11

1.645 18 11

234 *9 11

265 16 S

7,835-

i6,377 9 -

l-

24,212 9 8

Memorandum:

There hath been already granted by Parliament, on the above Account,

1758, May 4 - £. 10,000

1759, April 10 - - 10,000

£. 20,000

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Bagotpresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Buck's Head, at Watling Street, to Compton and the New and from the "Birches Brooke to the Hand Poll in the Parish of Kemberton; in the several Counties of Salop and Stafford: And the same was received j and read the First inie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tin?e.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Wines exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1762; and from Christmas 1762 to

Christmas j 763; distinguisiiing the different Quantities of each fort of Wine; with the Amount of the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of all India Goods (Tea, Drugs, and prohibited Goods excepted) exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in

America, within the last Fifteen Years, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1762; and from thence to Mi-

chaelmas 1763; difiinguishing the different Quantities of each fort of Goods, and the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Gallons of Rum imported into and exported from England, from Midsummer 1763 to' Christmas 1763: And also,

An Account of the Nett Produce, within the last 15 Years, of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,' intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Wantation Trade; distinguisiiingeachYear; as also, of the Nett Produce of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Ame difiinguishing each

Year: And also.

An Account of all foreign Cambricks and French Lawns exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within the last j 5 Years; distinguish-ing the Quantity, the Duties paid, and Drawbacks allowed thereon in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the 'said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

4 Geo. III. 5° Martii. oog -

Ordered, That Leave be givdn te 'bring in a BrH to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parha-tnent, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Rr/toincalled England: And that Mr.

General Townshend, the Lord Strange, Sir John Turner, Mr. Merton, Mr* Northey Mr. Bacon, Sir James Lam-ther, and Mr. Bice, do prepare, and bring in, the " fame’.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

.. "u nre‘ to whom the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and in the Borough of

&ufAtp0rA,' and Parts adjacent^ employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Rabbits* Fur, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain; wad also, the Petition of the Journeymen in the Beaver Hat Trade, reftding in and about London, whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Journeymen of the same Trade; and also, the Petition of several Persons resident in the Town of in the County of

Lane after, and in Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats’ Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are under-written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the ferae Manufacture in Great Britain', and also, the Petition of several Persons resident in the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster,

and in Parts adjacent, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats with Coney Wool, Goats’ = Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are there-

under written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain ', and also, the Petition of the Hatters of the City of Bristol, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats’ Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are under-written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufefture in Great Britain', and also, the Petition of several Persons resident in the City of Ch^ter, and in Parts adjacen t, employed in making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats made with Coney Wool, Goats’ Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in K the said Manufacture in Great Britain; and also, the

1 1 Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-

under written, being Makers and Venders of Hats in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, on behalf of them*

; {elves add Others concerned in the said Manufefture in

that Town and Neighbourhood; were severally referred;

1 That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast

’ contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him

to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as

followeth; viz.

A State of the Fasts contained in the said Petitions; is as follows; viz.

By an Account from the Custom-house, referred to your Committee, it appeared, that from 1749,

to Christmas 1750, 46,324 Dozen of Beaver and Caftor

Hats were exported; and that from Christmas 1761, to' Christmas 1702, only 20,384 Dozen of the like Hats / ' were exported; and that for the Half Year ending at

> Midsummer 1763, being the Time when the Account is

closed, only 6,203 Dozen and 8 Hats were exported.

Mr. James Rojjiter, aManufacturer of Hats, informed your Committee, That the Duty paid upon grown ,4 Beaver Skins, and Cub Beaver Skins, is the feme; that

is 7 d.3-20ths and 5-8tits of a Twentieth per Skin, Voi. 29.

though the Skins are widely dHfcftnt'ih See,' Weight, Hit and Value; and that Two Cub Skins hardly weigh so much as One full grown Skin; and that the Drawback allowed upon Re-exportation of the Cub Skin and grown Beaver is the feme; heing &d. 6-aotbs apd *3-i6tb8 of a Twentieth.

Herman Berens, Esquire, Merchant, and binjeH, Beaver Broker, informed yoprCbmmittefe, That Cub Skias are chiefly bought for Exportation, on ao-codnt of the "Drawbaok; without which. Exporters would pnefer the grown Beaver.

And by an Account from the Custorn-house, referred likewise to your Committee, it appeared, that from Christmas 1749, to Christmas 1750, the Quantity of Beaver Skins imported, was 62,043; for which a Duty of £.1,856. 8j. 10 d.was paid. — ‘That 35,393. of these Skins were exported; the Drawback of which, amounted to £. 640. 2 s.3 d.And that from Christ-mas 1762, to Christmas 1763, the Number-bf Skins ioy , ported was 128,492; £.3,844. 14V 5 being paid for the Duty.

That within the feme Period, 129,801 Beaver Skins were exported, and a Drawback of £.2,347. 11 5d.

so that the Exports in tire last Period exceed the Imports 1,309 Skins.

To prove that the Exportation of Beaver Wool and Beaver Skins is prohibited in France:

Mr. Rojjiter produced a letter from his Correspondent in Paris, dated Parti, August 6th, 1751; in which the following Paragraph was read:

" Tire Exportation of Heaver is prohibited, by " reason it is preferred solely for the Use of the " Hat Manufeftory in this Kingdom."

By the said Letter it also appeared, that the befi Canada Beaver was, at that Time, fold for Seven and a Half Livres; which is about Six Shillings and Sixpence Sterling. (

When, about the same Time, the Bay Company Beaver sold to'England for Fifteen Shillings and Eleven Pence per Pound, on an Average; and that it was not possible at that Time to bring any of tijc Beaver to London.

Peter llaj'endever, Esquire, Merchant, informed yonr Committee, That lie hail been frequently in France, and is acquainted with the Beaver Manufeftory — -the chief P4rt of which is worked up into Hats; — that feme little has been made into Cloth, by way of Experiment; but t|ie Quantity has been inconsiderable.

Mr. Rojjiter being further examined, informed your Committee, That the Price of Labour in France is about One Half cheaper than in; but that iu

the North of England Labour is much cheaper; that lie had, on that Account, established his Manufactory there, as several other Hatters of London bad done.

That he had exported a small Quantity of Beaver to France; partly grown Skins, and partly Cubs, which cost him £. 128, and for which he received a Drawback of upwards of £. 13.

That the Cub Wool don’t work quite so well as the grown Beaver, there not being that Strength in it; and that it is inferior in Value about One Shilling per Pound.

Being aiked, whether the Charges of carrying the Beaver to Paris did not amount to more than the Drawback? He feid, he believed that the Expence of carrying it to the North of England was.near as great; — that a Merchant of London, who should fend Beaver to France on his own Account, must pay Warehouse Kent, Brokerage, and Commission; but that if lie was a Hatter resident in Parti, he should lend the Commission immediately to a Broker in London, by which the preceding Articles of Expence would be feved; and that the French can be suppliad with Beaver from no other Market.

And Mr. Hajenclever further informed yonr Committeej

906 5° Martii. . i 764.

mittee, that when Beaver Wool is 13 an Ounce, ft

Hat which could not be afforded here under ns. would cost no more than 20f. in France.

To prove that the French supply the Markets of Spain, Portugal, and other Places;

Henry »Steers,| Esquire, Merchant, informed your Committee, that he had lived at many Years. —

That formerly large Quantities of Hats were imported to Lisbon from England, but of late very few; which was owing to the great Quantities of Hats furnished the Portuguese by the French, which are much cheaper, in respect to their Quality, than the Hats.

Lawrence Fowkes, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he had lived Thirty Years in Portugal, and confirmed Mr. Steers's Evidence.

Then Mr. Roffitersaid, That he had taken Account/;

from the Custom-house Books; and found, on an Average, from the Year 1750 to the Year 1761, the Number of Hats exported annually to Portugal amounted to 13,948 Dozen of Beaver and Castor; and that in the Year 1762 the Number exported was only 2,397 Dozen; and in the Half Year, ending last only 92 Dozen.

That the Number exported to Spain, from 1750 to 1761, amounted yearly, at an Average, to 8,914 Dozen; and in the Year 1762 to 407 Dozen; and in the Half Year, ended at Midsummer last, to 67 Dozen: That the Quantity exported to the from 1750

to 1761, amounted, at an Average, to 2,105 Dozen each Year. — That in 1762 none at all were exported; and in the Half Year, ending at Midsummer last, to only 38 Dozen.

Which Calculations, upon Comparison, appear to agree with the Account from the Custom-house, referred to the Committee.

Mr. Roffiter further said. That he succeeded his

Father in Business. — That his House has been largely concerned in making Hats for Exportation for Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Germany. — ‘That the Spanish Trade was very considerable before the War in the Year X739. — That he has loft the Italian and Gmwara Trade. — ’I hat his House was concerned largely in the Portugal Trade, from the Year 1725 to the Year 1755 j and used to export Hats thither, to the Amount of 8 or £. 10,000 j>er Annum.

And to Dievv the Esteem the Portuguese had for

English Hats, an Extract of a Letter from his Correspondent at Lisbon, dated Lisbon, 26th August 1749, was read to your Committee, and is as follows; " We " again return you many Thanks for your further Promise of supplying no other House here with Hats, but " ours, while the Fleet is with us; the Obligation you " lay on us is great; and nothing we wish more than " your making of it complete, by favouring us in the " like Manner, on all other Occasions; in regard to " which, having expressed ourselves fully in ours of " the 12 th Ultimo, we have nought to add now, only to " give you fresh Assurance we can expend all the " Hats you can send to this Market; and that we " should be much more obliged to you to enlarge our " Quantity, by at least a Thousand Pounds a Year, " than be confined to what we are usually supplied " with. — The Consumption we meet with now for the " Fleets is cohfiderably more than we ever knew; " and we have reason to imagine it will encrease every " Year, in which same we fear you will not be able to " furnish us sufficietitly; we are sensible how much less " the Expence is when the said Fleets are not here; " however, we should have no Manner of Difficulty (if " obliged to it) to keep by us a Parcel of Cafes, as " we are sure of their not remaining many Months on " our Hands; in these Cjrcumstances we beg the .* Liberty of entreating you, in a very earueft Manner, " you will give up the Thoughts of supplying more " any other House in this Place with your Goods. We " are emboldened once more to aik this Favour, by 15

" experiencing some Inclination in you towards it in " one of your late Letters."

Mr. Roffiter further said. That Beaver Hats were a Staple Article of Commerce in and that the Hats required in that Trade are large irt the Brim, and weighty, like those formerly worn by out Bishops and Clergy. — That besides what they require for their own Consumption, the Portuguese fend large Quantities to the Brazils-, and the Spaniards to their rich. South Sea Settlements.-' — That it was chiefly in that Trade the French had made their great Confiimp-tion of Beaver.

That he produced a Letter, dated Cadiz, 2-0.September, x 763, out of which the following Extract was read: " It must be of great Benefit to the Nation, " to introduce this Article e. Beaver Hats) here,

" especially if they could give them cheaper and finer, " as or 5 People here, that deal in nothing else, assure " me they would take oft’ 1,000 Dozens a Year."

And he produced another Letter, dated tft November, 1763, out of which the following Extract was read: " But it is the Opinion they have the For " cheaper in France now than from; for

" which Reason the Lords of Trade ought to take " proper Measures to hinder the French from underfelling them with their own'Products in foreign Markets, by laying a proportionable Duty on the " Fur exported from Engla; it is incredible what " Money France got yearly by this Branch."

Then Mr. Roffiter produced another Letter, dated 6th April, 1751, out of which the following Extract was read: "We have a long while been most " sensibly concerned to fee so extraordinary Run on " French Hats; and we act'ure you, if the Shop*

keepers could be sufficiently supplied with them,

" hardly any other would meet with Expence, efpedaily those of 12 s.upwards; the only Cry now in " Town is French Hats, no other are demanded from F ourCustomers; and what is to be lamented, a great " Part of our Factory wear no other; which Circurafiance alone is very prejudicial. — In Ihcrt, we have " not now Time t.o represent this ugly Affair in its " true Light; but this you may intirely rely on, that " if your Endeavour for Redress in this Grievance do " not meet with Success, the Consequence will be very " fatal, and felt by the Nation, very probably, when too " late to be remedied; for we shall not in the leatt be " surprised to fee, in a few Years’ Time, no other " Hats for Sale in this Place, but those from;

in which Branch they are daily making Improve*

" ments, and of Courl'e mutt cut us out if the de*

" manded Assistance from the Government be not " granted."

And Mr. Roffiter further said, That he had intirely loft the Portugal Trade, and a considerable Sum of

Money in attempting to recover it. — That he had sent a small Parcel last Year, to try the Market; and he produced a Letter from his Correspondent at dated 20th December, 1763, out of which the following Extract was read: " The Box of Sample Hats,

" by Captain Allen, still remains unfold; I have flrewn " them to the principal Shopkeepers in this City. — e‘ Their Quality they seem to like very well, hut they " all complain they are too dear; and assuredmeit " was a Miracle when they fold an English Hat, for " that the whole Cry of the People was for French " Hats, for none others would fell, except those of the " Fabrick of Pombal."

Mr. William Smith, Hatmaker, said, He had been many Years in the Trade, and that lor the First Twenty Years his chief Business was with Captains and Mates of Ships to Portugal and — -That from the Year 1740 to the Year 1750, he had exported Hats to Russia and Sweden to the Amount of 3,145 13*. oil. but that about the Year 1752 the Russia Court laid a Duty on Hats, amounting nearly to a Prohibition. —

4 Geo. III. 5° Marta. Ob}

Hat That he exported to Pduring the same Period,

,t Manufacture. to Amount ofjt.zyjz 3^. but that of late Years l* he has not exported to the Value of 20 a Year.

Mr. Rojiter further said, That he had formerly paid from to £. 500 per Month, Wages, when wholly in the foreign Trade* but that now* having loft most of his foreign Trade, and being concerned in the Country and Colony Trade of this Kingdom* he only pays from zoo to £. 250 Wages per Month; that from the Cheapness of Labour in France, and the Prejudice of foreign Buyers, upon Account of the Drawback upon Beaver, it will be impossible for us to regain the so-reign Trade, without the Aid of Parliament.

.> To prove the Establishment of a Manufacture in

Portugal, Laurence F Esquire, who redded in Portugal Thirty Years, said. That the have

lately established a Manufactory for fine Hats.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. And,

, L Mr. Rubinfon, Broker, informed your Committee,

'L that he had exported Beaver Skins to Portugal, and

about 6 or 7000 to Spain; the greatest Part of the latter was within these Six Weeks.

And Mr. Ro/Jiter further informed your Committee, that he had received a Hat from of the Portu-

guefe Manufacture, and that it was coraposed partly of Beaver.

And being asked, Whether any thing would answer the same Purpose as Beaver?

': He said, That the Furs of Rabbits, and Hares’

I; and Turkey Goats’ Wool, and Vigonia Wool, and

other Furs, might beufed in Hats, but that there was: nothing he knew, or had ever heard of, which had the

vFineness and Fitness for making tine Hats, or that could be substituted in the Stead of Beaver. l" And being atked, Whether we could use all the

1 Beaver imported, in same the Exportation was prohi-

bited

He said. He made no Doubt but we could. a-.- To prove that Numbers of Journeymen Hatters

i - were out of Employ, Mr. Philip Cox, Hat-maker, said.

That during the late War he had employed daily from 80 to 100 Journeymen; and that he does not now tie employ half that Number. — That he has had Twenty

Journeymen come to him of a Day for Work, whom , c he could not employ; and he added, that nothing

r; could be substituted in the Room of Beaver, to make

1 a line Hat.

t/, Mr. Rojiter further said. That at this Time, and for several Months pall, great Numbers of Jouriiey-fnen Hatters have been out of Employ. — That they daily come to him for Work, which he is not able to furnish them with, the foreign Trade being in a Manner loft. — That the Journey men threaten to go abroad.

M which will be an irretrievable Loss to the

Hat Manufacture, as there are some Branches in the Workman ship that we greatly exceed Foreigners in.

1That great Numbers of Women are employed in the Hat Manufactory, and some Thousands of Jourr J neymen, besides Dyers, Makers of Blocks, and other

Vtenfils, necessary for the Manufacture.

And a Member present informed your Committee, That he had leen a Journeyman Hatter, who had escaped from France, and who informed him he had "f been decoyed to Lyons, and there detained by

Force.

Mr. Oliphant, Hat-maker, said. That the Name

of the Person before mentioned was Joseph Davis;

and that he had been his Journeyman; and that upon his Elopement he pursued him to Colchester, where he was informed he w’as engaged to go to Ghant, from whence he was sent. to Lyons, where a Manufactory of 1 - Hats w’as established; and where, he has been informed,

they are allowed Two Apprentices, with a considerable Premium.

Yq4. ag.

And being asked the Question, he said. That if all the Beaver was retained in this Country, he had no Doubt but we could manufacture it.

Ordered, That the said Report, and alfd the said Petitions, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hotife, to whom it is referred to confides further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of Francis Smart, Ldrd of the Manor of Staindrop

Snotferton, in the County of Durham, was presented to Inclosure. the House, and read; Taking Notice, That, a Bill is depending in the House for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Common, called StaindMoor* within the Township of Staindrop, in the county of ;

and that it is alleged in the said Bill* that the Earl Of Darlington is Lord of the Manor of Ruby, and as such. claims the Soil of the said Common, or Moor, as Parcel of and belonging to the said Manor; and that the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Snotlerton; and as such, claims to be intitled to the Soil of the said Common, or Moor; or to that Effect; and setting forth, that the dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Moor, will be of great Prejudice to the Petitioner’s Property; and that he hopes the said Bill shall not pass into a Law, until the Right to the Soil of the said ’ Common, or Moor, be determined at Law, between the said Earl and the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House, that he may be heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pais iutoa Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Carysfort, from the Commissioners for

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Lord Papers

to Mr. Stephens, dated on board His Majesty’s Ship respectingtbr the Romney, in Halifax Harbour, the 14th of October Tnde^1 1763:

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Lord Colvill to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Romney, in Halifax Harbour, the 25th October 1763:

Extract of a Letter from Captain alter Sterling,

Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the Rainbow, tp Mr. Stephens, dated in James River, Virginia, December the 8 th, 1763:

Extract of a Letter from Richard Esquire,

Rear Admiral of the White, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Princess LouiJ'a, in St. John's Road, Antigua, 13th December 1763:

Extract of a Letter from Captain Robert Paul, in the Fourth Regiment, to Rickard Tyrrell, Esquire,

Rear Admiral of the White, dated Oncjigany, St.

Vincents, November zzd, 1763, inclosed in Rear Admiral Tyrrell's Letter of the 13th December

*763:

Extract of a Letter from Richard Tyrrell, Esquire,

Rear Admiral of the White, to Mr. Stephens, dated in St. John's Road, Antigua, zzt] December 1763.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mi*. Accomptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the

10 X Society

908

6® Mar Hi.

A 1764.

Supply.

Ways

and

Meant.

Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st -

kwr 176a, to 31st December 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day, far the House to resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to l lis Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Ami the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wf ft Haddon Inclefure.

The other Order of the day being read, for the Se. cond Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West in

the County of Northampton;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in Aud the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of John Underzooood and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of I^and in the Parish of Haddon,' in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was all'o read.

Arid the Counsel against the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Half an Hour after Four of the Clock, this Afternoon.

Mr. Dyson, from the Committee appointed to inquire

into the several Frauds and Abuses in relation to the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Portage; and to consider of the moll proper Methods of preventing the fame; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to inquire into Abul'es committed at the Post Office, by opening Inland Letters.

And Mr. Dyson moved the House accordingly.

And the Queliion being put. That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to inquire into the several Frauds and Abuses committed in relation to the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Portage; and to consider of the most proper Methods of preventing the fame; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; that they have Power to inquire into Abuses committed at the Poll Office, by opening Inland Letters; it passed in the Negative.

Wei Hadden The Order made this Day, for the further hearing of

InclosuK. contvfel upon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste

Abuses in the Foil Office.

Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Haddon, in the County of Northampton, at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock, this Afternoon, being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel against the Bill were further heard, and examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of John Underwood and others, whole Name* are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the Parish of West Haddon, in the County of

Northamjyton, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr, Speaker opened the Bill.

And the said Bill was edminitted to Mr. Montagu, Mr. Harbord, Sir Charles Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Dyson, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Midleton, Mr. Sir

Edmund Ijkam, Mr. TownshendSir Mr,

Penton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Sir Thomas Cave,

Mr Hervey, Mr Gray, Mr. Shafloc, Lord Grey, Mr.

Prefcot, Wv.Lascelles, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Edward Mr. Har-

vey, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Cocks, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Edmon/tone, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Dempster, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Anthony Abdy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Ijsicester, Warwick, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 6° Martii \

Anno 4® Georgii III'U Regis, 1764

Prayers.

O HA NN Jacob Uckerman and John Haufsr took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Natviralixa-

7

tion.

Ordered, That Mr. Erie Dr Mr Colond

Nugent, Mr. Boone, Mr. Colleton, be added to the Cofn-mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of ^wg/aw/to-purchaselloufeeand Ground, for opening a Railage for Carriages from Corn-hill to the Bank, and making more eommodioas few-ral other Passages leading thereto; atxl for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious-; is committed.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extmguishing the Right of Ccuanum in, over, and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and ParifJV of Bromley, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Persons m-terested in the said Lands had signed their Content to the Bill, except about Seventy, and most of them declared they were indifferent whether the Bill pnflfed or not; and that the whole Number of Persons mterelledare about 250, who had all been applied to, except about

Twelve,

P

rrD

Bui

of

Ba

v!

kc

BwtJpt

lack*

4 Geo. III. 6° Marta. 909

W

"-Papers

[pecting

the

mtrican

Trade.

i:

A

S I,.

\H

T

rv j/;

.to

k

V

who could not be met with; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to thelloufe; and Ire read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Charles Sixncer prefetrted to the House, pui-suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from Governor Fitch, to the Earl of Egremont, Norwalk, Connecticut, 14th September

1763:

Extract ofia Letter from Lieutenant Governor Colden, to the Earl of Egremont, New York, 14th September 1763‘-

Extract of a. Letter from Sir Jeffrey Amlierst, to the Earl of Egremont, New York, 1 jth September 176.3:

Extract of a Letter from Governor Murray to the Earl of Egremont, Quebec, Canada, 47th September

z7%

Extract of a Letter from Governor TPilmat, to the Earl of Egremont, Halffax, Nova Scotia, 17 tli October'

1763:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Wenticprth, to the Earl of Egremont, Forffmouth, New- Ha mpshire, aoth October 1703:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard, to> the Earl of Egremont, Bojton, M Bay, 25th October 1763:

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor to the Earl of Egremont, Grenada, 7th November 1763;

Copy of a Letter from Governor Boone, to the Secretary of State for the Southern Department,

tmvn, South Carolina, 23d November 1765;. itrdo-iing,

Title and Preamble of an Act to regulate? the Coaltrng Trade of the Province of South Carolina.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And. thefakl Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie 11 pom the Table, to be perused by the Members of thus House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst ftha other Papers of this Seflicm.

li/jps, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edward Tur-

ner, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Staffordi and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Newnham, in the County eg Northampton,

was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Prat, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cnjt, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Mr. nolle. Sir

liam Meredith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Foncrectu, Sir Kendrick , Mr.

Colonel Filzroy, Mr. Boone, Sir Edward Mr. Reynolds, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butler, Sin Charles Mordaunt,. Mr. Burrell, Lord Doume, Mr. Butler, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Tudway, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Shifjf

Tier, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Sergi/bn, S\c Edward Turner, Mr. Town field, Mr. Clive,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. LafceUes, Mr. Major, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and Leicester: And they are te

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing: and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon*, and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton:, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. BuUer, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Fonereau,

Sir William CadringLon, Mr, Harbord, Sir

Mr. Fuller, Lord Royfion, Mir. Kynaston, Mr. York, Mb. Shfffner, Me. Gray, Mr. Sergifbn, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Townshend, Laid Grey, Me. Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Mr. Pr«feot, S\r Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Lafc Mf. Montagu, Mil. Clive, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Matyneux, Mr. Gori, Mr., Whkhcol, Mr. mid all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

rackley

' -'Bank

to

' (rewttniry ' ' Road.

ft1

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the Firli, and of the Third of his late Majesty, lor repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horse Shoe in Ueking ton, to Ltmgnor Green; and also from the West End of Atcham, Bridge, to the Cross I loufes upon the Bridgnorth Turnpike Road, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, Lord C7m<yMr. Gwynne, Mr. Pmet/,.Mr. Mr.

John Buller, Colonel Hobart, Mr. Janies Butler, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Mackioorth, Lord George , Mr.

Herbert, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Hunter, Lord George Manners, Mr. Scaicen, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Mo-ntagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Robinson, General Bofcawen, Mr. Skiff-

ner. Sir Charles Keinys Tynte, Mr. Prefcolt, Mr. C/ioi-mendeley, Mr. Sergifon, Lord AUaz, Mr. Afo/or, Marqui8 of Granby, Mr. Sandys, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Ayt-naflon, General J’Coifrt, Mr. Fitzherbert, GeneralG'raie-surd, Mr. Waljh, Colonel F Whickcot, Lord

Robert Manners, Mr. Lascelles, Colonel , Mr.

Chaplin, Colonel Montgomery, Mr. Gray, Sir John Phi-Vol. 29.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so muck of an Act of the 29 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, Leading from the Town of Teiokef-btey, in the County of Glaucesler, as relates to the First District of the Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road from a Place called Comb Hill., to a Bridge at or near Norton Mill, being Part of the Road from Tewkesbury to die City of Gloucester; was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Mr. Skiffher, S\t Edmund f/ham, Mr. Butler, Mr. Clkie, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Praed, Sit Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sliuftoe, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Prat, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Tracey, Mr DeLaval, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. WiUiraham Bootle, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Pentoity Lord Boston, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wlut-wortft, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Sir

William Bee uehanip ProSlor, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. cot i agd ah the Members who fe*ve for the Counties

Newnham

inclosure.

Evcrdmr

Inclosure.

Tcwkefbary

Road*

o i o 6° Martil; A. 1764.

of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Somerset, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bideford A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of

Road*. Monkleigh, Littleham, Aand was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand that Bideford, for the better repairing of the Roads, in their intended Bill for that Purpose, design to place a Turnpike Gate at Monkleigh Town, directly in the Petitioners’ Road to

rington; and that the Petitioners, in their Way to Great Torrington, travel on the intended Turnpike

Road, not a full Tenth Part of a Mile, so that it would be mighty inequitable to subject them to the Payment of a Toll for travelling in that Road so little a Way: And therefore praying, That no Turnpike Gate may be erected at Monkleigh Town, or elsewhere in their Road to Great Torrington.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Newport Gilbert presented to the House, according to Or-

Inclosure. der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Waste Ground, called the Marsh, in the Township of Newport, in the County of Salop; and applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wa ford Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee," to whom

Poor. the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor hi the Hundred of Wang ford, in the County of Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Piper’s Inn, The Lord Coleraine reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, In-Road’ habitants of the County of Somerset, and others having

Occasion to travel the Roads between Bath,. Wells, and Bridgewater, and other Western Parts of, this Kingdom, was referred. That the Committee had examined thcMatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Fortrey, Esquire, and Mr. James Bidlecombe, being examined, said, That if the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Pari fh of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells w'ere impowered to add a new Branch of Road out of the present Turnpike Road leading from towards the^ Foot of Glaj Hill, and falling into the said Turnpike Road at or near the Turnpike Gate

*7

now erected, not far from the Bottom of the said Hill; and to alter ami turn the Road leading from Wells to the 'Fop of Rnjh Mill, in such Manner as should at any Time hereafter appear to them lyoli convenient, it might be the Means of shortening the Distance of, and avoiding several steep Hills, and would be of general Advantage to all Persons travelling the said Roads.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury awl Wells, to the White Poll in the great Western Road to the City of Bath-, and from Wells to BuJ/i Hill, leading to the City of Bristol-, and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells-, is committed;

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clause9, to enable the Trustees, if they think proper, to turn or alter the Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, between Wells and Rush Hill, and between awl Piper’s Inn, and to add a new Branch of Road, out of the present Turnpike Road leading from Wells towards the Foot of Glastonbury Hill, avoiding the Steep of the said Hill, and falling into the said Road at or near the Turnpike now erected, not far from the Bottom of the said Hill, on the other Side thereof.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act iwa for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Apes Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted youngChildren, and Robert Ncdhant, Esquire, deceased, relating to an El’tate in the llland devised by

the Will of Henry Nedham, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Refclvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr; Peter Burrell, Mr. Lads,

Mr. Cuff Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Bejl, Sir William

Meredith, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Sir Thornes Cave, Mr. Fitzherbert. Mr.

monjtone, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Baker, Mr. Bidler, Mr,

Drax, Mr. Forrcjler, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Norris, Mr Mr.

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. ToiMr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr. llarbord,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Morant; and all the Members who servefbr the Counties of MiddlefYork, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Wd

son, Mr. George Dclaval, S\r John Turner, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr Vane, Mr. Ruby

Vane, Sir William Meredith, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Mr. Molyneux reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road tk<j from a Place near the Village of through Hjfc*

mere, to the P or if mouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

4 Geo III.

PMm-

Qt

ifi *t the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wqre turned, relating to Sail Cloth, and to the Duties

once read throughout ;and then a Second Time, One payable on Foreign Sail Clothto the ^Allowance; by One; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon the Exportation of mKde Gunoowder; and

upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Hill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

for giving farther Riiebur&^emenl/dr thelmpodation of Naval Stores from the , British Colonies hi America: And the same was received; and- read tlte tit’ll Time. Hefolvedj That the Bill be read a Secdlid Time;

Great

Wiglton

Inclpfure

it:.

, T

in

(4

t

It,

v-

p,

Derby

Road*.

Laws r< kiting to Pilots,

Expiring

Laws.

Colonel Fitzroy reported from the Committee; td whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the liupdred of Mutford ana Lo thing -

A Bill fir dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Great Wigstojt, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palme?-, Sir Thomas.Cave, Sir E l?nand //ham, Mr Rid- in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That

ley, Sir CJurrlcs Mordautit, Mr. Hunter, Lord Coleraine, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Mr. Reynolds, Mr Gore, Mr. Kmia/ton, Mr . Ohoell, Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-

lMr. o/iereau. Lord Midlelan, , Mr. Parker, Sir John mittee bad gone through the Bill; and made several Glynne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys,.Sir Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Mr. Buller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Town- to report to the House; and he read the Report ill his

Francis Vincent J/iend, Mr. Vane, Mr. Farre/ler, Hit.William Meredith, Mr. Fuller, Sir jarrit Smith, Mr, Gray, Lord Grey,

' Mr. Curzon, Lord Harrington, Mr. Lord

Broicnhm Bertie, Mr Clia/j/ii)Sir; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o Wanvick, Northampton, and Surrey: And they are to

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the' Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, tipctn the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the HouseAnd several

meet this Afternoon, at Five , of the Clock, in the Amendments, were made, by the House, to the Bill

Newport’*

Estate*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ‘

The Lord Carysfyrt, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Gr'eal-presented to fhq House, porfuant to their Order, ‘ ‘

An Account of thq Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which have 'been delivered in to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of a R^solution of the honourable House of Commons of'6th Mr/.Fitxherbert. reported from the Copinftttee, to Februaij/\aftt t . /

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That-Sir Walter. Blacke Mr, Vane, General Lambfon, Mr. Tcmpejt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Da-mcr; Lord Caryxfort, Mr. Chafe Pryfe, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingnofl’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled,- An Act for impowering the Committee or Committees for the Time being, of the Estate of Johte Newport, Esquire,. a Lunatic, to make Leale6 of his Estates during his Lunacy, is committed.

- whom the Bill for repairing and widening tl^; Roads from the West End of a Street in the Town of Derby* called tire Bridge Gatev oyejr the River in the County of Derby, and from thence, through Eajhvood to the Town of Mansfield, in tfte County of Nottingham and from Eajkcood aforesaid, to the West F.nd of the Town of Nuttball, in the said County of Nottingham; was re-committed; That the Committee hadmade several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-p . t in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevr rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fuller presented, to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Lavvrs, lor the better regulating of Pilots lor the conducting of Ships.and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Me of ,up the

River of Thames and Medway, relating to the Landing

of Rum or Spirits of tire Sugar Plantations,

before the Duties of F.xcise are paid thereou, and to the furl her Puriishment of Perfops going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Lxeife, and to the Relief*of the Officers of the Custotus, in, Informations u\vonS<'izures; and foe grafting a Liberty to carry.Sugars of the Growth, Produce, jor Manufae-ture, of any of His M:j jesty's §pgur Colonies, ^ireetly, into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, aim ir.cvigated according to Law; and for puuilfnng Per-iotts who shall damage of /rleftyov any Banks, Floodgates, Sluicoa, ot other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament: Aud the same was received-, and read the First Time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing certain Laws therein mep-

Vol. 29. r

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, so be peiuled by the Members of the House. r

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.-

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Comihon Council assembled. Was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter offad contained in the said Petition ;. and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact, contained in the ' Petition, is as follows:

Several Acts of Parliament of the 29th and 31st Years of the Reign of George the Second; and another made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, were read; whereby it appeared, the Petitioners were impowered to improve, widen, and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, in Manner as in thet said Acts is directed; and also to enlarge and improve the North Eall Avenue of the said Bridge; and for applying a Sum of Money, then granted, for the Service of the said Bridge.

Then in order to ffiew how much Money had been received and paid by the Trustees, for executing the said Acts; ,

" Mr. Peter Roberts, Clerk to the Trustees; produced to your Committee a particular State of the Monies so received and paid, together with the Vouchers for the lame: And it appears to yctur Committee* that ft nee the passing the said First Ad to the 47th Day of January tali, the Petitioners have received by the Province of the Tolls given by the said Act, by Sale of Materials of Houses taken down, and by sundry Grants from Parliament,' £.79,395. 15. iof exclusive of

£6,391. 2. 6. which, upon the burnjifg of the first 10 Y ' ' Temporary-

Mutford

and

Lotbinglaod

Poor.

Accoiiht} Navy; See. Hills.

LondoH

Bridge:

'o i 2 6° Martii: A. 1764,

"temporary Bridge, was conditionally borrowed of the Bridge-house Estate, and being added thereto, make together the Sum of £.85,786. 18. 44. and that the Bills fof the Works already done amount to the Sum of £ 103,298.. 16- 5 4. which being added to the $u*i; of £ 1387. 16. 2. the Estimate for the Works remaining to be done, make together the Sum of£. 104,686. 12. 71. whereby there is a Deficiency ef £.18,899. 14. 34. unprovided for; and which . now remains due and unpaid, exclusive of the said Sum: of £.6391. 2. 6. borrowed of the Bridge-house Estate as aforesaid.

And the Witness said, That £. 20,000 of the whole Expenditure was not, or could possibly be considered in the Surveyor’s Estimate, which was produced to a Committee of this House in the Year 1758, after . the First Temporary Bridge was burnt.

And Mr. Dance, and Mr. Taylor, Surveyors, confirmed Mr. Roberts's Evidence; and said. That the Trustees had contracted for the Works, upon the lowest Terms they could; and particularly said. That the same had been performed for less Money than the Surveyors had estimated the said Works at.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

London Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge the Petition of the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterwor *' Water-works, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof . to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows;

Mr. Richard Hern, One of the Collectors of the Rents for the said Proprietors, produced to the Committee a List of Persons’ Names who occupied Houses upon London Bridge; and who, before their Houses were pulled down, in pursuance of the Act for improving and widening the said Bridge, were furnished,

with Water from the Petitioners’ Water-works; by

which it appeared, that the Rent paid to the Petitioners, by the Persons whole Houses were already pulled down, amounted to £.90. 10s. a Year; and he further informed your Committee, That Five Houses more were to be pulled down, which now pay £. 5 a Year; so that the whole Lots to the Petitioners will amount to £.93. 1 or. per Annum.

To prove the Petitioners’ Loss from the taking down One of the Piers, in order to turn Two Arches into One, whereby the Velocity of the Current was reduced,

Mr. George Foley, Secretary to the Proprietors of the Water-works, produced to your Committee a Book, wherein an accurate Account is kept of the Number of Resolution,s made by the Wheel in each Tide; which Account he informed your Committee was regulated by an Index fixed to one of the Wheels; and by this Account it appeared, that in December 1761 the Engine made from 2 and 3000 Strokes in a Day; and that in December 1762, at some times no more than 700: which Decreale of Power the Witness laid, was occasioned by removing the Pier.

In order to- prove the Loss incurred by the Petitioners, from this Deleft in their Works,

Mr. Rwhard Hern, Mr. William Hunter, Mr. Thomas . Willis, and Mr. Hugh Owen, Collectors for the Pro-

prietors, produced their several Accounts to the Committee, whereby it appeared, that the Proprietors had loft Tenants to the Amount of the annual Rent of £. 106. 18. o. on account of their Inability to supply them with Water, occasioned by the removing the said Pier.

Then Mr. George Folei/ produced to your Committee an Account, whereby it appeared, that the Proprietors of the WaUr-works had been at an extraordinary Expence of £. 370. for. t yi.in Working a Fire Eugino, to suppl^ the Loss of VYater occasioned by the turning the said Two Arches of the Bridge into One:

So that the whole of the Petitioners’ Loss appeared as follows:

From Houses pulled down, and to be pull- £. s. d.

ed down, per Ann. - - - 95 10 0

By Loss of Tenants, for Want of Water,

per Ann. - - - 106 18 0

Total per Annum,£. 202 8 0

Besidea. the Sum of £. 370. 10. 5. on Account of the Fire Engine.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Cl® indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to in- m"5a demnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Sarnie presented to the House, iccording Kinffa to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the SP"a-Powers of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the Reign jJ\ of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverky, in the East Riding of the County of lVi; and for repairing the Road from Neuland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottinghaw, in the said Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House CM being read; lkci)®

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ho:»fc, to Fib consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others his Majesty’s British Subjects concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred.;

Re/blved, That this House will, upon T/iurfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ch# whole House, to consider further of an Act, made in the 26th Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kyncijlonreported from the Committee, That they

had directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of thg Clock.

F

k

w

In

k

in

it

V- 4 Geo. III.

r1' . .

"; Mercuf'iiy;

r ’

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1764.

PRAYERS.

ijr - ,

-v Stkimirop Ti yTR. Vane report?d from thee Committee, to . IndftAif*. iVl the Biff for dividing and inclosing a Moor or 1... Common, called Staindrop Moor, within the Town*

<hip of Staindrop, in the County of was

7, committed; That the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent jjt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Francis Smart, Esquire, who claims to be Lord of

the Manor, and is possessed of Lands valued at £. 129 a Year in the said Township, who was heard, by his Counsel, before the Committee; and also except topher Earl, who has £. 3 a Year, and Robert Earlt who has /.4a Year, within the said Township, who had both been applied to, and refused to sign the Bill, I but said, they had no Objection thereto; and that the

1 whole Township is valued at 1547. 5 per Annum)

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, -and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: J; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

*';* and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by '} the House.

1 ;i A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

" " directing the assessing of Darnages by Justices of the

Peace.

i;1 And the said Clause was once read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till 'I'o-morrow Morning.

xZ West Ordered, That Mr. Wilbrabam Bootle, Mr. Herne, Haddon Mr. Butler, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ward, Sir Ijiciofure. William Maynard, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

1 Foley, Mr. Shiftier, be added to the Committee, to

:H.* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste

.;7> Ground, in the Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in

the County of Northampton, is committed.

t "

y Wartn*by An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the liM-l.iiure. Open and Common Fields of in the County of Leieej'er, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Wartnaby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'it. Mirg-ir*, An ingrotTed Bill for dividing and inclosing several ‘ ’j^iofure'1 Common and Open Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Iskester, in ?'* the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common and Open Fields and Meadows in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of heketler.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at tile Table.

V-oi. 29. .:

70 Martit. 913

Ordered, That Lord George Sutton do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.Lafcetles repdrted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and Widening the Road from Tinjlby, in the County of York, to the Town of Don-easter in the said County; was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to . the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by thd House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledger’s Ashby, in the County of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties contented had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except George Arnold, Esquire, who is Owner of One Half Yard Land, and some Odd Lands, in the said Fields; and that the whole of the said Fields is about Thirty-two Yard Lands, and Three Quarters of a Yard Land, and some odd Lands); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, to take an Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Whetstone, in the County of Leicejlet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands and a Quarter, and Two Cottage Commons, who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of Forty-nine Yard Lands and an Half and Half a Quarter, and Twenty-six Cottage Commons); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Tinsley

Road.

Ledgers

Aftiby

Inclosure.

iWhethoh*

Inclosure.

914 *j° 17^4.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the ingrossed. County of Derby, refitting near, and usually travelling

the High Roads therein after mentioned, lyinginthe said LwnWth Sir* Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to County, whose Names are thereunder written j were

and arhbm the Bill for. enlarging the Term and Powers severally referred; That the Committee had examined iToadJ00 by an Act passed in the 24th Year of the the Matters of the said Petitions; (no Evidence was

Reign of his iat Majesty, intituled, An Act for mak- called in Support of the Petition of the Manufacturers ing< widening, -and keeping in Repair,‘fevered Roads and Artificers of the Town of Nottingham, whose in fbe several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, St. Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of the GeorgeSouthwark, and 'Bermondsey, in the County of poor Manufacturers arid Artificers of the Fame Totfn;

'Surrey and Lewi/ham,'ill the County of Kentj and for or for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Jigffiing and watching the said Roads; was committed; others, living in and nearthe Town of Derby, orfortbe Thacthe Committee had examined the Allegations of Petition of the Mortgagees of the Tolls arising, or the Bill, and" fourid the same to be true; and that the to be collected, upon the Road from Chappel Bar, near Committeehadgptie through the Bill, and madefeveral the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to ^Yea-Amendments thereunto; which they had d irected him in the County of Derby, whose Names are sub-

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his fen bed; or for the Petition of several Persons, whose Plitcej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Names are thereunto subscribed, who have lent Money . Amendments',; in at the Clerk’s Table; Where t|ie upon the Credit of an Act, passed in the 3id Year of jArftfcndinents were once read throughout; and ther* a the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Soedfid Time, Ope by Orte; and, upon the Question repairing and widening the Roads from CVicr/i/ir/Bar, near severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the West End of the d own of , to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be; and from the Four Lane Ends near

ingrafted. to Ashburn; and from the Cross Post on Wirkfiior’Ji

' Moor, to join the Road leading from to

Cnckly \ . A-Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, ajid Chapped en at or near Long stun, in the County

Bank /otherS.^residing in and near the Roads thereiia-ad’ter of Derby-, and from to Amejley , in

Shrewthury Vft*en|iofted, was presented to the House, and »read ;. the County of Nottingham; or for the Petition of the Road. Settirtg forth. That The Petit ioners being informed, Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the Borough of ..that a Petition has-been presented to the House, fora Bill- Newark upon Trent, in the county of ; or

’ ;to qvJMgedie Term and Powers of Two former Aids,. for the.Petition of the.Gentlemen,-Clergy, and prin-

for repairing the Road from CraeklyBank, in the Iforjlh cipal Inhabitants of the Town of Bingham, in (lie of 'Shiftkull, in the County of Salop, to the Town, of County of Nottingham, and of the adjacent Towns in .? Shrcdcsbury; aftd'also a Road branching-out- of the the Vale of Belvoir, in the Counties of Xottingham anA said Road from Watling Street, to Cal hall Rank, in the whose Names are thereunto subscribed; refer-

,; said Cwuty; and for repairings, oilier Roads thqrein. red also to the said Committee) and had directed him ..mentioned; and that the Road leading from Cat hall to report the fame, as they appeared to, them, to the jBan^'aforelahl, through Shrewsburyand IFepi, to £#<»/- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and p.m&fim the said County, and also the Road branching afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric's Table; Where - but of the last mentioned Road, between Morton and the'fauie was read; and ifc as folio weth; viz.

(. Waiver ley, through lopping ton, to the Turnpike Road In Support of the Allegations of the First mentioned between Shreusbury and Ellc/inerein Bitrleton, in the Petition, Mr. Thomas being examined, said,

said, County; 'are. very-ruinous, and, in the Winter' That, the Road leading from Brttmeote Odd House,

; , J^c-aldh, io very bad/that Carriages cannot pals n itbput ., through TroyxU, in the County of Nottingham, and great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by.;the through llkestone, 11 I Coodhoyfe, and

t . ordinary Course of I>aw, be effectually amended, and t Lane End,: which jofos the Turnpike Road

kept in Repair: And therefore praying the House, leading from o and from

j that.. Pi Qvilfon ntav be niade irt: the same Bill, for the Lane End to, llkejtone , and a|so the Road leading from more effectual repairing the said Roads; or to grant Troivell, through Woollaton, to the Town i’uch other Relief as to the House shall feeni meet. , are in a ruinous Condition, and are not pitiable for Ordered, That tile said Petition'be referred to the loaded Carriages in the Winter Season; and cannot be IConfuleration of a Committee: And that tiny dpexa- repaired by the Statute Labour, and Sixpence in the Mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Pound.

shall appear to them, to the House: \ That the Paid Roads are, in fume Parts, so vcrWr-

And it is referred to Mr. Kynajhm, Sir Anthony Abdy, row. That'I wo Carriages cannot pals; and that, in Mr*. Plumptre, Sir Charles Mar daunt-, 'Sir.Slt/Jf'ner, Mr. other Places, Two Horses cannot, but with the utmost

.; Dowde/well, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fits Difficulty, pass each other; and that it will be necessary herbcrP, Mr. dray, Mr. Sundys,i Mr. Laurence, Mr. to widen the Rond in many Places.

-. Trice, Lord-6’rcy. Mr. Temptjt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, That the* said Road is frequently liable to be orer-

I.. Mr Southwell;Mr. WilbralumfBootle, Mr Shuttleworth,.flowed, which will render it necessary to build a Briilre.

;. Sir Francis Tineetii, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Winning- — That the repairing the Road from Nottingham to

tdn, JSh; Bacort, Sir John Philipps; Mr. Iozcndcs, Mr. Wollaton Par k Wall, exclusive of building a Bridge, Bjtiler, Si t Jyhn (Hynne, Mr. Parker, Lord Orwell, Sir may be well done for 3 or 400 Pounds; and from 1 Alewnder GUmour, Lord Howe; and all the Members Woollaton Park Corner to the Wheat Sheaf on Trane who serve for the Count its oi Salop, Stafford, Hertford, Moor,.which is about Two Miles, cannot be repaired and Chester , and for the Principality of Wales,: for less than /.400 a Mile; and from the Wheat Sheaf

.* And, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the on Trout’ll Moor, to llkejtone, which he imagines to be Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber; and have Power to about Three Miles, will eoft about jf.300 per Mile, to ..fend for Pei:lbn>, Papers, and Records. repair it; and to repair the Road from Common

1 . to will cod about 550 Mile;

Bramcotr: 1 - M r. Sandytreporter] from die Committee, to whom ami from Horsley to Open Wood Gate, which

Odd Hoofey ihe Petition- of the Gentlemen, Cjergy, Fretdwdders, is about Three Miles, cannot be repaired for left than ,*c‘, V' and Inliabjtants of the Towns of Nottingham, >Ilke/lon, per Mile; and that it will be also nrceflhrv to

foveraj other To.v$ us and Places in the Comities of . purchase Lands, to widen and llraitcn the Road; and Nottingham and dJerby, whose Names are.tiiereunto from Open Wood Gate to Bilper IJane Ernl, will cost "... substrib 'il; and also the Petitio'u of the Gentlemen, /. 1 no per Mile; and from Bramcote QddJiouft to

19

4 Geo.. III. y° Marfii. o 15

Trowell Town, cannot be repaired for less than jf. ago per Mile.

And being asked, what was the usual Price Of Coals at Nottingham, he laid, — For Two or Three Years Jail

they have been fold for 5 of 6d. or 7 d. per Hundred;

— and have not been under 6rf. ill (lie Winter, but in the Summer have been bought for less.

That the Price, last Winter, was from yd. to Zd. and the Witness thinks they will be above 6 per Horn dred next Winter, if the Roads are not repaired. — That he has frequently known Coals sold at Nottingham for 4 d. per Hundred.

That if the Iload to Eash and Bit-borough, was opened, the Witness thinks Coals may be bought at Nottingham for 6 d.- per Hundred in the

Winter.

Mr. Francis Radford being examined, said, That the Road from Nottingham to Ilkejtone is very ruinous, and narrow, and itnpallable for Carriages in the Winter: — That iu many Plages Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and, in some Places, a Horse cannot pass a Carriage; and he thinks the Road cannot be repaired by the Statute Labour, and 6 d.in the Pound.

Mr Robert Barber being examined said, — That Coals are mow n%d. and 12 per Hundred Weight at Nottingham.

And being asked, what the Price was in the Three preceding Years, lie said, Not less than a Hundred in general, and 10 d. in common.

That when the Roads are in their bed State, foi\Four or Five Months in the Year, Coals are sold at 5 '§\d. and 5 ^d.per Hundred. — In the Summer Time, when

the Roads are good. Coals arefeldom above 5 per Hundred.

the Roadisnotequallygood in Summer. — The Rains sometimes hinder Farmers for a Week. — Last Summer Coals were but 5$ per Hundred.

That most of the Coal Carriers are the Farmers in the Country. Some Persons in Nottingham, called Hag-lers, carry Coals, and live by it.

And being asked, at what Time they can most conveniently employ their Teams, he said — In Summer it is inconvenient, because they have Harvest in Hand; the Hay. comes in in July, the Rye Harvest, some of it, in dugufi-, — but that the Winter would be the moil convenient Time, as they are then at Leisure.

That Coals may be bought at Lord Middleton's and Bilborough Pits at 4 d. a Hundred; — and at Sheplev, Ilaner, Langley, and Pits, at about

2 i d, per Hundred.

That the greatest Supply of Coals Winter has l*een from Bilborough Pits for the Three last Years.

And that if the Price had been raised at Bilborough Pit, the poor Manufacturers would have been greatly distressed. — That the Poor are flip plied with Coals now by People who make it their Business to carry them from Bilborough to Nottingham; and theyfell great Part of them to Coal Yards, who afterwards retail them to the Poor.

And being asked, if the Road was made passable in Winter, how many Collieries it will communicate with within Ten or Twelve Miles, he said. Lord Middleton's,

Sir H----- Hunloek's, at Halla, the Branch from

Jock Lane End to Shipley, and to Hanar, and Langley; ihefe are most of I he Collieries that are worked. — Those proposed to he worked at Sym Fields, where there will be a Probability of both a hard and foftCoai Work. — At Oulgiraxesthere is a Probability of a Work

being set. on in a few Years. — Lord Scarsdale has no Work at pvelVnt; but. believes he has a considerable Quantity of Coal. — That there is a great deal of Coal in the parish of Ilkejtone, the Property of the Duke of Rutland. — That is all the Coal the Witness knows of within Eleven Miles of the Town of Nottingham, 011 that Road, or the Branch from it.

Vol. 29.

That iif this Road was repaired, the Witness said . in general; Coals would be delivered at Nottingham Bridge foe 5 d. per Hundred.

The Withefs was asked, whether.be knew of a Rdad being intended to be. made frotn Derby tp Mansfield, through Eajhvood and NuttaI,he said; be knows there

is such a Design.

_ And being asked;. whether there are not Coals at tiaiiar and Langley, which might pome to Nottingham, through Eaflxooood and Nuttal, he laid, — It would be a

great Way about, and Very inconvenient, and does not think they would do it, if this Road was made.

That there is Coal at Azxf and Eqfiwood, that knight Come through Eafzvood and and that a

great deal of it is sold at Nottingham in the Summer Time.

That if tKe intended Road was made, good Coala tnight come by that Road at all Times of the Year. — They have Coals now, that might supply.'Three or Four Years; but then they ihuft have a Fire Engine, which will enhance the Expence.

That Hallam Pit i$ about Eight Miles izomNotting* ham; and that the Price of Coals upon the Banks at Hallam is about 2 id.per Hundred; and the same at

E of wood, which is about Nine Miles and Half from Nottingham. — But that he could not (ay what is the Price of Coals at Azvfzootth; no Person can be certain, because it has not been tried.

And being asked, whether Coals were not sold at Nottingham last Winter for 5$ d. per Hundred, he said, he did not know how low. — There was some frofly Weather, which gave the Carriages an Opportunity of going to the Pits.

That if they were to depend on the Work at Eafi-zooood, it might be of very bad Consequence; because it would be in the Power of the Fanners living near the Colliery to raise the Price of Carriage.

That if the other Road was made, in a few Years Coals would be in Winter 5I1/. a Hundred, if they could get the Coals from Woollaton and Bilborough up to Nottingham; but they are id. a Hundred worse than the others, and are generally fold for %d. iefs. zooood and Hallam Coals are not so good as the others.

He was asked, whether the Road to Bilborough would be mended by this Road; he said. No; nor by the intended Road to Mansfield.

The Witness said, he would undertake to supply the Town with Coals at 5 %d.per Hundred, Winter and Summer, if this Road was made good; — and that when this Turnpike is made from Nottingham to Eajhvood, Coals from Eajhvood, Azisworth, and Nuttal, can be

delivered at Nottingham at ${d.per Hundred, with the usual Profit, in the Summer.

The Coals at Eafizvood are i$d. per Hundred at the Pit; *tis 9 Miles and .$. — It is about Miles to NuttaL — That the Witness does not know how far it is to Awf worth, but believes it may be full Six Miles.

That the Carriage of Q>al on the Road from East-zvoodto Nuttal, will depend on the Goodness of the Road, apd the Tolls.

That, if the new Road, which is now depending, goes forward to Eajhvood, and Nuttal, and Axifzvorlh, the Price of Coals, in the Summer, will be tjhd. per Hundred; but not so cheap in Winter; because in Summer they will come from other Pits, and in Winter they cannot. — They nmft fell at a Market Price, when other People can come as well as they, or el fe they will rival them.

The Coals at Eajhooood are x\d. per Hundred at the Pit; and at the Collieries nearer the Town they are 4 — That the Price of Coals is regulated by the Price at the Pit and the Carriage; and that the Reason why the Woollaton Coals fell so cheap, is because they lie so near the Town.

And being asked, what would be the Price of Coals from Eajhvood at Nottingham, supposing both Roads

io Z were

Bramtote Odd Houfr, ice. Road.

p° Mdrtii. A: 1764*

Bramcott, were made He said, tie could not say exactly, as it is fey Water or Land Carriage to moll Parts of the Com* Odd Houft, a Mile and a Half, or Two Miles further oft’ than Hal- ties of Lincoln, and Leieefier; and that they

Rorfd. lam san^ h® does not know what the Difference of would'pass through all the Vale of and

Carriage Would be. And to many Towns in and to

That there are Coals at Newthorp Common and A7>n« many Phrts of the Cotlnty of Rutland^ — an&tha\, if the berlei/, tmworked. Cottl Road propolbd was to be made passable at allTimes

That the Proprietors of the Collieries that are opened, of the Year, the Supply Of Coals to Nottingham would and intended to be opened on the Road from Not ting- -be ffiorte Certain, and the Price reduced.

ham to Edfttooood, will hot be able to fell so cheap as they That the Witness does not think the Coals that might will, if this Road we are how upon gOes forward. We be brought by the Road to will be

have aconsiderable Sliare at Langley, and Oxelgreaves, sufficient for the Consumption of the Town of Notting-and have aish aladge Sliare at Bilbo rough Colliery, for , and the adjacent Counties: That the Road from

which Reason the Witness thinks'he cahgive a fair Edfiivoodto Nottingham isNide Miles, and is notpaffa-Gu’Cfs. froth which Colliery we shall be able to fell ht ble in Winter with a loaded Carriage*and that the the lets'Price-, and that he includes the Vale of BeltOir Road from Bilboroiigh Coal Pits, into the Md&l Rbad, and Grantham in the Consumption of Nottingham. is not paifable at all Times of the Year.

TKat the Ag/ftiwdCdlliery will not be able to supply ' That he imagines near Two Thirds of the Inhabitants thernfo chdrtp, as if this new Roid is made. of Nottingham have not either Money to purchase Coals

That there" Would'not be Coals enough to Ripply' all for a Winter Supply in the Summer, when the Roads the' Pfaees which used to be suppliedfrdm Nottingham arc only paifable in their prest lit State, or‘Room to in the Winter Time. put them in.

The W itnef's was afkdd, What would fie the Price of . That the Carriages from the-Vale 6f Behoir travel Coals if the Mansfield Road was to fake place, and this in the Winter With Com to Nottingham; and he behetes Road not ? Tie laid. He could not speak for the whole ' they take but very Tittle Fuel or any thing else by If ay Y£ar - — That there might be a sufficient Quantity in a of Back Carriage, because Coal is very deaf at few Year*, but atf piefent there' is not. ham.

That -the > Road from Nottingham to Hallam and That lie cannot tell what is the Price of Coals bow ia Shipley, is passable for a‘few Months to the Suifimer. the Vale of Belvoir, but mutt now pay icd. or iid. a / Andheirtgafked, Whether it Would be pafrable then. Hundred at Nottingham.

suppolingthisTum'pikdROaddoesiiOt lake jilace, at that That he believes the Price of Coals, in the Vnleof Tirhe of the Year, When' the People fkdm the Vale of usfaras Bingham, before the last'Three Y<?ars,

Behoir supply themselves with Coals ? ’He laid. He was about 5 5 Hundred: — That the Priceat

apprehended they come in general inSummefoh all the the Three Lift'Years, bas been’from id.

'Croft' Rbads, buf tittt bn the TUrftpike Rohds. to ad. in the Winter Season; that they were tiot under

That he does iiot llifok Coals will fee* dearer in SUm- &d. this lait'Suvnmer, bnE'&aVd'formeHy bought them jher than they now are from Hallhin and Shl/dty Pits, for 4 d.pe^Hundred.

if this Turnpike Road should thke place, by* paying the That he knows the Tdvtn of WerwtrL; that they Were

Tolls,' and by the Number'of Hoffes'fcllbWdd to draw, llipplied with Goals formerly' "from the Town of Not- being limited.

1 Thathe thinks it may make a Halfpenny a Hundrfed That they have been supplied the Three laftYeirs

.Difference, or'more, in the Price of Coals in ‘Wiriter, ffdm , because they could affohi them cheap-

if the RoiH ffotn Eastu opd to Nuttal, iS’made,' and' the er up the Water from: Yorkshire, than down die Road now before the Committee'is hot mwle. Water from — That the Town of

'Arid being asked, Whether, if when the Turnpike is thaw Was formerly supplied, in Summer Time, by made, the' Inhabitants of the'TfoiViis’ln the Vale of R<?/- ' Lamt Carriage from Nottingham; but they kavo beta voir should come to Hallam, will the Supply he sufficient iu great Want of Fuel this Year, notwithstandingone from the other Road for their Demands, without aTufh- of the most-considerable navigable Rivers runs from pike to Hallam ? He said, the Coals will be dearer at Nottingham to

the Town of Nottingham. That'he remembers wlten Lord Middleton’s, Sir

Mr. Thomas Barret being examined, fa id. That thdre Charles and Mr. ‘a Collieries were worlc-

are between Six and "Seven thousand Load of Cohis 'iitgat Eajhvood, HallamandOidcrcar Collieries-were Upon the Banks of the several Pits, to which the propo- not worked, and that the Country was fufiiCiently (up-fed Road will communicate, which have not been fold plied with Coals at that Time at and 5 pet Htin-b.'cause the Roads have beeu impafl’able towards Septem-dred; but they are not in the same State they

her and the rest of the Winter, fvOm'JVefiHallam to were in at that Time: — That there is not any Goal - Woollaton; — -That, when the Roads are repaired, Four at Nuttal Colliery now, and but very few at Mr. -Ilorfes w ill be able to draw between 30 and 40 Hundred ber’s. Colliery, inComparison to what there was then: — ’ in a I^oad. That the Reason why Nuttal Colliery is not worked

And being asked, Whether, when the Turnpike is 1 now is, that they are sinking a new Shaft: That lie had made, and Tolls should be paid, and Four IlorfeS draw a Share in Nuttal Colliery, and was about Tuelre only 30 of 40 Hundred, lie thinks Coals would be de- ‘ Months in getting at the Coal from the'IHmc they livered at Nottingham dearer than they used to be ? l ie begun it.

fiid, \o; because they will be able to go all the Year And being-asked. Whether a-Turnpike Road is mint-round: ' ing to bring Lord Middleton *Qo-3.h to Nottingham ? He

And, That the more Collieries that are opened to the ftiid. They have always passed in Winter Time to Lord Town of Nottingham, it will certainly reduce the Price Afiddleton’s Colliery j, but there, is not any Coal got ' of Coals at that Town. there at this Time.

Mr. Thomas Otilkuoiobeing further examined, said, — That there is a Colliery at Trozcell Moor, but only

That there is a T urnpike Road nearly finillied, leading soft Coals are got there.

from Nottingham to the Vale of Behoir and Grantham;That the next Colliery is at likeftone, but no Coals ar*

in LincolnJ/dre; and that there is a very goodComtnu- got there.

nieation by Water Carriage from Trent Bridge, in Not- That there is another Colliery at Symond's Field, bat tinghamiyto supply the Northern Parts of the County; — very few Coals will be brought from thence to Netting-and, if sufficient Quantities of Coals could be supplied , because of the Distance-, to the Town of Nottingham, they might conveyed And of the intermediate Collieries between that Place

- ' iq . ' and

4 Geo. HI- 7? Martii,917

and Nottingham: — But if those Collieries were not to be in these Four Yehrs; but is notr at Work; and 4large

worked, they would certainly bring Coal's from Symond'sQuantity of Goals lie upon the Bariks/ready for Sale,

Ffeld to Nottingham. ' and has been there formally Months. ' rm&

That there are not any Working Collieries from Nagle That when these Collieries are all working; there will

.Gate to where the bond from Derby to Mansfield undoubtedly be a sufficierit Supply, but not fefc the same erodes; — but there are Coals in Smalley Lordshipi’ Price as forriierfy because -the Upper Edge of the That it would he wort.h 7 s.or 8.r. to carry Forty 'Vein of Coal, being already got thriod^iiOUttyhb whole hundred Weight of Coals from Symond’s £ield to'.JVo/*- Country ^-The Coals lie tieepe'r in the’ GrOtthd, and -tingham, In the Summer Time, ' T ' ' there is hd'POflihility Of getting at' them Withbfrtfihk-

That if a Road was made from Symond’s Field'to- ing deeper Pits ! — ^ndthat'Workmen's AVage^ and the the Croft Road from Derby to Mansfield, a grt?atmbhy Price of Materials are much deafer thall ’formerly.

Coals from Symond'sField would take Advantage of -' -That the greater iklieDehiatid, the-scheapef the Coals

that Communication to go to Derby and that aRdad will be, and therefo'rethey folcl'dheaperfortnerfy, because extending to distant Collieries, would tend to kee'p she' the Demand at that Time wds hot divided- among fd intermediate Collieries at Work, and prevent the Pro- -, many Places, as there were feWetfC'ollieries wbrkedthaii prietors of those Collieries /ropt rajfipg the JPncer of there are now. f ' '.

Coals. And being afeed, Whether any Collieries lit the Coun-

That when Knttal Colliery is.worked again; it can- try now can undertake so answef ’ the Demands they not lnpply Coals ?t as cheap a Fate as formerly, be- could formerly* or be worked at so cheap a Rate ? He cause they mult dig much deeper; and that all Chl- said, there are Collieries in the Country that Srd Capable Jieries, the more they are worked, will be attended with of supplying as great Quantities As ever thfey Coulddo greater Expences. " ? in his Mernbry, but not at the same Pricfe,f of the ReaWns

That Coals have been sold at 12 d.per Hundred this be had before giveh:--and thdfe Cotlferies ar& ,

Year at 'Nottingham; — and that -fianer and Shipley Fits - Langle ' ' ' ': ’

- have supplied Nottingham with CoaJ^ longer than he can That the ExpencCs in getting Coal at the different

remember; that those Collieries supplied Nottingham, Collieries on the intebdtd-'SMd, -ifiMWnryittjdi} when Nnttcl Pit was not worked. ‘ feme Collieries do not pay abo^e one Third of the Ex-

That the' Proprietors of the Collieries nearest the pence for getting Coals as some others db. ' 1 ' ' '

Town of Nottingham will have the Advantage over the The cheapest CmI is at Langley and (", k more distant Collieries. . , . pmd, Oufiioorth, Skffdej/y

That the Witness apprehends there are Coals to begot. and arethemost expenljm. , 1. (»r.j

between Nagle Gate, and the; and that That theipjarefrWay from BWfe-

Hanerand Shipley Pits are working at this Time. \fynt0 will be by tin* new mfma^Road. AMemberpresent informed your Committee, That that purt the' Roatl from so is

Part of Lincolnshire lying nearest to Nottinghamshire and always paflablein the Winter.

Leicestershirejxfed entirely to be suppljedwitli their Riel That be apprehends IFoo/fatonCollierymayraifeCoals,

- from Nottingham.;but of late Years, from the exceffove and feud them to Market for gid.ior.6tf. per fftindfod: —:

Price of Coals, they jiave been obliged to fetch ,thbm And that if the Road was made as far as Bir Henry Han-from Lincoln, upwards of Twenty-eight Mjles.and with- tbok's and Mr.t^/wJldgy’sCqlliery, those, with thA other great Difficulty have been supplied from thence:- — Sel- Collieries qn tbA* Nottingham Roads, Would fofficierftly voir, and all the Vale of Belvoir, have constantly been supply the Town of , And Country adjacent,

supplied with Fuel from Xof/ingl/ayi, br\tofXate Years the ..with Coals, and would b£ obliged to do it at the fam# exorbitant Price of Coals has rendered it extremely diffi-. Price as WjoUaton Colliery does.

cult to get any Fuel of that Sort at all; a,nd the Inha- That his. Uncle, is sinking Four Shafts in Symond’n bitants have all this Year, and at present are in great Fieldand: that he should be able to supply the Town Want of Fuel: — The Inhabitants of the Country lying of Nottingham With Coals from, thence, if he wax to fell on each Side the River Trent have been in great Diurefs them cheaper than the other Proprietors of . Collieries ’ for Coals these Three Years past, froni the great Price of, near the-Town of — and that the Price of

them: — The Town of Ndwark, and the Port thereof. Coals in SymoncTs Field, upon the Bank, will beabout

have 1‘nffered excessively, and have beens supplied with . per Hundred.

Coals brought up the Humber out of Yprf(shire: — \\ 11 That the Reason why Coals were not fold cheaper at that Part of I a icestershire, lying next so Not/ingkain/hirc [Nottingham, this Winter was, because the Road Was so and Lincolnshire, have been, and is now in the like Dif- jbad that, t.he Carriers copld not get the Coals'along, as

trels: — ’The Price of Coals in the Vole of Belvoir were, they were obliged to go Twice for One Load Of Coals, about Five or Six Years ago, froir^ ed.up to yd. To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioij-per Hundred, according to the Wetnels or.Drynels of ed Petition;

’the Season; for the Three Ia.lt Years, have been from Mr. John Goodzvin being examined, said. That the 1 id.up to 1 fid.per Hundred; a Price far too great Roads from the Town of Ashbornt, in the County of

for the Poor to pay for them! 1 Derby, over R/fyx/r' Bridge, to the Turnpike Road from

Mr. John Barber being examined, said. That he Sheffield and Chesterfietdr tb at, or near a Place

knows all the Collieries from Nottingham to Eastiooood: — OohedONnzt'ood Gate, are all in a ruinous Condition,

That he does not think the-y are sufficient to supply the except'a fin all Part thereof, which has been repaired by whole Country with Coals in the Situation they are now Mr. Meynetl.

in, but apprehends they will, in a short Time: That That the said Roads are so very narrow in many particular Accidents attending the Works upon that . Places, particularly, near That a Broad Wheel

Road, has difebled them from getting a sufficient Qtian-1,'Waggon cannot pass; — and that the same can not be ratify; — Woolia ton Colliery has been put out by WTater: — paired and widened by the presentMethod prescribed by

'I he old Work at Bilborough Colliery has been worked Law. 1

out! but a new Engine has been put down, and it has No Evidence was produced to your Committee in begun t > work again, and does now supply the Town Support of the Allegations of the Six last mentioned of Netting bam :-^NnttalColliery has not been worked , Petitions. ' '!

for lorne Time, but they are now preparing to work it rA , Mot on was made, and the Question being propo-again: - Oujisorih Colliery has not been worked -lately, fed, Tftat Leave be given so bring in a Bill'for repair-but it is just got to Work again; — Eajhcoud Colliery ipg and widening the Road from BramcoteOdd House, has not been worked in the WitnefeVMemory, till with-' hi the County of Natiinghain, to the Croft Foil upon Voi. 29. ' ' ' 1 "Smalley

"9

i8

Martii.

A. 1764.

, Bnmeote . Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from . Oddl Haute, Haflack Lane End to Iin the said County of

Ue^d. ht and from Trowell, in the County to

the Town of Nottingham;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " to the Cross " Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby" and inserting the W ords, " through in the Coun-

" ty of Nottingham, and through in the County of Derby,/to that Part of a Lane, called High Lane,

‘‘ opposite to a Fire Engine belonging to Sir Harry Hunlock, Baronet, in the Parish of West Hallam, in the " said County of Derby," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the.Words, "to " the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County " of Derbyft hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon SinpUcy Common, in the County of Derby; and from Haffiack Lane End, to Ilkeftoneftn the said County of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of N and that the Lord Howe, Mr. SandyMr. Mr. Plumptre, Co-

lonel Hope, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Aftibome " Offered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Road. widening and repairing the Road Ieadingfrom A fhborne, in the County of Derby, over Bclpar Bridge, to thepre-' sent Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield, to Derby, at of near a Place called Openiccod Gate: And that Air. Gilbert and General John Bofcawcn do pre-.' pare, and bring in, the fame.

Account; Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the French Priwi, House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War: And also,

Copies of the Judgments and Decrees of the Com- jnissioners appointed, pursuant to an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s'Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements', and He-riditaments, upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Suffice, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And the Titles of the said Account and Copies were . read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Copies do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the . House. . '* ~ ‘ ’

' The said Account and Copiesapeppeferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fitzgerald’s. Ordered, That Lord Allen, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr,.

Estate. . Conolly, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Luttrell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for diverting out of the Crown, and to veil in Gerald Fitzgerald of Bathrone, in of the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of

Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion iu Fee of and mfeveral Lands in Ireland, is committed.

Plunkett’* Ordered, That Lord AMr. Wilbraham Bootle,

Kflans., Mr. Conolly, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Jackson, Sir

Edmund Thomas, be added to the Committee, to wltom the Bill for enlarging the Time given to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee offeveral Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett, Esquire, in Trustees, in order to fell Inch Tends to Protellant Purchasers; and also, by another Act of Parliament, made

M-

Dou*

in the 33d Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the said 16th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, is committed.

Ordered, Nemine coulradicente.

That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of the Tina, whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further d , of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to . His Majesty, That they do contider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards defraying the necessary Charges of defending, protecting, and securing the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of an Act, made in the First. Year- of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale; and for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duty, and for farther encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; as relates to the Annuities lor a certain Term of Years irredeemable, granted Anno 1761.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That, they do consider of so much of the said Act, as relate? to the 3 per Cent. Annuities, granted ftnno 1761.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading io Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before this House an Account of the Sum granted for the Year 17(2; and setting forth, that the Petitioners have inverted the Money granted in 1763, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, for the Support of the several Ports upon the said Coasts; and that the Petitioners have received the Sum of £. 7000 in Pursuance of an Act-dress from the House to His Majesty, ill the last Session of Parliament, for the Support of Senegal and its Dependencies, have inverted the same in Goods Stores, and Necessaries, which have been lent gal; but as yet the Petitioners have received no Account of the same being arrived; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, tlmt it would, in their Opinion, he of Public Utility to have the said Fort of Senegal verted in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, by Act of Parliament, in the same Manner as the other Forts and Settlements on the said Coast are; and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant fiichaSutn for the Support of all the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, for the ensuing Year, as to the House Ihallfeemmeet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sc-

ventlight, the tgth Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, who jt» were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge ft'" of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part

4 Geo. III. 7

,919

of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subfillence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia under the Rank of aCaptdin, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of Match 1764; and also an Estimate of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsister.ee for the Field Officers and Captains of

the said Militia, for One, Year; That the Committee had prepared Estimates accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subfillence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of a Captain, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764.

Pav to 30,840 Private Men, at 1 s.each, 28 Day* -

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each - - ' ' - ‘

D* to 1542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each - -

D® to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man - -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s.6 d. a Week each - - - -D° to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each -D® to 1,^42 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - -

D® to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each Private Man and Drummer -Clothing for 30,840 Private Men, at £. 1. 10 each -

D® for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. ior. each -

D? for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2. each ——

For additional Pay for Clothing .54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1. each Subfillence to 561 Lieutenants,’including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3^. 6d. each, for 28 Days -.-D* to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s. each, for 28 Days - -

£. t. dt

43»i76-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168-----

455

638'15 — 1,079 8 —

3,500 — 4,000 — — -

10,023-----

46,260-----

5.397 -

2,400 — — 108 — . —

2,748 18 — 1,827 -

174,537 D

ESTIMATE of the Amount, of 28 Days Subfillence for the Field Officers and Captains of the Militia,

for One Year.

Subfillence to 46 Colonels, at 10 s. 6d. per Day, over and above their Subfillence as Captains, for 28 Days - - - - . - . - -

Subfillence to 58 Lieutenant Colonels, at 5 s.6 per Day, over and above their Subfillence as Captains, for 28 Days - ’ - -

Subfillence to 58 Majors, at 4 s. per Day, over and' above their Subfillence as Captains, for 28 Days ——

Subfillence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d. per Day, for 28 Days - -

£. s. d. 676 4 —

446 12 —

324 16 — 5,229 —

6,676 12 —

V«L. 29.

II A

Ordered,

Staindrop

Inclosure.

Estimatet;

Naval

Chaplains.

Duty on Cyder and Perry.

926 7® Martii. . 1764.

_ Ordered,. That the said Report do lie upon the

Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Francis Smart, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Durham, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard by his Coun-fel, upon his laid Petition, against the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham, when the House draft resume the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Whom the said B-ill was committed, if he shall think fit.

Ordered, That Gounfcl be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in- Favour of the said Bill; agakili the said Petition.

Refutvedy- That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Estimate of 'the annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplains, who-have served-on board His Majesty’s- Ships lor the Space of Five Years during the late War with France and Spain.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by fOch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for' enlarging the Time for Payment of the Dufy granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, upon Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain-, and for altering the Composition authorized to be made in respect of such Duty;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause touching any Alteration, Explanation, or Amendment, relative to the Duty Oft Cyder and Perry, lard in tire last, or pt»r« posed to belaid in the present Session of Parliament;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Alteration."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereilpoiri, agreed to‘ by the House.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put. That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive aClause, or Clauses, touching any Explanation of Amendment relative to thelhityan Cyder and Perry, laid in the last, or purpol'ed to belaid hi the present Session of Parliament;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee', that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for regulating the Mode of Collection by Excise, so as to lccureto the Subject their undoubted Right of Trials by Juries; and to restrain, by Penalties, any Abuses of the Officers of Excise contrary to Law;

Hie House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Revenue arising by Hearth Money, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for regulating the Mode of Collection by Excise, so as to secure to the Subject their undoubted Right of Trials by Juries; and to restrain, by Penalties, any Abuses of the Officers of Excise ..contrary to rfaw;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Xocs, ffi,. Parte . } l66'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for Establifliingan Allowance for Leakage and Wasteof all Cyder and Perry which shall be made, and for exempting all Cyder, and Perry mixed with Cyder, called Water Cyder,-or Puraperkifiy from Payment of Duty;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words after the Word' " made;" and adding the Words " in lieu of " the Allowances granted by the Act of the laftSellion " of Parliament," inftend thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the Words " in " lieu of the Allowances granted by the Act of the last " Session of Parliairient," lie added instead thereof;

It was resolved in' the Affirmative.

Thea the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That it be an- Inftfuctiou to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for establishing an Allowance for Leakage arid Waste of all Cyder and Perry which shall be made, in lieu of the Allowance granted by the Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause* or Clauses, for inflicting Penalties upon Inch Officers of Excise who flia.ll wilfully refuse or neglect to grant Permits or Certificates for removing Cyder or Perry, or to deliver a Copy of the Charge made upon Cyder and Perry, to the Maker thereof, when required so to do, or to allow the Composition to be made, as the I aw directs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for obliging Persons, who are not Compounders, to enter such Mills, and other Utensils, not being their own Property, as they Audi use for making of Cyder or Perry; and for exempting the Owners of Mills and Utenfds from giving any Notice of letting ottt or lending the same for making Cyder or Perry.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whatehj took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That Ihey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Win ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Moans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

\bufes . in the *. ft Office.

4 Geo. III. 8° Martii. 921

JovtSf 8* die; Anno 4* Georgii III. Regis, 1764. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that the Accountant General'to the Poftr Office attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The gross Produce of the General Inland Poliage of Great Britain and Ireland.-, " together with an Account of the Deductions for Inland Franked Letters in Great Britain and Ireland-, " from the Year 17-1-57 to- the- Year 17-6$ j- diitiuguilliing each Year."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the several Frauds and Abuses in relation t.o the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Postage: and to consider of the mast proper Methods of preventing the same -, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Abdydo carry to the Lords,

the ingrossed Bill for dividing! and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Warmaby, in the County of I^eicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; and desire theio Lordships’Concurrence thereto.

The House being informed that Mr. Spear, from the Treasury, attended at the! Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented t.01 the House, pursuant to their AddrefetoHis Majesty,

An Account, shewing bowthe Money given for the Service oft lie Year 1763 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day March 1764, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; via.

Wartnaby

Inclefiue.

Account; Dispositioa of Grantt,

VOL. 29.

An

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1763 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the 8thDay of March 1764, and the \q

Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon,

D

eg’

r+

n'

CD

Q-

cr

H

0

O

c

O

o

o

00

SERVICES.

For the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Nary, and the Yi&ualling thereof, for 30,000 Men, including 4*287 Marines, from First of January 1763 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1763 -

I For completing the Works of the Hospital for Sick and Wounded Seamen, building near Plymouth -

For the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, not provided for in Greenwich Hospital -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1763 ——

For Ordnance, Sea Service For - D° - Land Sen’ice

Tor defraying the Charge of 56,360 Men for Guards and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including those in Germany, Portugal, and Bel leijle, for 121 Days, to the 24th of April 1763 -

For defraying the Charge of 17,536 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for 244 Days, from D° to 24th December 1763 -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloifpe, Africa, Martinico, and the Havannah; and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, Quebec, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for 121

Days, to 24th April 1763..... -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, including those at Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Quebec, and Senegal, for 244 Days, from D® to the 24 of December 1763 For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from 25th December 1761 to 31st October 1762, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of D° from the ift of November 1762, to the 19th of February 1763, and not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot, serving in the East Indies, for 365 Days, to the 24th December 1763 For defraying the Charge of 2 Regiments of Ilorfe serving in Germany, and Regiments of Foot serving in North America, on the Irish Establishment, for 121 Days, from 25th of December 1762 to the 24th of April 1763, both Days inclusive For the Pay of the General, and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1763 -

For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1763 .

ForPensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s I.and Forces and Marines, for the Year 1763 For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1763 For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, already disbanded, and such as are to be disbanded, for the Year 1763 For defraying the Charge for A1 owances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Ilorfe Guards, and Regiment of Ilorfe reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troopsof Ilorfe Guards, for the Year 1763 -

For defraying the Charge of 2,120 Horse, and 9,900 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hrffe Caff el, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 90 "Days, from the vtsth of December 1762, to the 24th of March 1763, together with the Subsidies, pursuant to Treaty

c 8. d.

1,482,000 — - —

380,661 3 11

— —

10,000 — —

100,000 — —

78,000

*04,329 — —

485,317 2 10

408,372 13 4

278,893 11 —

281,781 3 6

>,588,756 15 5

951,249 > — 6

71,381; 8

16,438 7

11,291 8 6J

51,708 13 4

>>741 — —

33.351 17 6

88,704 3 4

2,910 1 8

85158 14 8 i

Sums granted.

£. d

>,975.661 3 n

282,359 — —

Sums paid.

£. i.

1.975.661 311

260,122 8

Remains to be paid.

£ * d.

22,206 II o|

60

d

o

c§

rT

o

N>

V£>

For defraying the Charge of au additional Corps of 920 Horse, and 6,072 Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for 3*28 Days, from the lit of January 1763, to the 24th of November following, pursuant to Treaty - For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, confining of 656 Horse, and 2,736 Foot, for 335 Days, from the 25th of December 1762 to the 24th of November 1763, pursuant to Treaty For defraying the Charge of 1,444 Cavalry and 2,330 Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain\ for 86 Days, from 25th December 1762, to the 20th March 1763, together with the Subsidies for the same Time, pursuant to Treaties -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session, for the Pay of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, for the Year 1762 -

To enable His Majesty to complete the Payment of £. 220,000, as a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty - -- -- -- - .

Towards enabling the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, &c. more effectually to perform the Truths reposed in them ——

To enable His Majesty to pay off'and discharge the Sum of One Million, raised in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament, 20 Georgii 3m, for the Service of the Year 1762, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted for the Service of the Yearji763, together with the Charges of raiding and paying the fame

To enable His Majesty to discharge the principal Sum off. 1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out towards discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Year 1762, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1763, pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 361, together with the Interest for the said Exchequer Bills, and the necessary Chargesattending the bluing and paying off the fame, fyc. -

For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th of March 1763 - -

Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate fuel) Children, as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st of December 176*2, to the 31st of December 1763 ——

For defraying the Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1760, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1763 -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June

1762, to the 24th of June 1763 - -- --....

To enable His Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the respective Provinces in North America for their Expences in Levying, Clothing and Pay of the Troops raised by them -----.....- ——

For maintaining and supporting the Fort at Amamaboo, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa -To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1762 ——

T* make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted Anna 1761, at Michaelmas 1763 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted Anno 1761, on the 25th of March 1763 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities, by the Acts of the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the Gth Year of King George the First, to satisfy all Ar 5th of January 1763

► satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted

Anno 1758, on 5th July 1762 -.....- - -

To replace to D* the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, on 5 January 1762 -----....

Ta make good tojlis Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addrefics -Eg r Discount for prompt Payments, after the Kate off. 3 per Cent.per Ann. allowed the Contributors of ^.3,5 00,000 raised by Annuities, and Two lotteries, pursuant to the Act 3* Georgii 3tU -

87,690 18 6$ 45,420 16 6}

49,308 1 1tt|

4*328 8 5

50,000 — —

48,891 14 11 26,710-----

4*593*805 13 11

5,000 — 1,000,164 4 10 j

h55D62g 17 2i 150,000 — —

40,050-----

4*589 13 11}

5,674 1 10

4,136-----

75,601 14 11 6,410 5 10J

3,885 12 8

4,593,805 13 11 5,000-----

1,000,164 4 lof: 1,551*619 17

40,050 — —

4,589 13 Hi 5,674 1 lO

4,136-----

>33.333 <5 8 >33,333 8

>3,000 13,000 —

7,*5> 9 »} 7,»5» 9

>53,788 15 3 -

>75,+o 2 7 >75^20 2 7,

49,558 1 6 49,558 1 6

75,601 14 11 6,410 5 ioj

3,885 is 8

150,000 — —

153,783 15 3

'O

4 Geo. III. 8* Martii.

To the Bank of England, irt Reward fori-eceiving, ifc the Contribution* to the said Anmiltf^ an I r *. t> j Incident Charges attending the preparing and drawing the Lotteries, and forjaki41 Tickets, and delivering oU^ f£aifinales fn Lieu

t5*4*° 5 5 «5.420 5 5

10,246,609 9 g 9,920,614 a 8i 8*5.995 7 "I

Ways And Means towards the said Services,

£.>. d.

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duties continued 1763.

2.000. 000 — — By 45. per Lib. on Land.

0,800,000 — — By Annuities at^. 4 per Cent* transferable sit the Bank of England*

700.000 — — ByTwo Lotteries, attended with like Annuities transferable

at D°.

2.000. 000 — *+ Out of the Sinking Fund.

47,120 9 6 Surplus on the 5th of January 1763, of the Duties upon Beef and Ale, granted by an Act 1° Georgii 3lil, for rayment of Annuities 1761.

20,000----- Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1762,

and not issued for that Service.

1,800,000----- By Exchequer Bills, Charged on thene^t Aids to be granted

in Parliament.

10,117,120 9 6

129,489 — 3 Deficiency of Grants.

10,246,609 9 9

"ii 1 1 11 11 irrrn

ft -

The Charge upon the Produce of the Sinking Fund, os Part of the WaysindMeans for the Year 1763 4 2,000,000

Whereof has been applied out of the Produce of the said Fund for the Public Service - 1*803,493 13 2;

Remains to be applied out of the same ——

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1763 ....

196*506 6 gi

139*4*9 — 3

Memorandum: The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow j viz.

I. d*

For the late Marine Regiments - 16*506 5 42$

African Company’s Creditors *, - 900 12 10

Georgia Bills, Residue of £* 15,496. 19s. ljd. - - v - 57° 17 7i

£ »7.977 »5 7l

a

cq‘

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

O

Presented the 8th Day of March 1764, by

W. Spetr.

o -=> s*

8° Martii. ^1764.

4 Geo. III. 8° 925

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. of the House, that a Bill is depending for amending

an Act of the 29th Year of his late Majesty, for loucester A Petition of the Inhabitants of Saint John the repairing several Roads therein described, leading from Poor. Baptist, in the City of Gloucester, whose Names are the Town of; and for amending the Road

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and from Comb Hill to a Bridge near Norton Mill; and ' read; Taking Notice of the Petition of the Governors that the Road leading from Bridge towards

and Guardians of the Poor of the said City; and al- JPerjhorc, to join the Turnpike Road leading from leging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that to grant Upton on Severn to aforesaid, is in a ruinous

an unlimited Power to the said Corporation to raise Condition, and narrow, and cannot be effectually

Money in the Manner by them prayed for, will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, but to the whole City in general: And therefore praying, that no such Act, as petitioned for, may pass; ot if the House shall think it reafoliable to pass any farther Act, That then only those Parishes may be included therein, who are desirous of the fame, but that this Parish may be excepted out of the said Act, and that the Inhabitants thereof may, for the future, have the foie Care of maintaining their own Poor, and of lighting their Streets; and as the present, as well as former, Application to Parliament, have been made by the said Governor and Guardians without the Consent, and contrary to the Interests of this Parish, that the Petitioners may not be charged with any Share of the Expences of soliciting the fame, nor be subject to any sort of Assessments, or Taxations, of the said Governor and Guardians, for any Purpose whatsoever.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; is committed.

Ditt*. ' A Petition of the Inhabitants and Payers of the Poor of the City of Glou was also presented to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Two Acts of Queen Ann, and King George the First, for the maintaining of the Poor of the said City, have not been attended with those good Etfefts which were proposed by them; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that they now do, and can keep their Poor much cheaper, ami more to the Satisfaction of the Poor, as well as of the n(elves, than they can or will be kept by the said Governor or Guardians; and that lighting the Streets will be much cheaper, and better executed, under the One of the several Parishes, than by any Corporation; and tint the Petitioners apprehend, that the Estates "d Gift‘."is of the said Corporation will be more than T.eient to discharge the Debts by them owing: And ic °f«'"e praying. That the said Acts may be repealed; and that no Money may be raised upon the City for til d Purpose; and that if any farther Act should pass, or any Alteration should be made in the present Acts, a Clause may, in such Case, be inserted, that no Parishes or Precincts be included, but those who are desirous of it; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, and have all farther Relief, as to the House shall seem good.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Tewkesbury A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are ttoad. thereunto subscribed, residing in the Parishes of

ford and Berlingham, in the County of Worcester, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Voi. 29.

amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Barron, Mr. Mr. Bejf, Sir John Afley, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Harbord, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r.

Prefcot, Sir Charles K.emys Tynfe, Mr. Reynolds, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Simttlneorth, Sir William Baker,

Mr. Major, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Mr.

lVard, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Mr. Fo-

ley, Lord Orwell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. WHhughhy, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr.

Staunton, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Montagu, Mr. I 'aue,

Mr. Bagof, Mr. Which eo', Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, nod, and for the

Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for extinguishing the Right of Bromley Common in, over, and upon, certain Commonable fi'cloime. Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following \Vas proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I. 14. To leave out, " Patron of the Vica*

" rage," and insert " Rest or," nflead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common in, over, and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Bcjl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, g n to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Lockin-e An Act for annexing the Rectory of East ^ea°r>‘

in the County of Berks, to the Office of W arden of the College of the Souls of all faithful People deceased, of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the

Bill

9^6

8° Mar

A. 1764.

Miry 1* Bore

Parochial

Police.

York

to

Beverley

load.'

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Harley)presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain, alter, and amend an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Railages, and repairing the Highways, and causewavs, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for making the said Act more ef-

fectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded , That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tuffnell presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stoke

Albany

Inclosure.

Turnpike Road from Bate try to Sheffield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handjworth, and Damall, to the North Ealt End of Altercliffe, in the County of York, where the Came joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtryto Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Clwlmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the E1W4 Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Patfage' for Carriages from Comhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Paflhges leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious; w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place-, Aud afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

litM

W

Ke

Sir Edmund Ifhampresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of ^n at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were

Fotlierby

I&closure.

Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Gibbons reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Grounds,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Alle-

once read throughout

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The Lord Orwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the County of Su ffolk, was committed, That the Com-

Ma|

u CUTJC I for.

Newport’s

Eihte.

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tire Bill, to the Salisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed ‘to by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be

.ingrossed.

Mr. Rushout reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for unpowering the Committee or Committees for the Time being, of the Estate o Newport, Esquire, a Lunatic, to make Leases of his Estates during his Lunacy, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Arid the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Rufhout do carry the Bill to the I»rds, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Worksop An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the to Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, Atirrcliffe through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, A/ton, Hands-°* ’ reorth, and Damall, to the North East End of

cliffe, in the County of where the same joins the

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And it appearing to the House, that there were several Erafernents and Interlineations in the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

The House was moved that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Inhabitants of Lon-don, residing near the Gaol of Newgate,; which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con side ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord IVa, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Luttrell, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Northcy, Mr. Onfozv, Mr. Prefcot, Lord Strange, Mr. Plnmptrc, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Rice, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Thorolon, Sir Charles AlorMr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edmund IOiam, Mr. Town/-

hend, Mr. Champion, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Burton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Matthew La tube, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr

Mr.

Uahr

Sac-"I Ntd

Vj

4 Geo. III.

Unhealthy State of Newgate.

8" Mar tii.

927

Mr. Coutts, Mr. Tempeji, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of j

E/fex, Kent, Surrey, Suffer, and Hertford; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come are to have Voices.

The House being- informed* that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to tha House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and the College of Christ in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being* to grant’ Leases of the Giebe belonging to the said College, was Committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and fnade several Amendment's therfeuiito; which they' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the.Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

Commons of the City of London, in Common Council and then.a Second Tune, Ohe by One; and, upon the

assembled

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition w-as read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition of several Persons, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of London, residing near the Gaol of Newgate, hath been presented to the House, setting

forth, amongst other things, that the (»aol of Newgate is the common Gaol of the City of London, and the County of Middlesex, that for several Years la ft pad, Belpar Bridge, toihe present Turn pike Road from Skcf-

Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the Iloufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That Lord George and Mr. Mey-nellbe added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Widening and repairing the Road from Ashborne, in the County of over

there have been, CommunibusAnnis, near aThoufand

Persons committed to the said Gaol, and that the same is become a moil dangerous Nuisance, and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet; that the Petitioners are well satisfied that the present State and Condition of the Gaol of merits the At-

tention of the Legislature; and that, on a careful Examination and Survey of the said Gaol, it appears, that the same cannot be rendered healthy and commodious without being taken down, and rebuilt on a more extended Plan j and that the Petitioners conceive, that the said Gaol ought to be re-built at the Expence of the City of London, and County of -

Jex, in such Proportion as shall be thought reasonable; and that the Petitioners are willing to do every thing towards the promoting a Work of such public Utility, that on their Part can equitably be expected or required; but that the same cannot, as the Petitioners are advised, be carried into Execution without the

Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

Ruchdale

to

Burnley

.Road.

to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Belief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the lati mentioned Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Hia.ll appear to them, to the House:

Mr. Shultleioortk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuiag and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

Aflibowe

Road.

field and Chejlevjicld to Derby, at or near a’Place called Open Wood Gate.: I

.; . > Mr. Willoughby.reported from the Committee, to

Whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the High' Roads leading from Alfretwi, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain. Place in the Town of Mansfield ealled imd

from the Bridlegate at the Diviikm of the Liberties of BlackiceU and Hucknall; through the Town of Suttori

in AJi'/field, to Mansfield and Newark Turnpike at

or near Python Hill, in the Forel't of in the County of Nottingham \.was committed; That the

Committee had considered the Petition of Downing, Samuel Hodgkinson, and JoJ'eph Stanley, Owners of Coal Mines in the Parish of South -

ton, in the County of Derby, on behalf of themselves and

others. Owners of Coal Mines there, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road Heniy be there added;

Manchester

College

Gl?be.

from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ‘which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Warden and Fellows of

VOL. 29.

27.

35*

Alfretm,

&c.

R-paJ.

port to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend; ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made-byithe Committee to the said Bill, being a Lilt of Com1-missioners to put the Act iu Execution, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, the Name of Henry

Balguy.

And the Question being put. That the Name of

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rf. 1, n ,t c Mr. QsUrzan,

T ellers for the \ eas, Mf

r-p n p ,1 X Mr. flioroton.

Tellers for the Noes, j Mf_ //(Asrt

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second . Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for lessening the Tolls.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

- which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

11 C Question

9*8

8° Mar

A. 1764;

Question put there upon agreed to by the House to be ma de Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ‘ingrossed.

Bramcote Odd Houfr, &c. Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby and Mr. fierce It be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare* and bring in, a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd in the County of

Derby\ and from HaffackLane End to in the

laid County of Derby ;Und from TroweH, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of

Batchacre Grange Tythes, &c.

An, ingrossed Bill.for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or One of them, from Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and Tor settling other Tythes in lieu thereof; was read the Third Time.

ReJ’olved, that the Bill do pass^ And that the Title be, An Act for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or One of them, from Payment of Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling other Tythes in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

by such Sales, in Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the.Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the.First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and tv Common Fields, endows, mid Pallure-j of North Cove, to* in the East Riding of the County of York, was coin* hutted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tohetrue; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Baget, Richard Paget, and Richard Paget, who

altogether, are possessed of Seven Acres, and who wete

no

Westbury

Inclosure.

applied, to, and refused to sign the Bill, but gave Reason for their Refusal; and that the whole Grounds intended to be inclosed eonfift of about 1,400 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by The Lord North presented to the House, according One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, to Order* a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Operi were agreed to by the House. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Westbury, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mercers’

Company.

Accounts; East India Goods.

Mr. j Custpresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to intpower the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, to apply certain Sums of Money now in their, Hands, or due to them for Arrears of Rent; and also all Monies which may hereafter arise from their annual Income and Estates, after Payment , of their several Annuities, and other Sums charged and to be charged thereon, towards Payment, of the other. Creditors of the said Wardens and Commonalty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Hoofe being informed, that Mr. from

*he Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of prohibited India Goods exported to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, from Christmas 1748 to Chrijhnas 1763; distinguishing the -different Quantities of each Sort of Goods, and the Duties paid thereon, in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other > Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Harris:

ACluufe was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution to take an Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question.put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command* acquainted the House, That His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Confeut, as Far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom tire Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Staindrop Moor, -within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham, was committed;

And. the House being informed, that no Couufel attended;

1 The House resumed Hie adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Clause which, upon Wednesday last, was offered to be added, to the Bill, arid was then once read, was read a Second dime, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing an Appeal from the Justices.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blank* which being filled up, the said Clause wax, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part, of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

La

Stiio^w I

inilota'-

Marine

Forces.

Tregcnna i F\ rates.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for summoning of Juries to try such Appeals,

.for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,.

.. The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late of John . Tregenna, Clerk, deceased, in the County of Cornwall,

"given and devised by his Will, in Trail, for his Chil- allowing Challenges of the Jury. Uren; and for paying and applying the Money to arise And the said Clause was once read 16

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the ' Bill.

Then

4Gto.ni.

Then the said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendtriehts, be ingrossed.

,. 'landeftin# . Mr. Ki/nq/ion, according to Order, reported from the Marriages. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and to encourage and facilitate Mairiages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages so-Jemnized in that Part of called

or beyond the Seas.

And Mr. Kynaston moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Year Of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandeliine Marriages^ and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Batins, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning

y the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or beyond the Seas: And that Mr. Sir John Ghpute, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Rigby, the Lord Strange, Mr.

1 . \.on\ Frederick Campbell, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

v

iOrdered, Nemine contradicente,

tpiring That rt be an Inftrn&ion to the Gentlemen who are , U»s. appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions which, upon the 9th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee appointed to inqliire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; as were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in One of the said Bills, for ob-- viating the Inconveniences which may arise from Privi-

lege of Parliament, in the same of Merchants, Bankers, or Traders being Members of Parliament, and becom-

I; ing insolvent.

_ ,ty on Mr Whately, according to Order, reported from the

let and Committee of the whoie House, to whom the Bill for . ’erry- enlarging the Time for Payment of the Duty granted by an Act, passed in the laitSellion of Parliament, upon Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain; and for altering the Composition authorised to be made in respect of l'uch Duty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they

II , had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the: Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

., and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question ibverally put thereupon, were agreed to by 1 the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingroiled.

/hale Mr. Dyson reported from the Committee, to whom ;4h=n- the Petition of several of the Merchants of New England and London, trading to New England, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Re-> port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Vol. 29.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid ;s as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fa& contained in the find Petition is as follows: '

By the Evidence of Captain Nathaniel Coffin and Mr.

Edmund Quinfey, both Natives of New England, it appeared to your Committee, that, in the Year i 761, the . Province of Muyfa('hufets -BaV fitted out; from 'Bojfmi and other Ports, Ten Vessels for the Whale Fishery, from 76 to 90 Tons Burthen.

That the Suctefs of these Vessels encouraged the fending out of 30 Vessels for the same Fishery in i’jOz, and of 80 in 1763.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr.

ler, an Importer bf Dutch Bone, that the Price of Dutch Bone was, within these Two Years, dccreased frorti about £.500 a Ton, to between £.340 and £.350 a Ton.

And it further appeared, by an Accorint of tl^r Quantity of Whale Fin imported into England from North America, from Christmas 1758 to 17*63;

which Account was referred to your Committee; that in the Years 1762 and 1763, there had been imported^ into England, upwards of 90 Tons of Whale Tins', which were the Produce of the said Fisherv.;

Then Two Acts of Parliament, made id the 6th and 22d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, read; by which it appeared, that a Bounty bf 4o.s. a Ton was granted upon all Ships employed in the -land and Davis Streights Killicry.

That notwithstanding the Tneotiragement to the British Importation, it appeared, by an Account of the Quantity of Whale Fin imported into England from Holland, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1763, whit H Account was also referred to your Committee; that large Quantities of Whale Bone are imported into this"

Kingdom from Holland, to the Amount of 70 Tons per Annum, at a Medium, for Ten Years last past.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Cotmtlittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that James Boyes and Privilege.

----- Fletcher were attending at the Door, according to Order;

They were severally called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the Complaint made to the House, upon this Day Sevennight, of the Hand-writing of a Member of this House having been counterfeited upon the Cover of a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage.

And they were federally directed to withdraw.

Then another Witness was called in; and, at tlte Bar, examined in relation to the same Matter.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Samuel Slack do attend this House; upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That James Stebbing do attend this House; at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Amending ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Highways. House, to consider further of the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessments, instead of the Six Days Labour.

Resolved, That this House will, tipbn this Day Se- inhale vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fishery. House, to consider of the Report Miich was made frbtn the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others his Majesty’s British Subjects concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred;

Sir GeorgeSavilereported from the Committee to whoril Aldbcroogh the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Inclosure.

Fields

93°

8'

Martii.

A. 1764,

Fields and Pasture Groundinthe Lordship of iWborowg/t, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

in Holdemejs, in the County of York, was committed. Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 10 he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except such Per-l’ons as were incapable of giving the irConfent, From their

PI ace called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln-, and from Sutton Saint Mary’s to Sutton U ash, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preserving the Power

Hi

being under Age, and whose Property did not conlift of of the Trustees to the Act for draining Deeping Fens

One Fifth of the whole: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir George have "Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the fairl Report was read.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, that as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, the House may do therein as they Audi think fit.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution to take an Oath before they proceed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cnti

Thorngumbald

Drainage*

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Marfii I^ands and Low Grounds within the Township of Thortiguvibald, in the County of York, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the said Clause was thrice read , and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads froa the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tipld Goat, in the County of Lincoln > and from Sutton Saint Mary'sto Sutton Wash, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Whiclicotdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, -and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom ScC the Bill for establishing a regular and nightly Watch-, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor-, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlefei; was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Hid

Veneris^90 die Martii;

Anno 4’ Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Pr

A VEKS.

Bo 1 ir ere and (lay dun Poor.

nPllK Lord On el! presented to the House, accord-X ing to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the county of : And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

*4

ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Stoney Stanton, in the County of and the Lands,

Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Lordlliip of Potters Marfan, in the said County, belonging to and used with the said Fields of Stoney Stanton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands, and Two Eighths, who being applied to, refused $0 sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Two Half Cottage Commons, who could not be found; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the Amendments w ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

Walling

Strcer,

&c»

Road.

Sharnford

ludoiure.

futron

Drainage*

4 Geo. Hi.

9° Mar

Ordered, That the Rill, with the At»Qadifte6sti be ingrafted.

A Bill for amending, widening*, and keeping in repair several Roads leading from the Suck’s Head S& Walling Street, to Compton and the New Imt-, and from the Birches Brooke to the Hand Post in the Parish of

Kembertons in the several Countie* of Salop ati&Stafford; was read a Second Time,

by the House; and Several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment a, he itigrofied.

Sir Alexander Gilmaur presented to the Hotrfe, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual Two several Arts, passed in the 24th and 28th Year? of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repaiting

Edinburgh

Roads.

Refblved, That the BUI be committed to Sir itoger £* High Roads in the County ctf Edinburgh, to and

Newdigate, Mr, Bagot, Mr. Vane, Mr: Tudxoay, Sir l . /v-----'

William Meredith, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Praed, Sir George Savile, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Dawkins,

Mr. KjjnaJton» Admiral Cotes, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Alexander Gilmoitr, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Martin, , - ... . .,

Sir Charles Uardaint, Mr. Afc* Sir Waller Wagstafe , g" *» from

Bast, Mr. Harmm, Mr. VplcC, Mr. Porter, Sir tin !¥*, *f *">'«> fe*

Philipps, Mr. Matcbey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

from the City df Edinburgh; and ftotn Cromond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

Mr. Ixwndes, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Fonereau, Lord Grei/, Mr. Lord

Mr. Wilhmghby, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Lave after, York, and Worcester; And they ire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thi Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and Commonable Places of in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had. given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Garle, who is possessed of One Half Yard Land in the said Fields, which eonfifts of Forty-eight Yard Lands, who was ap-

Qif Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by of tfepoug

r »/j. the Villages of Langholmapd Hawick, t in the County of Roxburgh, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmoitr,.Mtv Tottiq/hcnd, Mr. Lyttrell, My. Martin, Sir Willi qm Meredith, Mr. Prat, Lend Midikon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr, Moutbey, Colonel Burton, Mr. JfOAbury, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mg'. HMr- Upton, Mr. Si Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Bertie, Lord Orwell, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Luther, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Tracey, Lord Allen, Mr. Price, Mr. Dyson; Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr* Huftte, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sryco imh all

the Members who serve for North and for the Counties of Northumb, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scots Dyk«£ through Laugboim Roftd.

A Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, with Fresh and

plied to, and said, That lie did not hold Inclosures to yyhfrJtf^rn^ Water, was read a Second Time, be good, and being very oid, he did not chuse to have Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. any concern with them; and that no Person appeared Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Turner, Mr. before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that Sir William Meredith, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilbraham Boqtle, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Mr. /Wfcr/Sir John Ghjnnf, Mr. Povbdl, Lpfd several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirefV Mr. Parker, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fonereau, ed him to report to the Hoofe; and lie read the Re- Mr. Buller, Admiral Coles, Mr. Bagot, Sir

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Mr. Molyneuz, Sir Edward Dering,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Mr. Burrell, Sir George Bridges , Mr. Sandy?,

the Amendments were once read throughout; and then Sir Mr. Mr. &ptoA, Ml-.' Jv*-

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qudftion geni Sir Edward Bctyntun, Mr. Kynajtoh, Mr.

.Annlltr SNA «1 n l\tr tllA lira 1 ® V M > "tk I i,*. -A

Wigan

Waterworkij

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be

uigrofled.

worth, Mr. Tiidydnj, Mr. Marc bey, M Air.

Tucker, Mr. Toxbnjhend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Chefer, Cumberland, and: And they are to meet this

Afternoon,' at Five of Jthfe ClOck^ in the ^peaket,|s

Chamber. (

Mr. reported from foeC^nfonttee, to whoso

and Territories of Sutton, Gangead, Swine, Benning- the Bill for paving, repairing, and clcaf ffh^ the Streets, itme Grange, and Fairholme, NorthSkir- Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages within the Town

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, preservtng, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts,

holme, Be nninghotn

laugh, Roioton, Arnold, Long Riflon, Leven, Heigholine, and Hally tree-holme, Branaefburton, and Burfall, Ejke, Ticklon, Wed, Routh, Mvux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Hotderrufs, in the East Riding of the' County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given -their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had. gone through the Bill, and made several Amehdments ther0-

Whitbjr

Street*.

of Whitby, in the County of York; pF©qej»ting

Incroacjhments and Annoyances therein.and for Jugulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Pprtefs there; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the famfio he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whi^h they had directed him to report to the House; and -he read the Report in his Tlace j and afterwards delivered the Rill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where

tmto; which they had directed him to report to the the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

----- J l " u!" ----- J a Second Time, One by One 5 and, upon the ^ueftimi

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Jfonfe^ and an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill. J

Ordered, That foe Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

n D Lord

House; and he rfcarl the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in gt the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Qnje by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to Vol. zg.

93 a

Martii.

A. 1764.

Answet

to

Addceb

for

Estimate.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Wednesday last, that His Majesty would be gracioufty pleated to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,' that He will give Directions accordingly.

Kftimatet; Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Naval the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Chaplain*, to the House, pursuant to their Address to

His Majesty,

A Lift of the Chaplains who have served in His Majesty’s Fleet, during the late "War; distinguishing the Time of their respective Services: And also, Estimate of the Annual Charges of allowing a Bovin-, ty to Thirty Chaplains, who have served on board His Majesty’s Ships for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars with France and Spain, Fifteen at .2 s.6 cL per Day, and Fifteen at zs.

And the Titlesof the said LiftandFftimate were read.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Mw

Admiralty-Office, 9th March 1764.

ESTIMATE of the Annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplains who have served on board His Majesty’s Ships for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars with France and -Spain, Fifteen at Two Shillings and Sixpence per Day each, and Fifteen at Two Shillings.

Prepared in pursuance of His Majesty’s Commands, in Consequence of any Address of the honourable - House of Commons of the 7th Instant.

Fifteen at Two Shillings a Day each, amounts to

... j amounts to - . ..., . 1- 684 547 S' d. 7 6 10 0

Total, £. 1231 17 6

The Total is, One thousand Two hundred Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.

G. Hay,

Howe,

Digby.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Laws. who . are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon such of the Resolutions, which, upon the 9th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; as were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in One of the said Bills, for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Essex or Kent, respectively, to put in Execution within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, the Laws relating to the Drivers of Hackney Coaches.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-Faving. «ution the several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second and Third Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a further Progress in performing and executing the Powers and Trulls reposed in them by the Ibid.Acts, in doing whereof they perceive that both the said Acts are dcfedlive, with regard to some of the Powers thereby given; nor can the said Acts be effectually put in Execution, so as to anfsver the good Purposes thereby intended, unless some new Powers are granted, and the said Acts in other Respects amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying,

‘ 14

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr Kynafon, Sir. Onjloiq, Mr. Foley, Sir Ralph Mr. Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Burrell, Lord Burgherjh, Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Trelaumy, SAt.Mr.

cot. Sir George Savile, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust,

Mr. Adams, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Howard, Doctor Hay, Mr. Maw-bey, Mr. West, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Holt, Mr. Wood, Mr. Stevens. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Tudway, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Champion, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ward, Mr Mr. Whately, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hitffey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Butler, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Waller, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dowdef-well, Lord Grey, Sir Anthony , Colonel Sir George Armitage jand all the Members who servefor the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford,

Kent, Essex, and Bucks; and for the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for p,pi»; allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deed; and W3»b; Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protefuint

Purchasers:

4 Geo. III. 9° 933

Purchasers: And that Mr. Fuller, and tile Lf>rd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply- - The Order of the' Day being read, for the House V, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

1. Rijblved, That this House will, upon Monday Morri-

/ ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vays and The Order of the Day being read, for the Hoitfe Means. ref0|Ve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; ‘

The House Was moVed, That the Sixth of the Refold tions, which, upon the 9th Day of February/ last, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring and: to report their Opinion to the House, which of them

are fit to be revived or continued; and which Resolution was then postponed; might be again read.

And the same being read.accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they do eonfider of the

Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better feenring and

— encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colo-

nies in America; and" of the several Acts by which the same hath been contirihed.'"

Ordered, That it be an Instruction- to the said Committee, that they d6 eonfider. of the Drawbacks payable, upon the Exportation of Foreign Goods from this Kingdom to the British Colonies and Plantations in America. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do eonfider of the Duties imposed on certain Goods exported from the British Colonies and Plantations in Americax by an Act of Parliament made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,- intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-i: mittee, that they do eonfider of the Importation of foreign Rum and Spirits into the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Surpluses Hated the 5th Day of April 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Hated the 1 oth Dky of October 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of all f-. Teas, China Ware, Callicoes, and other East India Goods, exported to the British Colonies in in

Ten Years, viz. from 1752 to

( 1762; distinguishing each Year; together with an

' Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon; be referred to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remain-

ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that re-

mained in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January.

r c 1764. of the additional Duties upon Ifeer and Ale, established by an Act 1* Georgii 3, for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that Time, be referred i- to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Wines exported Li from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America,

.. f from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1762; and from Ckrifi-

’; mas 1762 to Michaelmas 1763; distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Wine; with the ,.J. Amount of the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed :> Vol. 20.

t| i

thereon in each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of all East India Goods (Tea, Drugs, arid prohibited Goods excepted) exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America;within the last 15 Years, viz. from

Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1762; and from thenc£ to Michaelmas 1763 j distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Goods, and the Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Y'ear; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the nett Produce, within the last 15 Years, of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades; and for the betterfecuring the Plantation Trade; distinguishingeach Y'ear; as also, of the nett Produce of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and enepuraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in; distinguishing

each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Cdtnbricks and French Lawns exported from England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within the last 15 Years; distinguishing the Quantity, the Duties paidy and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Y'ear; be referred to the said Comhrittee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Moriey given for the Service of the Y'ear 1763 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of March 1764, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of prohibited East India Goods exported to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing the different Quantities of each Sort of Goods, and the Duties paid thereon, in each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, with Regard to the proper Method for securing and improving the Revenues, and preventing contraband Trade, in America, and with regard to the stationing Vessels, or Ships of War, for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of the Fund lor paying Annuities, granted Anno 1761, from the Commencement of the same to the 5th Day of January 1764, with the present annual Charge on the said Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whately also acquainted the House,- that he was' directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole’ House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ways and Means.

‘'I

1

934

iO° Martif.

A. 1764.

Sabbati, 10* Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1764.

Aide's Nat.

Ph^vyers.

AN mgrofled BiH for naturalizing James Alric, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Silks, BengaJs, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Hefba, he, An Act for naturalizing James Alric. of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India,

__J_-J rT'l_, D '__ J_ D’.ll i/v il, A __ , 1 , n . , 1 /* 1 n^i_!_1

Resolved, That it is the Gpioibn of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings Sterling Money per Too, be laid upon all Porlugal, Spanish, or any otherWine, except French W ine, imported from Great into the said Colonies and Plantations.

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of.-Two Shillings Sterling Money per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, belaid upon all Wrought

Laws

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the imported from Great Britain into the said Colonies and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Plantations.

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

____ A BiH to continue several Laws, for the better regu- That a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling

relating to dating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels Money per Piece, be laid upon all Calliooes painted, rJots, from Dover, Deal, and l(le of Tkanet, up the River of dyed, printed, or gained ip Persia, China, or East India,

&c‘ Thames and Medway ,*relating to the landing of Rum or imported from Great Britain into foe said Colonies and

Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Du- Plantations.

ties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Pu- That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

<ni(hment of Persons going armed or disguised, in De- That a Duty of Three Shillings Sterling Money per fiance of the Laws of Customs and Excise, and to the Piece, be laid upon all foreign Linen Cloth, passed Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations ~ ' " "

upon Seizures*, and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of -any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built m Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, floodgates,

Sluices, er other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

^U>erf, That thisHorfewiH,upon -Monday Morning __________

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iLoufe exportpdpr conveyed to any other Place, except upon the fold Bill. Britain.

That ijt is the Opinion of tips Committee, s . A Bdl for continuing certain Lawstherein mentioned That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his

SaJ Cloth,* bating to Briti/k§&\\ Cloth; and to the Duties pay- late Majesty %.\n% George the Second, intituled, An Act &c. ’ able on foreign 6ail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to con-giving lurther Encouragement for the Importation of tiuue in ponce for the Term therein mentioned-, and

Cambrick, and upon all French Lawns, imported from Great Britain into the said Colonies and Plantations.

Ref abed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings Sterling Money per Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all Coffee ffupped ip any British Gojopy or Plantation in America, beipg the Place of the Grpvyth thereof, in order to be exported or conveyed to any other Place, except to Great Britain.

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Halfpenny Sterling M<mey Pound Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon pfr Pimento shipped in any British Colony or Plantation in America, being the Place of the Growth thereof, so order to be

Naval Stores from the Briti Colonies of America; was read a Second Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Bejolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* and Mean*.

which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the nth, 19th, 2.6th, 29th, and 31st Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, was continued; and by another Act, made in lfre pirit Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the End of this pfefent &ession of Parliament.; be continued until the 30th Pay of September 1764.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act he. with Amendments, made perpt- Mr. Whateh/, according to Order, reported from the tual, from foe 2.9th Day of September 1764. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the That from and after the said 29th Day of September Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which 1764, in Hep of the Duty granted by the said Act upon the Committee had directed him to report to die House; Molasses and Syrups, a Duty of Threepence Sterling which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Money per G&Hotp, be laid upon all Molasses and By

in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine-pence Sterling Money per Hundred Weight

rups, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any foreign Afner'ujm'Colony or Plantation, imported into

the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

R<fql_ved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty, of One. Pound Two Shillings

Avoirdupois, be laid upon ail foreign Coffee imported Sterling Mopey, be laid upon all Sugars Whit®, of

from any Place, except from Great Britain, into the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Duty of Sixpence Sterling Money per Pound Weiglit Avoirdupois, be laid upon all foreign Indieo imported into the said Colonies and Plantations.

the. Produce or Manufacture of any foreign American Colony or Plantation, imported into any British Colony or Plantation in American Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hint the Produce of all the said Duties, and also of the Duties which shall, from and after the said 29th Day

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of September 1764, bg raifod by virtue of the said Act, Thatn Dutyof Seven Pounds Sterling Money per Too, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his (hid late be laid upon all Wine of the Growth of the Madeira s, Majesty Kin" George the Second, be paid info the Root of any other Uland or Plocfe, lawfully imported from ceipt of His MqjeliyV Exchequer, and there referred, the respective Place of the Growth of frch Wjne, into to bp from Time to Time disposed of by Parlia-the fidd Colonies and Plantations. meat, towards defraying the necessary Expences of de-

fending,

4 Geo. III. 10° — i

fending, protefling, and fccnring the Colonies

and Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards further defraying the said Expences, it may be proper to charge certain Stamp Duties in the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon the Exportation of all Wine, except French M ine, from this Kingdom, to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, as Merchandize, a Drawback he

'allowed of all the Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wine, except Three Pounds 'feu Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny pc/* Ton, being the Hateor Duty ‘commonly called the Old Subsidy.

Uefolved, 'I'llat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be not any Drawback allowed of any Part of the Rate or Duty, commonly called the Old Subsidy, upon any Foreign Goods, except Wines, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of or th Indies, exported from this Kingdom to the Colonies and

Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be not any Drawback allowed of any Part of any Rate or Duty upon any "While Callicoes or foreign Linens exported from this Kingdom to the Colo-

nies and Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by an Act made in the25th Year

of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and landTrades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade.be declared to be Sterling Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That the Importation of Rum and Spirits of the Produce or Manufacture of any foreign American Colony or Plantation, into the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuities granted Anno 1761, for a certain Term of 99 Years, from the 5th Day of January 1761, transferable at the Bank of England, be, from the 5th Day of January 1764, with the Consent of the several

Proprietors, added to, and made a Joint Stock with the Annuities which were granted 1762, for a certain Term of 98 Years, from the 5th Day of January 1762, transferable at the Bank of England, and that the Churges and Expences thereof be charged upon, and paid out of, the Sinking Fund, in the same and like Manner as those of the said Annuities granted Anno 1762, are paid, and payable; and that such Persons as shall not, on or before the First Day of June 1764, lig-nify their Diflent in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to act'ent thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Three perCent. Annuities, granted 1761,

in respect of the Sum of Twelve millions borrower! towards the Supply of the Year 1761, together with the Charges and Expences attending the fame, be, with the like Consent of the several Proprietors thereof, charged upon, and made payable out of, the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Monies that have arisen since the 5th Day of January 1764, or that shall and may hereafter arise, of the Produce of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, which was made a Fund for Payment of the Three per Cent. Annuities, granted in respect of the Sum of Twelve millions borrowed by virtue of an Act Geo, l£l. towards the Supply of the Year x 761; and also of the Annuities for a certain Term of 99 Years, granted in respect of the same Sum, be carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be be issued and applied the Sum of Two millions,

Vol. 29.

20 Martii. 935

out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surpluf- fart fes, ExcessTes, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues ,nd *"* composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The Twelve First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Thirteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be recommitted to (be laid Committee of the whole House, to whom U is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

The Fourteenth and Fifteenth Resolutions of th*

Committee being severally read a Second Time, weroj upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the said Committee of the whole House, towbom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth,

Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Fourteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty- first, Twenty - second. Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth, Resolutions: And that Mr.

Whately, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, M r. James Harris,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

JenkinJ'ou, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do cooflder of the Eighth Article annexed to the Book of Rates, and the several Laws relating to the Allowance made for Leakage upon Wines imported into this Kingdom.

General Toion/hend reported from the Committee, to Loddon whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment c( *nd. of the Poor in the Hundreds of and Clavering,

in the County of Norfolk, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placel, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments weret once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunaty 12° die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii III1* Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

SI R Edmund Thomaspresented to the House, accord- Carditf ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and Hoad*, keeping iu Repair several Roads leading from the

11 E Town

9?6 ii° Martii. 1764,

Town of Cardiff", and several other Towns and Places in the County of Clamor "an: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

p^enna'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ates‘ for Sale of the Freehold and Leafeliold Ellatcs late of John TregennaClerk, deceased, in the County of

ivall, given and deviled by his Will, in fruit for his Children; and for paying and applying the Money to arile by such Sales in Manner therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Champion, Mr. Sandy* , Mr. Mr. Buller, Mr. Vane,

Mr. John Buller, Sir Charles Alordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Elliof, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Dowdefeell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Lord Grey, Mr.

Trevanion, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr.

tcorth, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Mr. Parker,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr Colonel Hone, Mr.

Molyneux, Sir Thomas Hales, Kir. Rushout, Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornzcall, Devon, and And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s t Chamber.

Whet (tone An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

ludoiure. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in Whetstone, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commou Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in Whetstone, in the C ounty of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Coalheavers. Mr. Philip Fonereau reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and all other industrious Coalheavers, employed in the unloading Ships and Vessels bringing Coals into the River Thames, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as iolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament, made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was read.

And Nicholas Jacob said. That a Coalheaver’s Office was established, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act. but that it has been discontinued for some Time; and that he thinks, if that Establishment had continued, it would have been beneficial to the Coal Trade. — That the Masters of Coal Ships approved of the Establishment, as they had less Trouble than before the Office was erected.

The Witness said, there had been Combinations amongst the Coal Undertakers, to prevent the Men continuing to regiller their Names at this Office; that they refuted to give the Men Work unless they would leave the Office; and that on this Account the Men had left the Office.

John Errington confirmed the Evidence given by Nicholas Jacob, as to the Establishment of a Coal-heaver’s Office; and added, that he thought that Establishment of great Service to the Men, and beneficial to the Masters of Ships.

*5

That before the Office was established, and since it has been discontiinledj the Mailers are obliged to pay for Undertakers; and that during the Time the Office fubfilied they had no Occasion to employ Undertakers.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners acquainted the Committee, that the Act had been found deleftive iu many Respecis, for the Purposes intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 3; ft Year of his late Majesty's Reign, lor the Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the lfiier Thames, and for enabling them to make a Provision for such of themselves as shall be fiek, lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans: And that Mr. Philip Fonereau, Sir Edmund Thomas and Mr. Serjeant do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Mat there Doivdall,a Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his Three Grandsons without JfTuc Male, and for vesting the same in Anthony of the

City of Dublin, Esqttire, a Protestant, and his Heirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. 'Tuffnell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dmcdjicell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Champion, Mr. Buller, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fane, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Thomas , Mr.

'Tounjhend, Mr. Edmpvfone, Mr. Parker, Lord Wark-

worth, M r. Rice, Sir John Griffin Griffin, M r. Montagu, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Ghptne, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir John Griffin Griffin, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner and others have petitioned the House for conveying certain I^uids and Tenements to the Petitioner and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of his; and the Petitioner having since found, that the Lands and Tenements intended and agreed to be granted in Exchange by him, are partly Copyhold or Culiomary Tenure of the Petitioner’s Manors of Chipping Walden and Brook Walden, in the County or One of them, and subject to the Payment of certain small Quit Rents, Services, and Suits of Court thereto, and to a Right of Commonage, Fold Course, and Right of feeding Sheep therein, belonging to the Petitioner’s said Manors, or One of them, or taken, enjoyed, or claimed therein, by him, as Lord of the said Manors, or One of them; or as Owner of some Lands or Tenements in Walden aforesaid, to which such Right is or hath been claimed, as incident; from all which Tenure, Kents, Customs, Services, and Right or Claim of Commonage, and feeding for Sheep, not only all and every the Lands and Tenements to be granted in Exchauge by the Petitioner, but also a Part of Ilarlewing Meadow, otherwise called the Alms-house Meadow, not intended to be included in the said Exchange, are intended, and agreed, by the Petitioner to be absolutely freed and discharged, frtm henceforth at all Times hereafter; and the Petitioner being only Tenant for Life, without Impeachment of Waite in Possession of the said several Manors, of which such Copyholds are holden, and to which such Rents, Suits, and Services are due, and to which also such Right of Commonage and Feeding doth, or is claimed to belong, with Remainder to Trustees, during his Life, to pre-

serve

LaHerczrt

Eilatci,

Saffron

Walden

Exchange.

York

to

Beverley

Road.

4 Geo. III.

serve contingent Remainders, and charged and chargeable with an Annuity, or Re nt-charge of £. 600 a Year, and £.100 a Year to Lady Griffin, the Wife of the Petitioner, for her Life, for her Jointure, on the Contingencies therein mentioned, with Remainders to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner, by his present, or any aftertaken Wife in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Petitioner’s First and other Daughters in Tail Male, with Remainder to Matthew H hihcdl, Esquire, for Life, with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in 1 ail Male, then charged, and chargeable, with an Annuity or Rent-charge of £. 300 a Year, to Elizabeth Whit well, Spinster, for her Life, with Remainder to Mary Whifwell, Spinster, for her Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to her First and other Sons in Tail Male, with. Remainder to her First and other Sons in 1 ail Female, with Remainders to her First and other Daughters in Tail general, with Remainder to the Petitioner in Fee; who are all willing to join with the Petitioner; but they and the Petitioner cannot, as he is advised, grant and convey the said Lands and Tenements, in Exchange, as aforesaid, so freed and discharged, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That by the said Bill, to be brought in, the Petitioner may be enabled to grant and convey the Petitioner’s Lands and Tenements so to be granted by him in Exchange, freed and discharged from all the Customary or Copyhold Tenures, Rents, Customs, Services, and Suits of Court, by which they are now held of the Petitioner’s said Manors, or either of them; and also freed and discharged from all Common, Right of Commonage, Fold Course, and feeding of Sheep, which the same Lands, or any Part thereof, are, or have been claimed to be incident or liable to.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir John Griffin Griffin, Knight of the moil honourable Order of the Bath, the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Trustees of

the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions, of the Alms-house in Saffron Walden aforesaid, commonly called King Edward the Sixth’s Alms-house, and of the Feoffees of the same Ahns-house, and also of Thomas Fuller, an Infant of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, by Edward Davy, and Thomas Wolfe, the testamentary Guardians of his Estates during his Minority; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton, Sir William Maynard, and Mr. Luther be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

937

Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr, Whitworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

nwreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Plm ken’*

the Bill for enlarging the Time given to Trustees Estate. therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of > several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett,

Esquire, in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Proteflaut purchasers; and also, by another Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them in and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the said 16th Y'ear of the Reign of his said late Majesty; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments threreunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms of, and Ledbury amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading R°s<h» from Ledbury, in the County of and for

widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromejberrow, in the County of G to Swan, in the County of Worcester, and from thence through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Terms of, and amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from bury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

13° Martii.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom PiperMnn, the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the Eall the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign °* Time. of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tuff- widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the nell. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Bull, Lord George Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and Cavendish, Mr. Hume, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. through Glastonbury and Wells, to the While Post, in the Staunton, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from William Maynard, Mr. Foley, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Rush- Wells to RuJ/i Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and.

out. Sir Edzoard Bayntun, Mr. Parker, General Bof- for repairing and widening several other Roads leading cawen, Mr. Burt, Mr. Luther, Mr. Hanbury, Sir from the City of was committed; That the

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hunt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Joliffe, Sir Kendrick and found the same to be true; and that the Com-Clayton, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fuller, Co- mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several lonel Hotham, Mr. Harlei/, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Kynaston, Mr. Worjlei/, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gray, to report to the House; and he read the Report in Mr. Waller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Grey, Lord his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Vol. 29. Amendments,

938 i

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of 11tem, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Tewketoury Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom R°ad. the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Parishes of Defford and Birlingham, in the County of Worcester, on behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Lambe said, That he knows the Road leading from Eckington Bridge towards Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn, to Perjhore aforesaid.

That the said Road is frequently so bad that it is im-pastable; and Persons are obliged to leave the Road and go over the Meadows; and that it is in many . Places very narrow; and cannot he dVedually amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, leading from the Town of Texokef-bury, in the County of G as relates to the First

District of the Roads therein mentioned, and for amending the Road from a Place called Comb Hill to a Bridge at or near Norton Mill, being Part of the Road from Teweksbury to the City of Gloucester: is committed.; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and widening the "Road which leads from a Place called Eckington Bridge towards Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn to Perjhore.

Stoke A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Alhmy Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Inclosur*, Albany, ;Q the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Shijpner, Sir Charles Mr. Mon-

tagu, Colonel Howe, Mr. Parker, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr.

Fonereau, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Tudnay, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Plumptre, Lord John,

Mr. Tuffnell, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Gray, Lord Strange, Mr. Waller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Waricick, and LeAnd

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cambridge Ordei’ed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wth- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Cambridge, in the Room of the Right honourable Philip Yorke, commonly called Lord Viscount Royjbon, now Earl of called

up to the House of Peers.

knareiborough Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee, >v aterwor ». to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Knarejbo and of that Part of the Township of Scriven with adjoining upon

Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of 16

Martiu . 1764.

York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the said Part of the said Township of Scriven with Tentergate; and also the Petition of Leonard AtkinJ'an, of Methley, and John of

Selby, both of the West Riding of the County of York, Engineers; were referred;That the Comm'ttce had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Idea lit, and Mr. Edtoard being examined; said. That the said Borough is very populous, and a great Trade is carried on therein.

That the furnishing the said Borough and Township of Scriven with Tentergate, with Water, w’ould be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, as wfcll as a great Advantage in case of Fires; that there are but few Wells in the said Town, and have no other Water but from the River Nidd; and that Leonard Atkinson, and John Lomas, Engineers, are willing to furnish the said Town with Water at a rensonable Expence.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, Mr. LeonardEngineer, said, That lie

and Mr. John Lomas are willing to furnish the said Borough and Township with a i'ufficient Quantity of Water, at a reasonable Expence, for the Use of the Inhabitants, by an Engine, out of the River which runs by the said Borough, and to convey the fume, by Pipes, into the Streets of the said Borough and Township, if they were enabled by Parliament so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better supplying the Town of Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tentergate, adjoining to the said Town, with Water: And that Lord John Cavendish, Mr. and Sir Anthony

Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing Africa the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Extract; of a Letter from Captain Marsh, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the Harwich, to Mr. Clevland, dated in Port Royal Harbour, the i oth March

*759 '

Copy of the State and Condition of James Fori, in the River Gambia, the 9th 1758:

Copy of the State and Condition of the Fort on Bance Island, the 28th June 1758:

Copy of the State and Condition of the Fort of Dii-cove, the 27th of July 1758: And also,

Copy of the State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, the 20th August 1758:

Copy of the State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, the 25th August 1758:

Extract: of a Letter from Captain Scaife, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the Chesterfield, to Sir. Cl viand, dated at Antigua, the 7th May 1760:

Copy of the State and Condition of the several undermentioned Castles, Forts, and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, taken from 14th November 1759, to 14th February 1760:

James Fort, River Gambia:

Dixcove Fort:

Succondee Fort:

Commenda Fort:

Cape Coast Castle:

Annamaboe Fort:

Tantum Quarry Fort:

Winnebah Fort:

James Fort, Accra:

Extract

4 Geo. III. 120 M939

Extract of a Letter from Captain , Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the Centurion, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 17th March 1761, at Jamaica: Copy of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements in Possession of the Company of Merchants trading to the Coast of Africa, taken the ill October and 28 th of December 1760:

Extra# of a Letter from Captain to Mr.

Clevland, dated on Board His Majesty’s Ship the chester, at Barbadoes, the 20th of June 1762:

Copy of the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements belonging to the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, taken between the 9th January 1762, and 1 ft of May 1762, by Captain of

His Majesty’s Ship Wine

Copy of an Account of the Officers, Soldiers, Tradesmen, Caboceers, and Castle Slaves belonging to the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, taken 'between the 9th of January 1762, and the ift of May *762, by Captain John of His Majesty’s

Ship Winchester:

Extra# of a Letter from Captain Smith, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the to Mr. Clevland,

dated the 16th of August 1763:

State and Condition of Fort, April ift,

1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Succomlee Fort, 3d April 1763:

Copy of a Report of the State and Condition of Commenda Fort, 6 April 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle, the 12th of April 1763:

Copy of a List of all the Committee’s Slaves remaining at Cape Coajl Castle, 12th April 1763:-Copy of the State and Condition of Fort,

15th April 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, 15 th April 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Tantum Fort, 17th April 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of James Fort, Accra and Vernon Fort, at Prampram, 19th April 1763: Copy of a Letter from Captain Bateman, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Ludlow Cq/tle, to Mr. Stephens, dated in St. John's Road the 8th December 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of James Fort, in the River Gambia, 6th May 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of the Fort of Bdnce island, 26th May 1763: Copy of the State and Condition of Dixcove Fort, 20th July 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Fort Secondee, 2.0th July 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Commenda Fort, ill August 1763:

Copy of the State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle, 22d August 1763.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are prefnrved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Lm* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House relating to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pitot*, upon the Bill to continue several Laws, for the better

regulating of Pilots for the condu#ing of Ships and

VefleLs from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames and Medway; relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Custom or Excise, and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty Vou 29.

to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, di-re#ly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks*, Floodgates, Sluices, or other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Then House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dyson took the Chair of the Committeo.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dyson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddire#ed him to report, w’hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill ? to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, StiI cloth» upon the Bill for continuing certain Laws therein men- &c* tioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies of America; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. }

Mr. Dyson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dyson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whiticorih reported from the Committee, to Westminlto whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting Paving, in Execution the several A#s of Parliament, passed in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Box, Clerk to the said Commissioners, and Mr. George Wyatt, being severally examined, said.

That the said Acts are, in many Respe#s, defective, particularly, that the several Vestry Clerks are at Liberty to demand what Price they please for Copies of the Rates.

That the Commissioners have no Power to mitigate Penalties for Breach of Contract, where the Injury sustained is less than the Penalty; which may occafum a Backwardness in Persons to contract with the Commissioners.

Then a Member present informed your Committee,

That Money is subscribed for opening a Passage called the Devil's Gap, between Drury Lane and Great Queen Street, near IJncoln’s Inn Fields; but there is no Power

in the Commissioners to summon a J ury to ascertain the Value of the Houses neceflitry to be pulled down for that Purpose.

Several Members present confirmed the above Evi-xi F dence;

940

12° Martii:

A. 1764

dence, and said, That the said Acts are, m many other' Respects, defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wefimvfer, the Pari (lies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint GeorgetheMartyr, Saint George

Bloomjbwy, that P&rt of the Parish of Saint

Holbourn, which lies in the County of the

several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancnf.tr which lies iii the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other1 Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Wliitworth, General Howard, Sir John' Philipps, Mr. Edmonfone, Mr. Mr. Plumplre,

Mr. Dotvdifwell, and Mr. Filzherbert, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at-the' Door , he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Amount; A11 Account of Tea cleared of the India Com-:

*ea* pany, from the 5th April 17^3, to the 5th 1763:

Also, an Account of stich 'lea as has been delivered from private Merchants Warehouses, from the 5th’ April 1757, to the 10th October 1763.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Session.’

Providing Ordered, That L cave be given to bring in a Bill to additional impower the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or picric the Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time to the being, to lay out so much of the dead Stock in the A^neraint Bank of England, of the Money of the Suitors in the of Chancery. Court of Chancery, as will be lullicient to raise a Fund to pay an additional Clerk in the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Trainimr. The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce Into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tkne, upon this Day Sevennight.

Seizures Orde’rcd, That the proper Officer of Officers do lay

of. . before this House, an Account of all Seizures of Spi-GoocU. rituous Liquors, Wines, and Teas, made in Great Britain or Ireland, or on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, fmee the' it! of January 1763; distrngdish-ing those made on Shore, from those oh Float 5 *H*6 those made by His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, front Inch as have been made by the Vessels belonging to the Custom-house; and also an Account of fijeh Ships or Vessels as have been seized, condemned and burnt within the said Time, by virtue of any Lavy9 relating tb the Customs.

Re«stre ted"* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill fb# into the the more cafy Difelmrge of Recognizances estreated I xchcquir. into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer: And that Mr*

15 ' 1

Gray, Mr. Ixnvndes, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time for Pay- Duty* ment of the Duty granted by an Act, passed in the last Cyd« and Session of Parliament, upon Cyder and Perry made in l>en>-Great Britain; and for altering the Composition authorized to be made in respefft of such Duty-; was read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving dutthe Glause, beginning in Pr. 8. relating to Blank Permits.

And the Question being put, that the said Ciattfe statnd Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

- Refolded-, That’ the Bill do pass: And that' (he Title be’, An Act to explain and amend fuclv Partof an Ain1, ihade in the last Session of Parliament), intituled, An Act for grain ting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and cef- tain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thou haul Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as relates to Cyder and'

Perry made in this’ Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Whalelydo carry the Bill to thet Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen TnM who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill of Awria Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions, which, upon Saturday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, as were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bril, or in One of the said Bills, for more effectually preventing the clandestine Exportation, Importation,- and Conveyance Of Goods to and from the Briti Colonies and Plantations in America; and for improving and securing the Trade between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Plantations.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition'of the Chaplains of the Royal Navy, which was presented to tire House upose the 47th Day of Januanj last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of 'the Chaplains, who have served in His Majesty’s Fleet during the late War; distinguishing the Time of their respective Services y be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimatd of the* annual Charges of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplain's, who have served on Board His Majesty’s Ship's for the Space of Five Years during the late Wars With France and

Spain; Fifteen at is. 6d. per D and Fifteen at is.;

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on 31st December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Navy, V iftuaHhig, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1763, and have not been Converted into Annuities after the Kate of per Gen tarn per AnnUih, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Cooif mittee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Navy, Viftuollingi

and Trdnsport Bills, which have been delivered in t o'the Theafdrer of Hte Majelii’s Navy, in ptttfuande of a Rdsolution of the honourable House of Commons of 6th February last, be referred to the said Committee.

A Me*

Vf ud ]

t

4 Geo. III. J2° — 130 Marti94?

A Motion being made. That the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare art Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called and of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subfiilance for the Commission Officers of the said Militia^ under the Rank of a Captain, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764; and also an Estimate of the Amount of Twenty-eight Days Subsistance for the Field Officers and Captains of the said Militia, for One Year; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Mr..Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for the Year 1764, as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing bow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1763 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of March 1764, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. What eh/ took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whately also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted -to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and MeaniS for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whately also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

tie/olved, Tha.t this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 2g.

Mart is, 130 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1764.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Mackenzie, Mr.

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing tUe Common Fields, Comrnwl Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds; and Waste Grounds of and in the Manor and PariflV of Everdon, otherwise Great Eve and Little in the County of Northampton, is committed.

Everdon

inclosure.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Nedham’i the ingrossed Bill from the'Lords, intituled, An Act Agreement for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the poum/line Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Main- Hospitalf tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert NedJidm, Esquire, dfeceased, relating to an Estate in the Ifiaitd of deviled by

the Will of Henry Nedltam, Esquire, deceased, waseom-mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the" Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fullei' do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan Senior have Leave to go Leave into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cafions.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whorti Cracklty the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ®an*c others, residing Irt and near the Roads therein after- Shrewsbury mentioned, was referred, That the Committee -had Road. ' examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followettt; viz.

To prove the Allegations of she: said Petition, Mr.

Francis Chambre;and Mr. Rowland Chambre, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from Bank,

through Shawbitry' and Went, to and . the

Road branching out of the last mentioned Road between Horton and Wolverley, through to the

Turnpike Road between Shrewsbury and Ellfmere in Burleton, in the County of Salop; iare in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places; and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Infff u&idn to the Committee. to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers of Two Acts of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the county of ;

and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horse Shoe in Uckington to Languor Green; and also from the West End of Atcham Bridge to the Cross Iioufes upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in

the said County; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill to repair the Road j

from Cothall. Bank; through Won, to EUefmere; and also the Road branching out of the last mentioned Road, between Horton arid Wolverley, through Loppivgton, to

943 130 Martii. ' A. 1764.

the Turnpike Road between and Ellef-

mere.

Crackle/ A Petition of several Proprietors of Lime "Works, in the County of Salop, which supply the Town of Shrewsbury Shtewsbury, and several other Places in the Neighbour-

Road. hood thereof, with Lime, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two former Acts for repairing she Road from Crackle}) Bank, in the Parish of Shiflhal, to the Town of Shreicsbury; and also for repairing other Roads tlterein mentioned} and alleging, that by the said former Acts, all Materials for building, not going to Market, (except Lime in the Winter Season) and Lime in the Summer Season, are exempt from Payment of Tolls on the said Roads; and that several of the Petitioners are Proprietors of several Lime Works lying near to other Turnpike Roads leading to the Town of Shrewsbury, and several other Places in the Neighbourhood, whereon Carriages with Lime are liable to the Payment of Tolls in all Parts of the Year; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Exemption from Payment of Tolls on the First mentioned Roads in the said former Acts, especially that for Lime in the Summer Season, shall be continued, it will be a great Injury to the Petitioners Lime Works, by occasioning a much greater Demand for Lime from the said First mentioned Works, than from those of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feera reasonable.

Ditto. A Petition of several Persons inhabiting the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in behalf of themselves and their poor Neighbours, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That in the said Acts no Exemption is specified for Coal, which is almost the only Fuel made use of in that Town and Neighbourhood; and that much the greater Part of the Coal there consumed is carried along the greatest Part of the said Roads, and pays Toll for the same at Two different Places, whereby the Price of Coal is increased; and that the Carriage of Lime in the Summer Season with other Materials for building, exempted from Toll, is very great; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if Lime, and other Materials for "building, were to pay the same Toll which is now paid for Coal, the Toll might soon be reduced on all Sorts of Carriages; and that thereby the Price of Coal might be greatly abated: And therefore praying, That the said Exemptions may no longer take Place; or else that Coal may be also exempted; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Act, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horse Shoe in Uckingfan to Longnor Green; and also from the West End of Atcham Bridge to the Cross Houses upon the -

north Turnpike Road, in the said County; is committed.

york The House was moved, that the Petition of the

to Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, which

Beverley was presented to the House upon the 29th Day of Fe-0,<1' bruanj last, and theu ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill far repairing and widening the Road from the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the Eali Hiding of the County of York, is committed; ami that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lord Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the honourable Lane W

Parser, was referred/l’hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and alicr-wardsdelivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Rament, being examined, said. That there is a Road, about Three Quarters of a Mile in Length, over certain inclosed Grounds called Woodbury Cloles, in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge, belonging to the honourable Colonel Parker; that it run* parallel with a Lane called Woodbury Lane, which leads from the V illage of Wato the Village of Sandy; which Lane has been repaired at a considerable Expence by Colonel Parker, and is now in good Repair,

That Colonel Parker is intituled to aToIl in the said Lane, for all Cattle, Sheep and Hogs, passing through the fame; and that he is willing to give up his Right to such Toll, and keep the said Lane in Repair, in case he shall be impowered to shut up the Carriage Road now used over the said inclosed Grounds; and the Witness said, that the shutting up the said Road would be of very little Inconvenience to any Person whatever; and that he did not believe any Person had the least Objection to it.

Ordered, That Ijeave be given to bring in a Bill for shutting up and discontinuing a Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands of the honourable George Lane Parker, in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And that the Lord Parker, and Mr. Sibthorp do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open NwlGland Common Fields, Meadows, and Pali tires, of North hdoiix Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, of North Cave, in the East Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. front a«ouw;

the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he E"$Sfc was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Gallons of Sjnrits of the Manufacture of England, exported, from the 5th July 1755, to the 5th of July 1763; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The

4 Geo. III. 13* Martii.

Bidefori The House was moved, that the Petition of the Roads. Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitant of the Borough, Town, and Manor of Bideford, in the County of , and of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, and principal Inhabitants living or residing in or near, and frequently travelling, the several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford aforesaid; which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear so them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Warxoick Mr. Stevensh Sir Charles Mr. , Lord

Warkuforth, Mr. SandyWilliam BeauchampProttor, Mr. Sibthorp, Lord Howe, Mr. Major, Sir George Savile, Mr. Folei/, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Pryce, Mr. Ijowndes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Qjbaldejltm, Mr. Hufke, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Archer, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Shiftier, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Parker, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Toxmjltend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Walter, Mr. Drake, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Armine Mr. Sir

Francis Vincentj, General Honey wood. Sir;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and SomerJ'et: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. The House was moved, that the Petition of several Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of

Frithalstoke, Langtree, Little Peters, Mar-

land, Padfiow, Sheepwash, Shehear, Black Torrington, Buckland, Filligh, Milton, Newton, Sitcomb, and Bickingtvn, in the County of Devon, in behalf of them-fflves and others. Occupiers of Land aforesaid; which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of Februanj last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House wasalfo moved, that the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Monkleigh,

Abbot'/ham, and A living ton; which was presented to the

House upon the Sixth Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Milford An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the to Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through ^Road"6 Haslemere, to the Portsnwuth Road between Lippock

and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. ult. In the Lift of Trustees for putting the Act in Execution, to insert the Name of " Thomas Parker, Esquire."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portstnouth Road between Lippock and Rake, i

Vol. 29.

the several Counties of Surrey, Sujex, and Southampton.

Ordered, That Colonel Molyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thoroton presented to the House, according to Bramcote Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from, 0<*<1 House, Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby -, and from Haffack Lane End to

in the said County of Derby, and from in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lafcclles reported from the Committee, to whom Rotherham the Bill for amending and widening the Road from through Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present ^h^on Turnpike Road near Pleojley, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chesterfield, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace Unhealthy for the County of Middlesex, in Session assembled, on State ot behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of Newgate, the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition of several Inhabitants of London, rdiding near the Gaol of Newgate-, and another Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; for rebuilding the Gaol of Nnegate-, have been lately presented to the House; and representing to the House, that the said Gaol is supposed to have been originally built in the Reign of King Henry the First, or King Stephen, and hath been under the foie Government of, and from Time to Time rebuilt, repaired, altered, and enlarged by, the City of London; and that, supposing the Number of Pri-

foners yearly committed to the said Gaol to be as great as is alleged by the said Petitioners, which these Petitioners do by no means admit, and that Two Thirds of them are Middlesex Prisoners, the Petitioners say, that the Number is not greater now than it hath been for a Jong Series of Years past; and that the County of Middlesex have Two Prisons, wherein, through the Providence of God, and the great Care that hath been constantly taken to keep the same clean, and to prevent Accumulation of Filth, no malignant Disease hath ever yet appeared, to which Prisons Persons for the less atrocious Offences are committed; and that the foie Reason why any Middlesex Prisoners are in Newgate is, that the City of London do, by their several Charters, amongdivers other valuable Privileges and Immunities, hold the Shrievalty of Middlesex, together with that of London, in Farm; and that as they unite those Two several Offices, and the Jurisii&ions attendant thereon, in the same Persons, so do they make the Prison of Newgate, which is fttuated in, and is properly the Prison of London, the Prison of the County of Middlesex-, and that therefore the Custody of the . Middlesex Prisoners is not to be considered as a Burthen on the City, but as a necessary Coosequence of their x 1 G Nomi-

944 13°

Nomination of the same Persons as are ’Sheriffs of Seizures j and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, l/mdon to be Sheriff of Middlesex, the Right to which of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of Nomination they must be supposed originally to have His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into foreign solicited, as theyconstantlyexerciseit, andund3rColour Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated thereof have for many Years pall raised immense Sums; according to Law; and for punishing Persons who thall and that although it is now upwards of boo Years finee damage or destroy any Banks, Floodgates, Sluices, or the First building the said Gaol, no Attempt hath ever other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made been made to charge the County of Middlesex with any navigable by Ad of Parliartient; was committed; the Expence attending the fame, but on the contrary, at a Amendments which the Committee had made to the Time of public Calamity, viz. immediately after the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the dreadful Conflagration in 1666, when the real Dicti efie9 House; and he read the Report in his Place; and of the Citizens might oblige them to implore the Aid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in of Parliament, they, without any previous Application at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments werfe to the County of Middlesex:, obtained for the Purpose once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One of building Prisons for Felons, and other Malefactors, by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-among other Things, a Grant of a very considerable upon, were agreed to by the House.

Revenue, by a Duty on Coals; that how much Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be soever the Petitioners may be disposed to lament, that, ingrossed.

v notwithstanding the many Alterations, Additions, and

Improvements, that have been made to 1lie said Gaol Mr. Dyson, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill;

within these few Years, the same is still fb ill construded, Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Sail Cloih,

close, and incommodious, as that the Prisoners are continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to *c*

subject to Disease, and the Prison is become a most British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign*

dangerous Nuisance; and they humbly hope, that the Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation

County of MidiHtfex is not answerable for any of the of British made Gunpowder; and for giving further

bad Consequences of its Construction or Situation, in Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stored

as much as the City, and not the County, have made from the British Colonies o {-America; was: committed

tt what it is; that for the several Reasons above men- the Amendments which the Committee had made to

tioned^ as also for divers others, of singular Weight the fiill; and which they had directed him to report to

gnd Importance, which the Petitioners have to offer* the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

they do deny, that the said Gaol ought to be rebuilt, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,.

at the Expence of the City of London and County in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

of Middlesex, in any Proportion whatever: And ouce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners; by One; and, upon the Question severally put the Ve-

may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against upon, were agreed to by the House.

the Matters* contained in the said Two several Petitions, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

so far as the some may any ways tend to impose a ingrossed.

Charge on the find County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Wombwell

Confederation, of the Committee, to whom the Petition. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common. Incl°k*e'

of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Wombwell, in subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others the the County of York- And the fume was received;

Inhabitants of Iwndon residing. near the Gaol of Npw- and read the First Time.

'gate, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by litfolvcdj That the Bill be read a Second Time, their Counsel, before the said Committee, Upon their-

said.Petition, if they think fit. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ben'iHe’i

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- for naturalizing James Nehon de Be rcille, was read a Nau mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the Second Time.

same Time, in favour of the said former Petitions, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler,.

against the Petition now presented Sir Charles Mordaynt, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Wilkinson,

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the* 'hU.ier.lie-, Mr. Chaplin', Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Committee to whom the said Petitions* are referred. , Hume, LordStrange, Mr Parker, Mr. Ofbaldefion, Mr.

r Shelley, Mr. JVilJofi, Mr. Alderman Beck ford. Colonel Thomgumbaid An ing^qfled Bill for draining and preserving certain Hotham, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Cust, Mr. Best, Mr. Ward,

rainage. Marsh Lands and Low Grounds within the Township of Mr. Price, Sir Roger Newdigate,. Mr. Ridley, Sir

Thomgumbaid, in the County of York, was read the Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fane, Sir John Glynne, Mr. IIbit,

Third Time, Sir Anthony, Abfly, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Pratt,i

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title Mr. Dyson, Mr Barrow, Sir William Codrington, Mr.,

be; An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh Southwell, Mr. Dozvdcfwell, Mr. Foley, Lord Ilozve, Mr.

Lands and Low Grounds within the Township of Sharpe, Sir William Baker, Mr. Harbord, Mr. JVbod,

Thomgumbaid, in the County of York. Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Buller, Lordr

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to Warkzoorth, Mr. Parker, Sir Richard JVanvick Bump* the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. fylde, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Montagu, Mr;

Gilbei't, Mr. Pye, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wynne,-Laws Mr. Dyson, according to Order, reported from the Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Coutts; Mr. Townshend, Colonel PilodT^&c ^ommittee of whole House, to whom the Bill to Barre, Mr. Hervey, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ryder 1 ot*’ c* continue several Laws, for the better regulating of Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Coventry, Lord Harry Poidelt,

Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Mr. Curzon, Sir Matthew Featherflonftangh, Mr.

Dover, Deal, and Hie of Thanet, up the River of Thames Grosvenor, S\r George Savile, Mr. Witbraham Bootle, Mr. and Medway, relating to the Landing of Rum or Elliot, Mr Grant: And they are to meet this After-Spirits of the BnVi//iSugar Plantations, before the Duties noon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, of Excise.are paid, thereon; and to the further Puniili* Ordered, That the Petition of John Haufer, and also ment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance the Petition of Johan Jacob Uckerman, which were of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief presented to the Hou(e upon the 5th Day of this InstanH of die Officers of the Customs in Informations upon March, and then ordered to lie upoiVthe Table until \1 . tho

r

Newport

hclosure.

Account; Logwood.

Kingston upon Hull to

Beverley

Road.

Mercers*

Company.

4 Geo. III. 13 Marin,94£

the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Waste Ground, called the Marfi, in the Township of Newport, in the County of Salop, and applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pale if on. Sir Ann hie fVodchonfc, Mr. Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Rigby, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Brand, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilbruham Bootle, Mr. Prat, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Chrzori, Mr Burrell, Mr. Wood, M r. P ref cot, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Ifcrvey, Marquis of Tavijtock, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ryder, Sir Robert Burdeft, Mr. Fuller, Lord Burghcrfh, Mr. Butler, Sir Edward Winninglon, Mr. Dison, Lord Brownkw Bertie, Mr. Whately, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Upton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, and Lane after: And they ace to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do, lay before this House, an Account of the Dujy paid upon the Exportation of Logwood, and other Dyeing Woods, from the ill of January 1750 to the ift of January 1764; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Nexvland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding;, was read a Second Time.

Ref dyed’. That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Dun das, Mr. Hume, Mr. Dison, Mr. Butler, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Upton, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Holt, Sir Lionel Pilking/on, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Banbury, Sir Armine Wddehonfe, Mr. Paterson, Lord Brorvnlozo Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Robin fan, K Sir John Turner, Mr. Mohpieux, Sir Robert Ladbroke,' Mr. Plummer, Sir Matthew Fealherftonhaugli, Mr. Fifz- ‘ herdert. Lord Allen, Mr. Burrell, Lord Elide, Mr Noiris, Lord Grey, Mr Prat, Mr. Gore, Mi\ Gray;1 and all the Members w!k> serve for the Counties of^ York, Durham, Nortlnmibei land, Cumberland, JVc/l-' metreland, Lancaster, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afteirioon, ai Five of the Clock,’ in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A* Bill to impower the Wardens and Commonalty of: the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London; to’ apply certain Sums of Money now in their Hands, or1 due to them for Arrears of Rent; and also all Monies’ which may hereafter arise from their anndal Income and’ Estates, after Payment of their several Annuities, aridr other Sums charged, and to b^ charged therkoii, towards1 Payment of the other Creditors of the said Warden's* and Commonalty; Was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Custp Mr. Kynaston, Lord BrowntdW Bertie, Mr. Foley, Sir' Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Ryder, Mk Upton, Mr. Shiffher, Mr Luttrell, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Grosvehor, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charted Mordtiunt, Ml\ Prefcbt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. A my and, Mh Edmonstone, Mr. Aider-( man Beckford, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Harris, Sir Anthony'1 Abdy, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Glctccr, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert

Vol. 29.

Ladbroke, Mr. Butler, Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. 'Thoroton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Stevens,

Sir Lynch Saluftniry Cotton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Wit* braliam Bootle, Mr. Burt, Sir John Gibbons, Mr, Hume,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Houblon, Sir George Yon’ge, Mf.

B unbury. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr, For refer, Sir George Savile, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Graft, Mr. Grant; a rid all the Members who serve for the City of London; and the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, EJfhx,.Surrey, and Hertford; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afterhooh, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

.Mr. Whately, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to, whom it was referred to consider father of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as -followeth; viz.

Resolvea, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Spm, not exceeding Six hundred; and Fifty thousand Pounds, be gyantedto His Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the ;Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Four hundred Eighty-nine Pounds and Three P^nce, be granted; to His Majesty,. to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year

rihe said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upop the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Whdteley, according to Order, reported from. *n<j the Committee of the whole House, to whom it. was* Mean£ referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee, had direct^d him to report to tlfe House; which tie read in his Place;, arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read'; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That ari additional Diity of One Pound Two Shillings

Sterling Money per Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all White or' Clayed Sugars of the Produce-or Manufacture of any foreign A meric an Colony or* Plantation, imported into any Britisfi Colony’or Plantation in America.

RefJlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Produce of the said additional Duty be paid intp the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and there refened;' for be froth Time to Time disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary' Expert ces of defending, p'rote6ting, and securing the British.

Colon ies aridRahtations hi America. r

Resolved, That it is the Opinion;of this Committee

That upon all Wines (except Preric/r Winesj exported’ as Merchandize from this Kingdom to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, aDrawback'be allowed of a if 'the Duties paid on th^ Jroportation of fuclf Wines* except Three Pounds Teh Shillings per Ton,

Part of the additional Du ty of 'Four Pounds per Ton," granted by an Act ih<Wfe in the' last Session of Parliament; and also,' exCbptf such Part of the Duties paid upon Wines imported by Strangers or Aliens, or in foreign Ship^ a£exceeds wtiaYwould have Wen payable upon such Wines, if the same had been imported by British Subjects, and in ffritij// Ships. f

Rcfvlvek, That it is the OpTnion of tlvis’Committee

That no Allowance tfe made for Leakage, upon, t hej Importation'of afiy w ines into this Kingdom/ mdefe fuCli Wines he’ imported dI redly from " I he I^ace of their Growth, or from the ufu^I Pldce of ;their Firf[

ShlpplWgy except Q\\\f Mtidcb'ct Winei? iibp^sted fiorn

any

946 \ £ Martii.A. 1764.

any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or from the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person or Persons be permitted to import in Ships belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects, Whale Fins taken from Whales 9aught by any of His Majesty’s Subjects in the Gulph or River of Saint Lawrence^ or in any Seas on the Coasts of any of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or Duty for the fame, (other than and except the Rate or Duty, commonly called the Old Subsidy) for the Term of Seven Years, from the 25th Day of December 1763.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill or BiHs, pursuant to such of the Resolutions, which, upon Saturday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, as were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Four first Resolutions, this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which has been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Dyson and Mr. Hunter do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

The other Order of the Day being read; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending the Highways by Assessment, instead of the Six Days Labour;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for limiting the Number of Horses drawing Carts or Waggons with narrow Wheels, in public Roads and Highways, not being Turnpike Roads; and also for encouraging the Use of broad Wheels.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

72.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ft;*,

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUsrsfo, U,.Y^{Sf »9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Tuddfnham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the Manors of North TuddenHam, alias Saint Clere's, Mattishall Tuddenham on the Part of North Tuddenham, and Bellhouse Hall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham,

in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Wastes within the said Manors and Parish, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent., in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South Enel of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And’also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Spencer to make Leases of the Manor of Battersea and Wandsworth, and of Lands and Grounds in Battersea and Wandjworth, in the County of Surreij, purchased in Pursuance of the Will of the Most Noble Sarah, late Dutchess Dowager of Marlborough, in Order for building upon and improving the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Onslow, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Brand, General Honeyiooood, Mr. Hujke, Sir William Oxven, Mr. Archer, Mr. George Clive, Mr. Sh iff her, Mr. Cooke, Lord Winterton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough, Town, and Manor of Bideford, in the County of Devon, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, living or residing in or near, and frequently travelling, the several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford aforesaid, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, and County of the same City, in Common Council assembled.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Mayor for the Time being, and Fleven other Aldermen, are Justices of the Peace for the City of Gloucester, and County of the same City, and that several of the said Aldermen having usually resided, and some of them do now reside out of, and at a considerable Distance from the said City; that therefore it is necessary for the better Execution of the Powers intended by the Bill now depending in the House for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the City of Gloucefer5 and for lighting the Streets of the said City; that all the said Aldermen, as well as the Five Senior Aldermen, should be Guardians of the said Poor; and that they apprehend, it is the more immediate Office of the said Mayor and Aldermen, as Justices, to rate, assess, and levy, the several Sums to be charged upon the Inhabitants towards lighting the Streets of the said City, which the Petitioners observe, is very necessary to be enforced by Law, and ought not to be left to the Direction and Inclination of Individuals only to judge of the Manner or Necessity of doing it, provided the same shall not exceed a certain Expence, to be limited by the House; and observing, that several Petitions have been presented to the House against the passing of an Act of so much Necessity and Utility of that City; proceeding, as the Petitioners believe, from great Misapprehension, or Misrepresentation, of the View, Purport, and Intent of the Bill, and not framed by the collective Sense of the several Parishes, in their respective Vestries^ or upon real Circunillances and just

Informations;

Barton upon Trent to Derby Road.

Callington

Roadi.

Lord

Spencers

Lillies.

Bideford

Roads.

Gloucefta

Poor.

Sugar

imported

into

Ireland.

4 Geo. III. 13" — 14° Martii.

947

Informations; that the Guardians of the several Parishes in the said City had first a previous Meeting, to considerof an Application to Parliament for the Purposes in the Bill, with respecto the Poor; and after having consulted the Inhabitants of their respective Parishes thereon, at their several Vestries, at a subsequentMeeting or Court of the Governor and Guardians, holden for that Purpose, afterwards agreed unanimously to seal the Petition presented to the House, except the Guardians of the very small Parish of Saint Mary de Grace, not confiding of more than Twenty-six or Twenty-seven Houses, nor contributing more than about a Thirtieth Part of the whole annual Expence for the Relief of the Poor of the said City; and representing to the House, that the greatest Part of the present Debt from the Workhouse in the said City, was incurred, as the Petitioners have been informed and believe, in the following Manner; viz. About One Third Part, by a very ill-judged and mistaken Law Suit, unnecessarily entered into about Twenty-six Years ago, by the then Governor and Guardians of the Poor, most of whom are now dead; and the greatest Part of the Remainder of the said Debt was incurred by a Defect in the Pow ers of the former Acts, to enforce the Payment of the several Sums rated and assessed upon the Inhabitants, of the several Hamlets and Parishes, Two whereof are Petitioners against the Bill, and have never yet paid the fame; and thatfince the Workhouse hath beendiscontinued, the Poors Rates of the said City have been greatly increased; and as it is intended by the present Bill, that the Governor and Guardians shall be.restrained from railing any Sums of Money from the several Parishes, which shall exceed One Third, more than what has been paid, for any One of the five Years preceding the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, the Petitioners hope, that the said Governor and Guardians may be enabled by necessary Powers; to put the Acts in Execution for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; that the Petitioners apprehend, it will be expedient for the said City, that the Treasurer of the Workhouse, for the Time being, shall, at every Quarter Sessions to be held for the said City, pass his Accounts of Monies received and paid on Account of the fame, for every preceding Quarter: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Alterations and Amendments, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners, if they think it necessary, may he heard by then* Counsel upon the said Bill, and have such further Relief in the Pre-mi fes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions which, upon Saturday last were reported from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, as were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for preventing the Importation of Sugar into Ireland, except flopped and loaded in Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 140 die Martii J

Anno 40 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1764. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages from Comb ill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and make ing the same more commodious; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; AnA6t to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank; and making the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening and keeping in repair several Roads, leading from the Buck's Head at Watling Street to Compton, and the New Inn-, and from the Birches Brooke to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton; in the several Counties of Salop and Stafford; is committed*

The House was moved, that the Petition, of the several Gentlemen of the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed; which was presented to the House, upon the Second Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the? Consideration of the Committee: to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Sahp; and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the HorseShoe in Uckington to Languor Green; and also from the West End of Atcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgemrth Turnpike Road, in the said Courn-ty; is committed.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Locklon Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the? Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 29.

11 H Rfolved,

Bank of England;

Walling

Street,

&c.

Road.

Cratldey

Bar»k

to

Shrewsbury

Road.

Whitby

Roads.

Bofmere

and

Claydon

Poor.'

048 14 9 Martii.A. 1764.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Or-reel I, Mr. Llcyd, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cholm-ley, Mr. Nor they. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Parker, Mr. Maivbey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Waller, Mr. Armjlead Parker, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Millet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Dy-son, Mr. Bacon, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Glover, Mr. Morton, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vane, Mr . Prefcot, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Sandys. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Thomas Palmer, Ts/lv.Rice, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Willy, Sir George Savile, Mr. Luttrell, Mr Lewis-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Houghton Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marsh, other wise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln, wascommited, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except

.....Hazelden, who is possessed of Two

Acres in the said Common Fields, who could not be found; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

fort to the House; and he read the Report in his lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clqrk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Derby An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads

fcoads. the West Fnd of a Street in the Town of Derby,

called the Bridge Gate, over the River Erwash, in the County of Derby; and from thence through Eajhvood, to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham: and from Eastwood aforesaid, to the West End of the Town of Nutt hall, in the said County of Nottingham; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 24. After " Lea per," to insert, " The Right " honourable John Manners, commonly called Marquis of Granby Pr. 21.1. 3. After "Lane," to insert, " as herein " after mentioned."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; and several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Fite Gerald’* Mr. Morton reported from the Committee, to whom Estatet* the Bill for divesting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of Rathrone, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands *7

in Ireland, was committed, That the Committee bad examined and found that the Standing Orders concerning Notices to be ^iven in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Confeut to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing the Open and Common Field, Weflbury Common Meadows, Common Pastures; Common Inclosure. Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor,

Parish and Liberties of WeJtbunj, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Grenville, Sir William Baker, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Prat, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Brudenell, Mr- Elliot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Lord Gage,

Mr. Townshend, Colonel Bai'te, Mr. Molyneux, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Whiclbcot,

Mr. Bidler. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dowdefivell, Mr. Mi lies. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Fone-reau, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pane, Mr. Reynolds, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Clayton, General Lamb-ton, Mr. Gray, Sir George Savile, Mr. Glover, Sir George Armitage, Lord Frederick Cavendish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks,

Oxford, Berks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Aflibornt cording to Order, a Bill for widening and repairing the Road-Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called 'Opemvood Gate: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Anthony Abdy, presented to the House, accord- Knarelboro ing to Order, a Bill for the better supplying the Waterwo1 Town of Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tentergate, adjoining upon the said Tovrn, with Water, And the same was received*; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Or- Hcc0g»ii der, a Bill for the more easy Discharge of Recogni- ?ftrcaj zances estreated into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, accordmgto Order, a Bill to continue an Act made in the 5th Year by of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Bankr Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing &< of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for obviating Inconveniencies which may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, inti tied to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the

Laws

4 Geo. III.

14* MartiL

949

Bidcford

Roads.

Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough, Town, and Manor of Bideford, in the County of Devon; and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, living or refuting in or near,

leading

T^Penniet *° cont*niie an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Scots. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Rqads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Azcbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tudcrtey; and from Lockcrleij Mill Stream, to East Dean Gate 5 and from the said Garden Wall, to the Turnpike lload leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Horbling, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said Fen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hilly near Buxton and Clutpfxl in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads, in the said Acts mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chappel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate; and from Whaley Bridge to the Westeru End of Longside Common, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hor-Jham, in the County of Suffe.x, through the Parities of Shipley, West Grinjled, Ashurst, Stxyning, pr amber, and Breeding, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill ,to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in their Qualifications, within VOL» 29.

and frequently travelling, the several Roads from the Town of Bideford aforesaid; is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Stanbridge

Lane,

&c.

Road.

Horbling

inclosure.

Sherbrooke, Sec. Roads.

Horlham

Roads.

Offices

and

"Employments.

the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, wfiofe Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Fo^ce for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is 'concerned in the Bill for tlje better supplying of the Town of Knarejboroitgh, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tentergafte, adjoining to tfte said Town, with Water; which Bill was this Day re$d the First Time; and ordered to be read ja Second Tjm/e.

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty *$ Command! acquainted the House, That His Majesty h?viqg beep informed of the Purport of the said Bill, give? His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is cc^cerfted, that the House m?y do therein as they shaft tfrinfc fit.

Ordered, That Sir George Armitage be added tp tl\e Committee, who are appointed to inquire the Causes of the present high Price of Provisionf; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the'House, according to Order, a Bill for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late, Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said ppfynies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Easttand Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and distdknving several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more ettefturdly preventing the cl&ndcstine ‘Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Linen imported into England, together with the Duties paid thereon, from Christmas 1759, to Christmas 1762; distinguishing.each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House wifi, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day beipg read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and for

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, that the Estimate of ‘the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on 3 ift December 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1762, and hare not been

con-

Knaresborough

Waterworks.

High Price of

Provisions.

Supply Bill; American Du tit*.

Account;

Foreign

Linen.

Supply.

Way*

and

Means.

P5° H* — 15°

converted into Annuities, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, which have been delivered in to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of a Resolution of the honourable House of Commons, of 6th February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.' Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whately ^lfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Marlii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Several Open and Common Fields and Ings within Inclosure. the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marsh otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lin-, coin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marfi, otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln*

Ordered, That Mr. Whiclicot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Parker presented to the House, according Caalin^Y to Order, a Bill for {hutting up and discontinuing a Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands of the honourable George Lane Parker, in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed BUI for the dividing and inclosing the Stoney Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Inclosure Stoney Stanton, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places in the Lordship of Potters Marfon, in the said County, belonging to, and used with, the said Fields of Stoney Stanton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 13.1.23. After "and " to insert, " Be it further " enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " That the said Commissioners, or " any Three or more of them shall, and they are hereby required.*

Martii. A. 1764.

And the said Amendment Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Stoney Stanton, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands Meadows, and Commonable Places in the Lord flip of Potters Marfon, in the said County, belonging to, and used with, the said Fields of Stoney Stanton.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time be- . ing, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the Rectory; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Uses and Trusts of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, settled upon and for the Benefit of William Wigget Bullwer, and Manj his Wife, and their IfVue; and for substituting and settling other Estates and Hereditaments in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concur-, rence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, late oi Edmund H ungate Beagham, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent and Suffer, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann, Esquire, or as he shall appoint, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money arising from such Sale, for the Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant; to which the Lords desire the Concurernce of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of HujbdiuVs Bosworth, otherwise Boresworth, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Dewdefevell, Mr. Whiclicot, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Price, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harbord, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Mr. Sandys, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Captain Lockhart, Mr. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Iloxcard,

Sir Edmund Isham, Wr.Phnmner^xx William Baker, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fd7ze, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Warkicorth, Mr. Gray, Lord Stmnge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Northcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties oi Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from Tinfey, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncafer, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from

Tinfey,

BUkfdon

Incloswe.

Bery

Gltbe.

Blower's

Estates,

Beaghan’s

Estate.

Bosworth

inclosure.

Tinfle;

Road.

4 Geo. Ill* t$b Martlu'< 951

Tinjlcy\ in the County of York, to the Town of Honcaf tcr, in the said County*

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcelks do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fcioglton A Petition of the several Btirgefies, and other Inha-upon Hull bitants of Hey don, in the East Riding of the County of Bcmlcy York, and allb of the Inhabitants of Preston, Billon, arid Road/ other Towns in the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That the Road leading from a Place called Sutton Gate, upon or near the pre-lent Turnpike Road between* the Town of Kingston upon Hull and Ileydon aforesaid, through the Towns of Sutton and Waughn, and over 1 Vaughn Terry, till it joins the present Turnpike Road between the said Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, ill the said Riding, at a Place called Theame Bar, is in a very rninoqs Condition, narrow in many Places, and almost impassable in the Winter, and cannot be amended without the Aid of Parliament; and alleging, that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered hi to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his late Majesty *s Reign, for repairing the Road between Kingston upon Hull and Beverley aforesaid, and for other Purposes; and that the Petitioners think it very reasonable that the said Road, from Sutton Gate to Theame Bar aforesaid, thou Id be repaired under the Powers of the said Act, as the}' pay the same Toll for travelling about Two Miles only on the said Road, between Hull and Beverley aforesaid, as is paid by them who travel the whole of the said Road: And therefore praying, That the said Road from Sutton Gate to Theame Bar may be included in the said Bill, under such Regulations as the I louse shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louse:

And it is referred to Sir f Fit Ham Codring ton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Ward, Mr. FoleyyMr.Lowndes, Mr. Tucker, SirCharksKemysTyntc, Mr. Fanereau. Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Plummer, Lord John Cavtndish, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. JFliicheat, Mr. Burt, Lord Orwell, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Glover, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who ftrve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Lincoln, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Beaghan An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElU»e. for veiling the Estate, late of Edmund linngate Beaghan,

Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann, Esquire, or as he shall appoint, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant; was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ledger* An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Com-Ashby mon Fields, Common Pafttires, Common Grounds, and Indoime. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pal'tures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton.

Vql. 29.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An irigfofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord to impower the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Spencer's Spencer to make Leases of the Manor of Battersea and ales* Wandftvorth, and of Lands arid Grounds in Batlerfea and Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, purchased iii pursuance of the Will of the Most noble Sarah, late Duehefs Dowager of Marlborough, in order for building upon, and improving the same, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee to whoiri Kingtfori the Bill for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of uIJ?n Hul* an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His lr8ets‘ present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were once read, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom Branctpeth the Rill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Lcloiure. Common, in the Township of Crook and Billyrow, within the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be.added to the Bill, directing the Method for raising Money to defray the Expellees of the Act,

And the said Clause Was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, to made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Barham KingGW^ctheSecond, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Archcliffe Fort, in Dover, through Folkstone to the Town of Hythe, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

11I ' which

1

Bullwer’s

Estates.

Portsca

Streets.

Mary !c bone Parochial Watch.

Ditto.

952 150 Mar Hi. A. 1764.

which they had directedhim to report to the House; public Notice given to the Parishioners in the Church and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards and Chapel within the said Parish; and that by Means delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the of that public Notice, the Petitioners have always an Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read Opportunity of attending the Vestry, if they think, pro- ' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; per, and of dissenting from such Proceedings of the said and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Committee as they disapprove; and arty of the InWaBi-with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the tant§ of the said Pari lit have also a Liberty, at all House. Tirpes, of iofpefting ail Books and Accounts concern-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing the Parish, without Fee or Reward, which Powers, ingrossed. the Petitioners apprehend, the Parishioners in Parishes

where.Select Vestries are established, cannot exercise;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and that t|ie Petitioners conceive they, and the other for discharging the Uses and Trulls of several Manors, Parish ion ere, now enjoy greater Benefitsancl Advantages Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, than they can hope to do by the Establishment of a Se-settled upon and for the Benefit of William Wiggct left Veftiy in the said Parish: And-therefore praying,

Bullwer, and Mary his Wife, and their Ifi’ue; and Tor That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into ! substituting and settling other Estates and Hereditaments Consideration; and that no Select Vestry, or other In- in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, stitution of that Nature, may be established in the Pa- to the like Uses; was read the First Time. rilli of Saint Mary le Bone; and that they may be heard

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. by Counsel against all such Paris of the said Bill as they

ilia.ll apprehend may affect their Inter eft; and that they Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to may have such Relief as the House shall think pro-Order, a Bill for the better paving of the Streets and per.

Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoy- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ances in that Part of the Parish of Portsca, in the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill County of Southampton, commonly called Por tfmouth is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their -Common: And the same was received; and read the Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Pe-First Time. tition, if they think lit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the A Bill to explain, alter, and amend an Act, passed same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King said Petition.

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the the nightly Watch and’Beadles, and cleans- A Bill for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances Reec^tt^cts

ing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, estreated into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, was "into^he Lane?, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways read a Second Time. ’ Exchequer,

and Canfewa}'s, and regulating the Poor, within the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Parish of Saint Maiyle Bone, in the County of Middle- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-

sex; and for making the said Act more effectual; was mittee of the whole House.

read a Second Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Rcfvlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sir William Beauchamp Pro6lor, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles House upon the said Bill.

Mordaunt, Mr. Maxvbey, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Safidys, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- PjipilH’ Loivndes, Mr. Burt, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Shiftier, Lord der, a Bill for allowing further Time for, Inrollments of Midleto?i,'Slr. Nugent, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Hun- Deeds and Wills made by Papilts; and for Relief of ec b' ter, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and Alderman Harley, Mr. Doivdefwell, Mr. Fojxereau, Mr. read the First Time.

Whately, Mr. Montagu, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Fane, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Grey, Mr. Ryder, Marquis of Tavistock, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Buller, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Whately, according to Order, reported from the Ways

Mr. Whihvcrth, Mr. Tudxvay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morton, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

Colonel Irwin, Mr: Major, Lord George Sackville, Mr. ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising n*

Harbord, Lord North, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Wilbraham the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions

Bootle; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- which the Committee had directed him to report to the

ties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Kent, and Surrey: House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come were read; and are as followeth; viz.

are t6 have Voices. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Persons interested in, or entitled unto, all or A Petition of t,he Churchwardens, Overseers of the any of the Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Poor, and Owners of Houses, Grounds, and Lands, Victualling Offices, or for Transports, made out on or and of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint before the 31st of December 1762; which, in pursuance Mary IcBone, in the County of Middlesex, was presented of a Resolution of this House of the 6th Day of Fe~ to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill bniary last, have been delivered to the Treasurer of being ordered to be brought in; and representing to the His Majesty’s Navy in order to be converted into A11-House, that by the said Act, of the 29th of his late nuities, as mentioned in the said Resolution; and who, Majesty’s Reign, the Churchwardens, Overseers of the instead of such Annuities, shall chuse to receive the Poor, and Parishioners of the said Parish, are hnpower- Principal and Interest due on such Bills, to the Time ed to appoint annually Twenty substantial discreet Pa- of the Payment thereof, and shall, in Books to be open-rifhioners, who, together with the Churchwardens and ed for that Purpose, at the Office of the said Treafu-Overseers of the Poor, are to be a Committee for the rer, express their Consent thereunto on or before the entiling \ ear, for executing the several Purposes of the Thirty-tirst Day of this Instant March, shall be intitled (hid Act, and to do all such Acts as shall be necessary to receive such Principal and Interest iu Discharge of the for the due Execution thereof; but the same are not to laid Bills, out of the Money granted to His Majesty, be in Force, until confirmed at a Meeting of the Parishi- in this Session of Parliament towards paying off and oners in Vestry, which Meeting is never held but upon discharging the Debt of the Navy, upon their deliver- rB ing

Account; Expences of the . Armlet

in Germany.

Accounts; JLinen,

4 6$o. III.

ing up the Notes or Receipts issued for the faipe, in like Manner as if they had not delivered the said Rills to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, according to the Resolution of this House of the 6th Day of February last; and that such of the said Bills, for and in respect whereof such Consent lh£ll not be so expressed on or before the 31st Day of this present Instant March, be converted into Annuities as mentioned in the said Resolution, And consolidated with the Annuities granted by an A6i of the last Session of Parliament, to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Beaver Skins imported into Great Britain from His Majesty’s Dominions in America, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in lieu of the said former Duties, there be granted to His Majesty a Duty of One Penny, to be paid upon the Importation of every Beaver Skin into Great Britain, from His Majesty’s Dominions in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty a Duty of Seven Pence upon each Beaver Skin, or Piece of such Skin, exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Pound, for all Beaver Wool exported from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said Duties be made applicable to the same Purposes to which the former Duties upon Beaver Skins were applied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Drawback be allowed upon Beaver Skins exported from Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Six last Resolutions of the said Committee: And that Mr. Whately, Mr. Alderman Harley, the Lord Orwell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rice, Mr. Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Jenkin/on, Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, and Mr. Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Expenditure of the Monies which have been issued since the 24th June 1761, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Combined Armies in Germany; distinguishing the several Services, the Authorities by which the Money has been issued, and the Persons to whom it has been paid.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Irish Linen exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations in America, with the Amount of the Bounty allowed thereon, from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before, this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Linen exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations in America, with the Amount of the Bounty allowed thereon, from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Linen exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations in America, together with the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed thereon, from Christmas 17^9 to Christmas 1762; dif-tmguifhi&g ea$h Year.

Vf*. ag.

S>S3

Ordered, That there ke laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of White Callicoes exported from Great Britain to the British Plantains in America, together with the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed thereon, from Christniqs 1759 (9 (Jhriftmus 1762; distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College of Christ in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said College, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Warden and Feljows of the College of Christ in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said College.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutileworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

And the said Amendment was read and is as follower h; viz.

Pr. 4. I. 3. After "and" leave out "their Succefc " fors," ami insert " the Right honourable James« <c Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Strange, " and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male " of their respective Bodies, and the Heirs Male " of thy respective Bodies of the said Earl of " Derby and Lord Strange, and their respective " right Heirs," instead thereof.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutlleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to A/rica, that they do consider of so much of an A6fc, made in the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, as relates to the Application of the Money received by the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Eliot, the Lord Orwell, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others His Majesty’s British Subjects concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. O/wald reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution $ which they had*directed him to report, when the House wiil pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report by received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

150 M

by

Manchester

College

Glebe

Burr

Glebe.

African

Trade.

Importing Salt into Quebec-

Whale

Fishery.

954

iS’Martu, '.A'-lffi*.

Cardiff

Hoads,

Veneris, 16° die Martii;

Anno 4° Georgii lHt!I Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

A BILL for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff\ and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, w as read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund, Thomas, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Boil’

:verie, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Edmoiistone, Mr. Prescot, Colonel Barre, Mr. Price, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crefzcell, Mr. Foner can, Mr. Coults, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Demp-Jler, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Limvood, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Parker, Sir Jarrit Smith, Air Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Buller, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Lloyd, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lozondes, Lord Orwell, Air. 1 Chile, Sir George Savile, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Richard Warwick Bainpfytde, Mr. Ward, Sir Edward Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Mon-;mouth, and Somerfel; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; was committed, That the Committee had con fid ere 1 the several Petitions to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment w as made by the I Ioufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Aloor or Common called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following w ere severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. After "within" to leave out "the " within."

Pr. 5. 1. 35. To leave out from " Proprietors" to " and" in Pr. 6. line 35. and insert " Quantity " and Quality confident, as to the said Commislioners, or any Two of them, shall appear to " be jult and adequate to their respective Rights," in head Unroof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feudally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at t lie Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Staindrop Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title -thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the 'Fable.

Ordered, That Air. Vane do carry the Bill tq the Lords, and do lire their Concurrence,

Air. Walter reported from the Committee, do whom Bideford the Petition of the AI ay or, Aldermen, Capital JBur<- Roadl* gelles, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough*

Tow n, and Manor of Bideford, in the County of Devon; and of the Gentlemen Clergy, principal, Inhabitants, living or refilling in or near, mid frequently travelling, the several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford aforesaid; and also the Pet ition of several Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Monkleigh, FrMJtfb Jtoke, Langtree, Little Toe ring ton, Peters Afar land,

Padfimv, Sheeptcq/h, Shebear, Black Tor?'ington, Buck-land, Filligh, Milton, Newton, Sitcomb, and Abuts Bick* ington, in the County of Devon, in behalf of them lei ves and others, Occupiers of Land aforesaid; and also the Petition of* the Inhabitants of the -Pantiles of Monk-lei gh, Littleham, Abbotsham, and Aldington; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the First mentioned Petition, no Perfoi* appearing in behalf of the Two last mentioned Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in ills Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James lIamlyn, VA(\\\\ve, John Spooner, Esquire, Mr. John Salter, and Air. Wm. Bygrave, severally said. That the several Roads described in the Petition, and 'which are intended to be repaired, leading from the said Town of Bide-ford, in the County of Devon, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot bp repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the 'Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Waller, Mr. Buller, and Air. Duke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Palmer presented to the House, according Grantham to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Road. Roads leading from the Towns of Grantham, Mellon Mowbray, Leicester, and Lutterworth, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, Atherftom to w hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Common Fields otAtherstone, in the County of Warwick, and all the Lands, Aleadovvs, and Grounds within the same, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ip-gross’ed.

Air. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Havern Order, a Bill to enable Lucy Knight ley, Esquire, to Inclosu inclose several Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Haversham, in the County of Bucks; and for vetting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said Lucy Knight-ley, and his Heirs; and for making a Coippensation.to

tie

- 49 f

4 Geo. III. i6°Martiu

the Rector of the said Parish, in heii thereof: And the the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Con* same was received; and read the First Time. won Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Rejotvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time. Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the.

Manor and Parish of West Haddon, in the County of Berville Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Northampton, was committed. That the Committee (ind other*) the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

Nat* naturalizing James Nekon de Berville, was committed, the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned

That the Committee had considered the Petition of had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction John Haufer y and also the Petition of Johann Jacob of the Committee; except several Persons, whose Pro-Uckei'man, to them referred; and thereupon bad made perty in the said Lands amounts to the annual Value several Amendments to the Bill; which they had of^.148; and that the whole of the Lands intended td directed him to report to the House; and he read the be divided and inclosed, amounts to the annual Value

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, of £.767; and that no Person appeared before the

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee

the Amendments were read; and are as folio we th; viz. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Pr. 1. l.i. Leave out "beseecheth" and insert " be- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to

" feech." report to the House; and he read the Report in his

1. 6. After " France" insert " Johann Jacob Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

" Uckerman, Son of Johann Jacob Ucker-M man and Anna Martha his Wife, born " at Wanfried, in the Landgraviate of " IleJ/e in Germany; and John Haufer, " Son of Hans CaJ'per Haufer and Salome " his Wife, born in the City of Brajil in " Switzerland "

1. 9. Leave out "his* and insert "their."

1. 16. Leave out "he" and insert "they."

1. 17. After " Berville" insert Johann Jacob Uckerman and John Haufer f and leave out " is" and insert they "they are."

I. 20. Leave out " a."

I. 21. Leave out "Subject" and insert " Sub-

jests."

J. 22. Leave out "he is" and insert "they are."

1. 25. Leave out "he" and insert "they."

). 26. Leave out "a;" and leavtf out "Subject" and insert " Subjects." b 29. After "Berville" insert Johann Jacob Uckerman and John Haujer"

I. 30. I^eave out "he is" and insert "they are."

Pr.2. 1.1. Leave out "his" and insert "their;" leave

out " Heir" and insert "Heirs;" and leave out " his" and insert " their."

J. 7. Leave out "him" and insert "them."

1. 9. Leave out " he" and insert " they."

1. 15. Leave out "he" and insert "they."

1. 20. After " Baville" insert Johann Jacob Ucker-man and John Haufer."

I. 22. Leave out " a."

I.23. Leave out " Subject," and insert "Subjects."

!. 30. After " Berville" insert Johann Jacob Uckerman and John Haujer, or any of them."

1. 31. After "Member" insert"or Members." I.35. Leave out "himself" and insert " them-"feives."

1. 36. Leave out " him" and insert " them, or " any of them."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill ,was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

At the End of the Title to add " Joha?m Jacob " Ucker man and John Haufer"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments do pafc. Ordered, That Mr. Butler, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

'lncbfurtr reported from the Committee, Jo whom

Vol. 29.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Brett'* veiling divers Messuages and Hereditaments, in the Estate*. City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett,

Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett and his Heins, discharged from the Ufesof his Marriage Settlement; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the fold settled Estate* to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Horton’* confirming a Partition of several Estates, late of Thomas Eftatts.

Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucestery between William Blanch, John Roberts, Richard Brereton, and others; and for vetting and settling the fPremiffes to the several Uses therein mentioned 5 to which the Lord* desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brett'i for veiling divers Messuages and Hereditaments, in the Estates. City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Bretty Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Edinburgh several Acts passed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Road* Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge ter the Town of 2ueensfernj, in the County of Linlithgow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmoury Mr. Coutts, Mr. Walter, Mr. Townshend

Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Sandys, Lord Alidletony Mr. Robinfoiiy Sir William Meredithy Mr. Mawbey,

Mr Gravy Mr. Skiffnery Lord OrwelU Mr. Montagu,

Colonel Barrey Mr. Harbordy Mr. Edmoitfioney Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Plumplrey Lord Gagey Mr.

Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Pop ham. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. BarroiCy Mr. jDempster, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Norrisy Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

11K Majory

Horton’s

Eiutcs.

Newnliam

Inclosure.

Answer to Aildress for Account.

Frauds

by

Bankrupts,

&c.

Whale

Fishery.

9 5 6 i6° Martii. A. 1764.

Major, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Oficald, Mr. Lowndes, M r. Luther, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Lafcedes. Sir Joltn Philipps; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, between William Blanch, John Roberts, Robert Brereton, and others; and for veiling and settling the Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edmund I/ham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Ncxonham, in the County of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Proprietors, whose Property in the said Land amount to the Annual Value of £.5; who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill;) and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to the Annual Value of £. 646; and no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the; House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Charles "Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Acj count therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been prefen ted to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for obviating Inconveniences which may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Esse r; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 26th Day of this Iniiant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do turu the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Mr.Oswald, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others his Majesty’s British Subjects concerned in

the Whale Fishery, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending the several Acts of Parliament, made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood, and others, upon the Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and loft in the Greerdand Seas, as relates to the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, by giving a Bounty on the Tonnage of Ships employed in such Fishery; and which was to be in Force unto the 25th Day of December 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be further continued until the 25th Day of December 1767; arid from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in tipdn the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Major, and Mr. Henniker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, Providing according to Order, a Bill to impower the Lord Chan- additional cellor, or Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners of the Accomptant Great Seal, for the Time being, to day out so much of General the dead Stock in the Bank of England, of the Mfcney of Chancery, of Suitors in the Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient to raise a Fund to pay an additional Clerk in the Office of the Accompt&nt General of the said Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dyson from the Committee appointed tq inquire Abufts into the several Frauds and Abuses in relation to fending p *n tre or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty 0 cc* of Postage; and to consider of the most proper Methods of preventing the same; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time to the House; acquainted the House, that the Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, in the Course of their Inquiry into the Frauds and Abuses in relation to the Franking of Letters, having had a Letter from one James Campinott, of Ealand, inf Yorkshire, to Joshua Stockwell, produced before them; which Letter is hereunto annexed, ordered the said James Campinott to attend them.

And the said James Camjnnott having acknowledged the said Letter to be of his own Hand-writing; and the said Joshua Stockwell having also given Evidence, that he had, in consequence of the said Letter, bought for the Use of the said Campinott Fifty-six Dozen of counterfeited Franks, of William Edwards (the Person found guilty, by the House, of having counterfeited Franks) for which Fifty-six Dozen of Franks he paid the said William Edwards, at the Rate of Six-pence per Dozen; and which he had accordingly sent to the said James Campinott.

And the Committee having thereupon heard the said James Campinott what he had to say in his own Defence, who acknowledged, that he had bought great Numbers of Franks of the said Edwards, and fold them again; but alleged, that he took them for a

Debt

4 Geo. III.

Debt which Edwards owed him; and that he fold them only to make his own Money; and that Edwards had told him, that he had them of Gentlemen’s Servants, to whom their Masters gave Authority to make use of their Names.

Upon the Whole Mattel* your Committee came to the following Resolution.

Refobved, That it appears to this Committee, that James Campinott is guilty of Buying and Selling a very great Number of Franks, on which the Names of several Members of this House were forged; and that, at the Time of his buying and selling the fame, he knew the Names of such Members were forged.

Elland, December 13th 1763.

My Dr. Jos.

Don’t think it’s from any Indifferancy that 1 have not wrote to you before now, I have oftens enquired after your Welfare; as to John and his Wife, there is but a very indifferent Agreement betwixt ’em, for file’s a most notorious ill Woman, the Particulars I don’t doubt but you’ve heard for {lie’s almost a Countery’s talk here, very like your Brother John will convince you that I was not negligent about your Affair before he came down; I desire you’ll ask Timo: Pollard if he has got any of Dacre's,

Meredith's, or Ashburne ham's Franks by him, if he has buy ’em as low off him as possible you can, he perhaps may give them you as they don’t pass now, I want to return them for some that I had of a Person, otherways I mull pay for ’em, if I have not of them Sorts for him, but if he’ll not give them you get ’em as low as possible; also pray go to Jo: Lee, and ask him if he has any of those Sorts by him, if he has get all you can of him, for I have a matter of 100 Dozen to repay; and if I pay for them in Money I am to pay 3d\. per Dozen; I cannot make you understand how the Agreement was betwixt the Person and I in a few Words, but I desire you’ll get me all you can, tell them you’ll give them the Worth of the Paper, and they are worth no more, as they don’t pass; don’t mention my Name; you had bell indeavour to get them in a bantering Manner; I’ll further beg of you to go to one John Buckley at the Sign of the Christophers in Barnaby Street in the Burro and desire he*!! either pay you 5 Shillings for some Franks he had off me or return the Fks to you, they was all Dacre's.

I am fenfable your Time is not altogether your own, but pray my Dr. Jos: favour me as soon as possible with both what I require and' an Answer, and what Particulars you can on all Accounts;

I am yor. mo. affectionate Friend and Wellwilher,

Jsim7 Campenot.

Am sorry I coil’d not fend this in a Cafe, but I have not one that’s good.

To Mr. Jos' Stock well, to be left with Mr.

Timo: Pollard at the Bed Lion in, Alder/'gate Street. London:

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, Vol. 29.

957

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said James Campinott be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to His Majesty’s Gaolbf Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The Lord Orzvell prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins, and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of iMncaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, \i\ Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person or Persons, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates, by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales; and that the Lord Strange and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Samuel Touchet, of London, Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty V. Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Alleging, That a Design having been formed, by his late Majesty’s Ministers of State, in consequence of Measures proposed to them by Thomas Camming, of London, Merchant, to attack the French Forts and Settlements at Senegal; and the said Thomas Gumming. having received the most satisfactory Assurances, both verbal and in Writing, that if the Attack succeeded he should have an exclusive Charter of the Trade to the River Senegal, for a limited Term of Years; and as a Number of Armed Vessels of a particular Construction was necessary, from the small Draft of Water on the Bar of Senegal, the said Thomas Cumming, with the Approbation of some of his Majesty’s then Mitiifters, applied to the Petitioner to fumish the fame, and for his general Assistance in this Armament; and that the said Thomas Cumming communicated the whole to the Petitioner, who, in consequence of a particular Agreement between them, relating to the exclulire

Charter

16° Martii.

Supply Bill; Duties on Beaver.

Duty on , Cyder and Perry.

Infants’ Estates in the Du chy of Lancaster, &c.

Touchet’a Expences at Senegal.

Touc bet’s Expences at Senegal.

958 16* Martii. A. 1704,

Charter proxnifed in case of Succefo; and of several Conferences with some of His Majesty’s Ministers thereon, particularly the then First Lord of the Admiralty, agreed to engage therein; and the Petitioner, in about Fourteen Days, fitted out, at his own Expence, Five Vessels of a particular Construction, completely armed, and adapted to the Purpose; and that in order to keep this Armament as secret as possible, the Petitioner not only omitted to take out Letters of Marque for his Ships, but cleared them all out as if for different Ports, with Orders to rendezvous at the Canaries to meet his Majesty’s Ships the Harzvich9 Nafau, and Rye, and Two Busses belonging to His Majesty, destined to join them, where they all happily joined accordingly; and that this Armament proceeded to attack Senegal; and in attempting to pals the Bar, One of His Majesty’s Busses, and One of the Petitioner’s Ships were loft, but the Four others, with His Majesty’s remaining Buss, got over, and, with the Marines, and some Sailors taken from on board His Majesty’s Ships, repulsed the Enemy’s armed Vessels and small Craft, placed within the Bar for the Defence of the River; whereupon the Fort capitulated, on the First of May 1758; and that the whole Expence of the Petitioner’s Outfit amounted to the Sum of £.10,223 5s. id. and the Loss thereon £.6,075 5 s. 6d. which hitherto remains unpaid to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner having, with all Humility, laid his same before His Majesty, and met with great Opposition from the Merchants trading to Africa, to the original Idea of an exclusive Charter for a limited Term of Years; and His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General having given their Opinion, that such a Grant would be inconsistent with the Statute of the 23d of his late Majesty’s Reign, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, having applied to the House to have the Fort of Senegal vested in them by Art of Parliament, in the same Manner as the other Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are; he is now under the Necessity of applying to the House, hoping to receive from them such Indemnity for h’\9 Expences, and Risque, in the late successful Epedition for the Reduction of Sertgal, as to them shall seem suitable, upon a Consideration of the Circumstances of the Cafe, and the Evidence he has to produce: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into their most serious Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises, as to the House seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and slate to the House the Matter of Fa$* contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Forrefier, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir William Baker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fitzherbert, M r. Dowdeswell, M r. Mackye, Lord North, Mr. Pitt, Lord Strange, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Harley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Burrell, Sir Anthony A bdy, Mr Barrow, Lord Howe, Mr. Pry/e Campbell, Mr West, Mr. Parker, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Rice, Mr. White, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynq/lon, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Harris; Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. B idler. Lord Baring ton, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Hunter, Lord Clive, Mr. R(fs, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fpncreau, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pennant, Lord Orwell, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Charles, Mordaunt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir Jarrit Smithy and all the Merchants of the House: Ar\d they are to rtieet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for 22

Persons, Papers, and Records: And all -who come ar* to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Supply Bill Reading of the Bill for granting certain Duties in American the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for utlc,‘ continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Americas for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ACfc for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clan-deftiue Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Agents for the Colonies of South Exporter Carolina, and Georgia, on behalf of their respective Colonies; and of several British Merchants, and Owners of Ships trading to those Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That the growing of Rice in the Colonies of South Carolina, and Georgia, has been productive of great Advantages to Great Britain, by increasing the Consumption of Bri-tifti Manufactures in the said Colonies, increasing the Demand for Negroes, and augmenting the Freights of British Shipping, besides contributing to the Increase of the Public Revenue, and that the Quantity of Rice produced in the said Colonies is already found to be hilly sufficient to supply the Consumption of that Commodity in the several Countries to which it may now be exported; and that in order to encourage a further Extension of the Culture of it in the said Colonies, it is necessary to open hew Markets for its Consumption; and that whilst the conquered Islands in the West Indies were ill the Possession of Great Britain, a very considerable Quantity of Rice was exported to them from Carolina and Georgia, for which Remittances were made to Great Britain, in Specie, in Payments of British Manufactures exported from hence to those Colonies, or of Negroes fold there; and that from the Suitableness of Rice for Food in Southern Climates, and from the Fondness the Inhabitants of those Islands, particularly the Spanish Inhabitants of Cuba, shewedfor it, there is the highest Probability that the Consumption of this Grain would have greatly increased in those Islands; and that still much larger Quantities would have been consumed in the other American Territories of France and Spain, had it been permitted to supply them with it; and that by the conquered Islands being restored to France and Spain, the Colonies of South Carolina and Georgia have loft the Consumption of so much Rice as the said Islands took off, because that, although it is permitted to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, and of all other British Colonies, to send to the said Islands, and all other Territories of States in America; Lumber, Fish, <?orn, and -every other Sort

Supply.

4<3eo. Ill

It is . uexwtl^le^rpj^bited by *^et of o < feud, Ripe to I lie Teir ftp pies of iqreigii*

of> Provisions Parliament to

States ip Africa* or Avt^ri'ca, without iouclfing at Great Britain; and that the extreme Distancebetween the Colonies of South Carolina eml Georgia, and Great Britain* and the Diliaftce between Great Britain, and the PoT-sessions of foreign States in America, and the African Elands, makes it impossible to fend Ricte from South Carolina or Georgia, by Way of Great Britain to the Possessions of foreign States in America, or to the African Elands, in as much as the Grain would probably be intire-ly fpoiied by being oto board a Ship for so long a Voyage j or, if it were not, the Price of it would be so much enhanced by Freight and Info ranee, as to be too dear for common Food,; and that before it was permitted toexport Rice directly from South Carolina and Georgia, to Portugal, there never was more than 500 Barrels exported to that Kingdom, by Way of Great Britain, in any Year; whereas since it has been permitted to fend it directly from South Carolina and Georgia thither, the Quantity of Rice exported to Portugal amounts to near 20,000 Barrels Yearly; and the Demand for it there is continually increabug: And therefore praying, That Rice, of the Grow th of South Carolina or Georgia, may be permitted to be exported from the said Colonies to the African Islands, and to any Part of America, to the South of Carolina, subject to the like Duty as is now paid ou the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places situate to the Southward of Cape tinejterrc, in Europe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a C ommittee: And that the^r do examine and state to the House, the Matter of fa6t, contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cujl, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Rice, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bidler, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Glover, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Neville, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Jones, Mr. West, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Dy-son, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rigby, Mr. LutlreU, Mr. Bunbury, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Parker, Mr. Elliot, M r, Montagu, Sir John Philipps, Mr . Harvey, Mr. Dempfier,' Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pennant, Lord North, Mr. Secretary at Mar, Lord IIowe, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wit-braham, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Barrington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Onslow, Lord Mi-dleton, Mr. Whafely, Lord Gage, Mr. La)celles. Lord . Carysfort, Colonel Irwin, Marquis of favistock. Sir George Savile, Lord Thomond, Lord Orwell, Sir George Armitage, Lord John Cavendi/Jt, Sir George Pocock, Lord George Sackville; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; -and all who come are to have Voices. '

.The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rqfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to epnfider further.of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor,; Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Coupcjl aQembled, was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Account of Money received and v paid, in purl nance of the Ajjt to improve,’widen, ami 'enlarge the Paii.age over andibrough Londonl^ndge, from the lothDav of December 1762, cxcjnfive, to the 7th Day of October 17V3> hielulive; be referred to die $aid Committee.

Vol. 29.

.. Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whoiti the Petitioti of the Proprietors of the London Bridge Water wdrks, Was referred,<*be refer--red to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Comthif-tee. ' )

Mr.Speaker left the Chair. .» .]/

Mr. \VLately took the Chair Of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chain i ‘ t/

Mr. WLately reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, When the Hqiile will please to receive the same. 1: v . ' . ’ r%

Ordered, that the Report be received upon Month# Morning next. L

Mr. WLately also acquainted the House that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confufer further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. 1

The other Order of the Day being read;

Re/blved; That this House will, ujjon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways* and Means for rafting the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned . till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 190 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764*

-.1/

Prayers.

Ml

R. Kyndston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of iVarku orth, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second Timei

Air. Staunton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Afoyprand Aldermen of the Town, of Saffron Walden, in the County of Effiex, the Guardians and Trustee^ of King Edward the Sixth’s Alms 5H°uses there, and other the Feoffees thereof to convey part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions of the said, Alms Houses to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, in Exqhange for other Land? of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them, to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned; and for veiling Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, ah Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value; to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for w idening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Betpar Bridge, to the prefpnt Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfidd, to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, was read a Second Time.

11 L Resolved,

bl

Ways and Means.

J

*> Warktforth Inclosure.

Saffron

Walden

Exchange.

Ashborne

Read.

960

i q° Martii.

A. 1764*

Kn»rcfb#iot»gh

Waterworks.

Lambeth

and

Newington

ti" Roads.

Resolved;That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Dickiufbn, General , Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kytiaston, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Montagu, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sir

John Gibbons, Mr. Ryder, Mr. LafceU.es, Mr. "Norris, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bidler, Lord /Tarry , Mr. Fo-

nereau. Sir Authany Abdy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Upton, Mr. Prefcot, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edmund JJhain,

Mr. Burt-, Sir. Curzon, Mr. Lord Warkworth,

Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Gray, Sir Savite,

Mr^Dy/m, Francis Vincent, Mr. Lane, Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Mr. Coventry; and all the Members who serve for the'.Counlies of Derby, Nottingham, Lincoln, Stafford, Chester, Lane after, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

4!b| I |f , At A. , ' I. w g \ ▲ I , f I 4 4

-J II *1I nr X § 11 %i > .# ijy/ 41 1 1 lilt 1 ,1 ] . t,

A Bill for the better supplying the Town of Knarefbo-rough, and that Part of the Town ship of Scriven with Tenter gate, adjoining upon the said Town, with'Water; was read a Second Tirtie. I; _. ,: . .; , x-

.! 'Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed ta Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Charles Mr.

Sir George Senile, Mi. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Burrell, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Mr. Coventry,

MrAFitzroy, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Milles, Mr. CuJL, Mr. Alderman Dicki/ijun, Lord Coleraine, M ftSflji<dys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Parker, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Choi alley, M r. Penton, Sir U illiam Codringtnn, M r. Ryder, Sir John GriffinGriffin, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Irzvin, Mr. DowdeJ'well, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Jar rit Smith, Mr. Upton, Lord Midleton, Mr. York, Mr. Clive, Mr. Lane', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Derby, Chester, and Lancaster:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oft he Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, parted in t he 24th Year of the Reign of his date Majesty, intituled, fin Act for making, widening, aurt keeping in Repair several Roads in the fe-veralnParilhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George

JL' t 4 /1 4// 7 / t 1 »I r? 1 1

Southwark, and Bernwndfey, in the County of Surrey,

and Lezcsham, in the County of Kent; and for lighting

anrl watching the said Roads; was read the Third

1 ime.

Rejblvfd, That the Bill do pass: Anil that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,- passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act, for making, widening,

I k *1 4 O /

‘thid'kedfiing in ‘Repair several Roads in the several Pa-

1 o

HlhesVAf Lambeth, Neicihgtun, St) George Southwark,

and BW\nrautJ'nfiin fheCodntv in'Surrey, and 'inWhe County of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back }I arte; and 'for lighting and watching the said<’Roads.

7 V * . 1 K Q i 4

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do csutv1 the Bill to fh^ Fblds, and desire their Concurrence.

bell, Mr'. Prat, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bidler. Sir John Glyhne, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Waller, Mr.;

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Prrjivt,'Mr. Dowdeficell, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Chaplin, Mr Mr. Edmonflbne, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Wood, Mr: Fitz'her-her I, Lrtrd Burgherfh, Mr. Townshend, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Iiafrij Poiviett/Mr: Nor-ids, Lord Midleton, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, Ktnl, and Southampton:'And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s _ Chamber.

r ’ " r I O ' 1

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosmgthe Opeh and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and 6thrr Commonable Lands and Grounds in the parish of Fotherby. in the County of Lincofy was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b£, All Act: for dividing and in doling the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lamrttas'Grounds, and otlifer Cdriimonable Lands and Grounds in the Pa-fish of Fot/rerbir, in 1 lie County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Gibbons do carry the Bill

to the Ldfds, and defnt: their Concurrence.:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Uses and'Trusts of several Man01%, f^itndis, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, settled upon and for the Benefit of William Wigfkt Butliuer and Mary his -Wire, and their I flue; and for fnbflitiiting and settling other Estates and Hereditd-ments in ?he same Chunty, of greater Value, in lirti thereof, to the like Uses j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hdr» bard. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr*. Milles, Lord J, hfi CavCJd dish, Mr. Sandys. Lord Howe, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Parker, Lord Harry PowteU, Mr. Penton, Sir Wiilium Baker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas. Palmer, Mr. Burrell, Sir -Thomas Cave, Mr. Montagu, Lortl Warkworth, Mr. Town-Jhend, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Tracey, Sir Armine J1 oder

fioufe, M r. Edmovjlbne, Sir G eoj'ge A emit age, M r. La-fCedes, Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Said/e,'Hir George Yonge, Lord George Cavendi/k, Sir William Meredith; and all the Member* who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Fffix, and Lincoln: And

they ai*e'to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

in the Speaker’s Chamber. ' '

A Bill for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes* and for preventing Nuilanees and other Annoyances, jn that Part of I he Parish o t Poin the County *of Southampton, commonly called PortJ'mouth Common, was read a Second Time.

Rejhlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Simeon StuartjWv. K.wwston, Mr. Du fan, Mr Rigby, Sir ChurJes

Mordaunt, Mr. '/turretI, Sir Mr.

Lord An ir a f {

Sucncer’s to uppo

li HatCS. Spe/ifyf,

Jl.uiiit/ib r || I

17 r 2 ..... J~--. * V. V1 ' 1 -

in pinluanre of, the W ill of the Molt noble Sarah. h‘U*, Dnehels Uowager ot a/'thorough, in order for building upon, and improving the iauie, was read a

Second 'I’iine.

Rtfoiled, That the Bill he committed to Sir Francis I invent, Mr. Onslow, Sir Armi A Ymlehouse, Mr.' Har-bord, Mr. Drfon, Mr. Aldcrnian Dickinson, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund 1/1/am, Mi>

'Hunter, Mr. Upton, Mr. BurrellJLord

Fotherby

Inclosure.

lie

Bi

[timfMr. Barrbiv, Sir Edward'BaynMv.Sa/tdi/s, Mr.

DinvdcJucll, N\\'. Harbord, Sir H'ilki/fon, Mr. Tuffn’ell, Sir Edmund Thomas, M v. 'Plump/re. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Howe, Sir George Ahmitage, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Glovtr, Mr. Norris, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Thd-way, Mr. Cull, Air Upton. Nxr. Luttrell, Mr Lane, Sir // illiam Beauchamp Pro A or, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Savile, Mr. Clive, Sir John Philipps; and all the Members wh.» serve for the Counties of Jex, DorJ'et, ft ills, Surrey, and Berks: And they fare to 'meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber. T

BultWerti

Estates,

Portsta

Stmw.

1

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inctoOrtg ihe

Cmtimon

SHarn!

IuVuit

4 CrEjO, III.

I9‘

; CdJPWm wi a^ Coroinw^le P^fr8

SI tar iifard, in the County of Ijekefter, was read the Third Time.*

Reived, Th*t By? B(il^rflp p^fs: ApdtU^t % T»t]€j

fW A» AfS /or dividing and inploOng Common and Open Fields, an<i Cpppinpuable P^aces of fifara* ford* in the CpMptv of Jjefcester.

Ordered, That $if Thomas Pplwer do cafry (the Bill to th* Lords, and defic^.thftir Concurrence.,

Rirkby Afr. Upton reported frpfa the Comipiftee, to jvfiom eW imwI #dl for the iqore easy and spejedy Recovery of m fipall Debts within tl^e Town and Pafilh of Kjr^by in Kendal, in the County of Westmyrelan^, conpt^ijted,

T^at the Committee Iwd examined t^e AHeg^ti, ons of A* . Bill, and /pund the same to be tr^ ana jhat the Coaup.ittee h,ad gone i hrough the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hpp(e^ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tbp Amendments, ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were, opce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oneand, ujpon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, w, Uh the Amendments be ingrossyd.

(^House $ fef! for rol>niring and widening the Road from *c. *' Bramccde Odd lionfr, in the County of Xottingham, to Rom). fur Ciols IV'ii upon Snuillnj Common, in the Comry of Deqhjj; and, from fla/fyck Lane £nd to Ilkestone, in the find, County of Deibu; and from Trozvell, in the County of Knltiifgham, to the Town of Nottingham was read a Second Time.

)\ef.lctd, That the Bill he committed to Colonel Howe, Lord ft owe, Mr. Gray, Mr. flunWire, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pres-cot. Mr. Colleton, Mr. Puller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Per nan, Mr. Burt, Mr. Edyionstone, A{r, Butler, Mr. Lane, Mr. Pratf^ Ir. Upton, Mr. Fane, Coloqel Craufu’ d, Mr. Sandy*, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Bar re, Mr. Barrow, $ir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Ghjnne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pane, Mr. Molyneux, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. John Buller, Mr. Dy/bn, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Curzov, Mr. Harris, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Burrell, Lord Strange, Mr. Foneiya it, Sir Jilin Philipps, Wr.Lcwndes, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Wynne, Loyd Harry Powlett, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Grant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir George Po-cock; and all tin1 Members who serve for the Counties xr( Xotfing/uim, Derby, Lincoln, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sp«^kei*>, Chamber.

grofled.

Sir Thomas Palmer prefertted to the House* acoptd- Broughton ing to OAfer, k ’Bitl for dividing and inclosing ‘the l^oiure, Common Ti&ds, Common Meadows* and Comnaod Paftiirds, iii the Parish of Nethef Briughtan, in the County of Leicester d And tihe same wks ieceired; and road the Pirft Time. 1:

ReJblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* *

..* *’ ' ’ ' i; i

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Bedford Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses* and Commonalty of the Charity. Town and"’Corporation of^ BddfM; Troftises of a , Charity Estate given by Sir William Harpur, Knight; and TtentiS Alice his*/Wife, and cither pniPcipal Inhabit tants hf^he Town of Bedford, whosetNarries are thehe* unto fabscribed and annexed; and also* the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fub*-feribed, being Aldermen,' Common -Counci 1, Burgesses, Freemen*andInhabitants of the Townofj&^)ferd; which f r: were prefehted to thii Hriufe upon the:27th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table 5 might be agdin read. 1 I,v

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the charitable ‘Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the'Rdnts and Profit^ of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor and' other Objects of Charity of the Town of Bedford r And that Jdhn Philipps, Mr* Loxhtdes, i >Mr. RichkrA (Pennon, and the Marquis of Iho{/kkk, do prepare, ami bring in, theiaine. ( * ‘t 4 1d

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, to whom wigin

ihe; Bill fdr supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, Waterworks, in the County of Lancaster, with frrih and wholefoine Water, wis committed, That' the Committee-bad ex>-aniinbdAhe Allegations of the - Bill* arid found ttfeianie to bri -trues, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thorfeunto.* which they had directed him to report to the House; andihe read the Rej>ort iri his Tiace; <andi afterwards del ivered the Bill, with r the: Amendments in at thb Clerk’s^ Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then ri Second Time, One by Oise; and, upon the Question severally put theris-upon, vv^ie agreed to by the.House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cr«cWey Mr. Clbe reported from the Committee, to whom the J^ill for enlarging the Term and Ppw^rs of Two tSWwtiwy Acts, of the Twelli h of King George the First, and <ff the Third of his fate Majesty, fijr repairing ifeveral Roads therein mentioned, in t\\e County of 'Salop -, and also.for amending and widening the feoad fromtlie

Sign of the Ifo?fc,$l;0c \\\Uckmgiw,\o Long nor Creen; and also from the West End of At chain Bridge, to the Ifonfes, upon the v8r/^#w/:M, THrqpikefRpad, in the said County; \yas committed; T^at no Perlori ^p-spenred in' behalf of the several, Pefitjpns re/errcf/ to tjiem; and that {he Committee had examined the Allegations pft.be Bill, aivk foipid, the,feme to be ,trne';. and that the Committee had gone through the ‘ Bill, ami made several. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed bun to report to, the House; and lie read the Report iu his. Place; and afterwards delivered , the Bill, with the Aui^lments) in, at the Clerk’sTable: , Where :the Amendments were Qj)ce read throughout; and then, a Secou.d Time, One by Oi^e; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fevpral of them were Ldifa^reed to ;, and the rest . were agreed to, fiy ^fie V OLr 29.

1 jMr. Sandys prefen ted to the House, according to Winchclfe* rOrder, a; Bill for: the better establishing a ftlanufactory of Cam bricks and Lqivns, or Goods of the Kind, usually known under UictfeDenominations; now carry--ing'im at Winchcl/ea, in the County of Sussex, and for improving, regulating, and extending the Manufacture icf* Cam bricks taud -Lawns, or Goods of the Kind, iiiftially known linden those. Denominations in that Part of Great Britain czMeh England: And the same was re-jdeiYed - ajid read the First Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a-Second Time,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr: Holford and ;Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eari0f . vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Aihhumha the Counties of Bedford, Dorset, and Lane after, com- Marriage prized in the Marriage Settlement of John EarJ of 4/hburnhatn, in him the said Earl, jn Fee SimpJe, dif-eparged from the Uips and Trusts of that Settlement: and for substituting and settling other Lands and Here-' ' ditiaments

Untofcllty State of Newgate.

Ditto.

>. . < *.'*> j Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

-7

Ditto.

Ditto

iiitto.

190 Mart 'u. '

A. 17 <5 4,

di foments, in the dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hotife.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A petition of the Inhabitants of ih.e Hundred of Gore, in the County of Middlesex,- whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all other Inhabitants of the same Hundred: And al so,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of FinJfSury Division, within the Hundred of Ofuljion, in the County of Middlesex: And al so,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants! of several Parishes within the Division of His Majesty's lower of Ixmdoii, in the County of Middlesex, being Part of the Hundred of Offulj'tcn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the same Parishes.; And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are 'thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the Division of Kenfinglon, Parcel of the Hundred of Ofuljion, Middlesex .* And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Places, there under written, within the Division of Holborn, and Hundred of OJulfton, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants«: And also,: ,

A Petition of the Overseers: of the Poor and Inhabitants of the Liberty of the Rolls, in the County of Middlesex, whofie Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty: And also,

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish <of Saint Clement Danes in the Liberty of Wrftminjtei'y and County of Middlesex, whole Names are theteunto: subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and *he rest of the Inhabitants, of the said Parish :< And also, A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint James's, within the Liberty of Wtjhninjier, in the Countjr of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto ful>* scriberl, on -behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the same Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, Saint Martin, in the Fields, and Saint Anne, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, whose Naides ace thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of; the same Parishes:

r W^re severalfy presented to the House, and read;

Representing to the House,.That as the City of

London will be principally accommodated by re-building the Gaol of Newgate, the Petitioners apprehend, that they ought not to be burthen-ed with any Part oif the Expence: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, -and that the Petitioners may be exempted from contributing towards any Expences whatsoever attending the taking do\vn and re-building the

. laid Gaol of Newgate: . , I

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred tio the Confidei atibri of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,’on behalf of themselves,; and . other Inhabitants of London, residing near the Gaol of Newgate, is referred.

' -I

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names aPe thereunder written, Inhabitants of the Hundred of Ell home, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of

themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the (Hid Unhe«ithy Hundred: And also, ^fltc 4if

A. Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Hundred cwga of Spelthorne, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants1 thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are. d^o. thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves,' and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Hundred of TJlewOrthJ in the County of Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Diua, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the* , / ,

rest of the Inhabitants of the Hundreds of Edfatinton, io the County of Middlesex:

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as $rk contained in the preceding Petitions: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, against the said Application, upon their fairl Petitions.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of ' the 1 several Persons whose Names are thereuiito

subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of London, residing near the Gaol of Newgate, is referred; and that , these Petitioners be heard by their Counsel,

: before the said Committee, upon their several Petitions, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, dt t he same Time, in Favour of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names hre thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of London, residing near the Goal of Neiogdlc; against the said last mentioned Petitions. ' ’:

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Westminster Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec- paving, tual Two several Acts of Parliament, made, in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

Streets, and Lanes, Within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields; Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, Bloomjbun), tlikt Part of the Parish of Saint Andfcxb's, Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. _ j

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do* lay Accour before this House, an Account of the Drawbacks al- Drawba lowed, and of the Duties remaining upon each Article 0,1 Exi‘ of forcigu Goods, exported by Certificate from Eng- Am‘‘rj land io the American Colonies, between the 1 ft of Jahuary 1761 and the lft’of Jandaiy 1762.

A Petitioti of the Merchants and Traders of tl\e report City of Glajgoxo, in behalf of themselves, and many of F01 others His Majesty’s Subjects, was presented to tlje Hcrri House, and read; taking Notice, of an Act made in the iot!i Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se-’ cond, against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners; and also, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, For preventing freili Fish taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and other Purposes; and fettiifg forth. That of late large Quantities of White Herrings faltedand cured in foreign

Calks by *SWcl////Subje(?ls, and other Aliens, have been imported from foreign Parts to Cork in Ireland, and fold

there,

4 Geo. III. t $ 963

there, partly for Home Consumption, and partly re^ -Fields and M^dpwsijtl the Palish of Saint Margaret; shipped for the Bntjh Islands in the West Indies, to the near the Borough of Leicester, in the County oiEeicesler', manifest Detriment of the British White Herring Fishery, without any Amendment: And also, r which is a great Nurtery for Seamen, and gives Bread The Lords Shave puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

and Employment to many Thousands of His Majesty’s veiling the settled Ella^e of William Young, Esquire, in Subjects: And therefore praying the House toconsider thetCou^ty of JYUts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for.lay-the Premises, and give such other belief therein, as to ing opt t,h£ Money arising thereby, together with other the House shall seem meet. Mopey of^he laid William Young, in the Purchase of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the other Hereditaments of greater Value, to be settled ip Consideration of a Committee: And that they do, exa- Lieu th$rcqf; to which the Lords desire the Cotfcur-mine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fa& con- rence of this House k tained dn-the said Petition: f And then the Messengers withdrew.

And it is referred tof Lord [Frederick* Campbell, Gene-: '

r*\iGotiivcnj> Mr. Nugent, Mv-Rigby* hord.Orwell, Mr. TJje ^pufe.beingipjfprmed^th^t Mr. Tomkyns, from

Secretary at ]\\TM,§\rJt)h}iGikb0ns, Mr. Jfynafion, Mr. the QQmmjfiioners of the Customs; attended at the Devvpjler, Mr. \ Burrell, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. Burt, Mr. poor; he was called in; and, at. tile Bar, presented to JudMMifiojie, Mr. Prefcot, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tozon- thefIfqufe, pursuant to their Orders,

Jhend, Sir. William. Meredith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. ffane, Mr* Jin Recount of the Quantity of Foreign Linens, ex-Bice, Sir William Baker, Mr. Nor they. Sir Alexander ported from England / to the , British Plantations in 'GM?it;\lr^Fotres/eriYord John Cavendish, Mr.fuller, America, together with the Amount of the Drawbacks ljon\>'Hairy<Powlett, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Barre, Mr. allqwpd therepn, frorq Christmas 1759toChrijlmas 1762;

J\I aeJiay,^lr.Coventry,\lrJIervey, Colonel Montgomery), distinguishing each Year: And also,

Mr. Alderman 'Harley, , Mr/CW/s ? Mr. Martin, Sir An Account of the Quantity of British and Irish George Stixile, , Mr. Montagu, Lord 6V/;<wgcj,\Miv Aider- Linqps exported from England to any Foreign Counman'Record, NL\^WtJ^,\MrrAldevmBJiOickln/bn, Sir , tries, except the British Colonies and Plantations; with Alexander Grant, MrnWhRzwrth Mr. Q/wald/Mr. Gray, thq jjlounties paid thereon, for the last Three Years, viz. 'Mr. WilknahamBoatle, ’Mr.TLe\?/, Sir William Codring- from Christmas 1759 to, Christmas 1762; distinguilhibg ton, 'Mr.Mtrttrell,. Mr. Elliot, Sir Edzcard Bayntun, each Year: And also,

v Lord Mi die ton,\ Lord Gage, iSir Jarrit Smith,* Lord An Account of the Quantity of British and Irish

Warkworth, y^ottdNortly, and, .all the Merchants of the . Lilians exported from England to the British Colonies

House: Arid they.are to meetithis Afternooivat Five of and Plantations in America, with the Bounties paid

the Clock, in the Spefeker.’a Chamber; and have Power ^thereon, for the Iqll. Three Years, viz. from Christmas to fend for Persons, Papers,-and :Recx>rdsand all who ,1759 to Chrijhnas 1762; diilingulhing each Year: come, are to have Voices. And also,

An Accpunt of thq Quantity of white Callicoes ex-Account *, Mr. Secretary at War pnefented to the House, pur- ported from England to the British Plantations in Ameri-U\c^ACC* f ^uai1* *° t^ie,r Address to His Majesty, ca, together with the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed

in Germany. particular Account of the Expenditure of the tljerepn, from Christmas 1759 10 Christmas 1762; dif-Monies; which, have been: issued since the 14th of June . tinguiflpng each Year.

1*761, for defraying, the extraordinary Expences of the And then he withdrew.

combined Armies in Germany; distinguistnng the feve- , And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, ral Services* the Authorities by. which the Money has . Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the been issued, and the Persons to whqm it. has been Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. paid. , . The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

And the Title of the said Account was. read. Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the sted Account do; lfe upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of die House. Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

The said Account is preserved ampogft the other before this House, an Account of the Seizures of un-Papers of this Session. customed and prohibited Goods, made by the Officers

of His Majesty’s Customs in North America, and by A MeOage from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. His Majesty’s Ships Rationed on that Coast, from the Harris: Date of the Peace, as low as the said Account can be

Mr. Speaker, made up.

Batchacre The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grange for exempting Batghac/e Grange, in the Counties of A Motion was made, and the Question being pfo-Tythes, &c. Stafford' and Salopor One of them, from- Payment of posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-, Tythes,.and other. Ecqlefiastical Dues; and for settling t gulating the Manner of issuing and paying Bills, Notes, other Tythes in lieu thereof; without any Amend-’ or other Tokens, in that Part of Great Britain, called ment: And also, Scotland;

Wartnaby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That tfie Orders of the Day be now read.

Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Opened Common Fields The Order of the Day being accordingly read, for of Wartnaby, in the County of Leicester, and jail the , the Iloafe to resolve, itself into a Committee of the Lands and Grounds within the.Ianie Fields, without any whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Chm-AmeudmentAnd also, mittee of the Company , of Merchants trading to

Bromley The Lords have agreed to tfte Bill,-intituled, An Act, ( Africa;

Inclosure* for extinguilfting the Right of Common in, over, and , Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1162* upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds within " A11 Account of the Comraitfee of the Company of < the Mane* and Pgrifft of Brojnley^ in the County of <c Merchant^ trading to Africa, distinguishing every Kent, without any Amendment; And also, cc Article of Expence under its proper Title," be referred

Sudcaatcs The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the said Committee.

Inclosure. for establishing and confirming the Inclosure and Di- Ordered, That the several Extracts and Copies of vision of certain. Lands in Sudcoatesy in the Parish of Letters, which have been presented to the House in Drypoojixx the County of York/, and for other Purposes; this Session of Parliament, relating to the State and without any Amendment: And also, Condition of the British Forts and Settlements upon

St.Margaret’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Coast of Africa be referred to the said Com-in Leicester for dividing and inclosing several Ccunmon and Open mittee.

Inclosure. Vol. 29. II M Then

Youog’a

Estate^.

Accounts 5 Linens, See.

Account; Seizure of prohibited Goods in America.

Motion respecting the Killing of Bills in Scotland.

African

Company.

19°- — 20* Martn. 17 64.

Militia

Training.

Supply.

Bitto.

Ways

and

Means.

Roche fler

Writ.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read* for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain, called England;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Whately according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, for paying a Bounty for the Year 1764, of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Day to Fifteen Chaplains, and of Two Shillings per Day to Fifteen more Chaplains, who have served longest on board His Majesty’s Ships of War, provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships that they have been actually borne and muttered thereon for the Space of Four Years during the late War with France and Spain; and provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some Ecclesiastical Living, or Preferment, from the Crown, or otherwise, of the present annual Value of Fifty Pounds.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House!

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That th i s IIou fe w i 11, u po n Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a New Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the Room of the Right honourable Thomas Parker, commonly called Lord Viscount Parker, now Earl of Macclesfield, called up to the House of Peers.

And theu the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 200 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

er s.

A B ILL to enable Lucy Knightley, Esquire, to irt- Haverflwnt close several Open and Common Fields, in the Inclosor*. Parish of Haversham, in the County of Bucks, and for vetting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said Lucy Knightley, and his Heirs, and for making aCompenfa-tion to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu thereof, was was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shuttlexvorth, Mr. Coventry, Mr* Ser-g son, Mr. Wilhughlty, Mr. Jackson, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Sandys, Sir John G Lynne, Mr. Robinson,

Sir Edward Bering, Mr. Heme, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ash-buhiham, Colonel Barre, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Cujl, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Grant, Mr. Tozon/hend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Plummer, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Bacon, Lord Midleton, Mr. Bunbury, Mr.

Lockhart, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Dowdeficell, Mr. Foley,

Sir Edward Turner; and all the Members wiio serve for the Counties of Bucks, Northampton, Oxford,

Warwick, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afterik>on, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brett’* for veiling divers Messuages and Hereditaments in the Estates. City of I.ondon, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett,

Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling another Estate in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Alderman Dickivfon, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. No?ris,

Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Bacon, Lord Grey, Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shullleworth, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr.

Bunbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Philipps, Mr Toxvnjhend, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sergifon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Bucks, Essex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- B^tWnl ment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the QOt' County of Siffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bly thing, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effecthal Relief and Glouc Employment of the Poor within the City of Gbucefcr; and for lighting the Streets of the said City: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment

4 Geo. III.

ment of the Poor within the Citynof Gbuceftet\ and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Horton’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estateik for confirming a Partition of several Estates, late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, between William Blanch, John Roberts, Richard Brere-long and others; and for vetting and settling the Pre-tniffes to, the several Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Hunter, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Jackson, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Foley, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gray, Mr Norris, Sir Jar-Tit Smith, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bunbury, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Colonel Hozve, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Tozvn-Jhend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ryder, Lord Midleton, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Warkworth, Sir George Armilage, jLord Howe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Hereford, Monmouth, and Worcester; and for the the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fcafcWi An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act festate. For vetting the Estate, late of Edmund Hungale Beag-han, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, and Suffer, in Trustees, in Trust to sell and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann, Esquire, or as he shall appoint, pvrfuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for the . Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tucker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Vane, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Sergi-son, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Jackson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawby, Mr. Dowaefiveil, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bull, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Buller, Mr. Calvert, Mr, Norris, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Major, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Stephens, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Townshend, Lord Orwell, Mr. Dempjltr, Mr. Coutls; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, Effer, Southampton, and Middlefer; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Womb well A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or

Inclosure. Waste Grounds within the Manor of Wombwell, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Willoughby, Mr Shelley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Raby Vane, Sir Charles Mordaunt., Mr. Northey, Sir Jar rit Smith, Mr. Brudenell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Buller, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vol. 29.

for vetting divers Manors, Lands* and Hereditaments, . Earl of in the Counties of Bedford, Dorfel, and L ancaster, com- *^2*"'* prized in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Settlement. Ashbumham, in him the said Earl, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of that Settlement; and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to MaryieBoa* explain, alter, and amend an Act passed, in the 29th Parochial Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Poi,€C’ Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares* Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Cadfeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex-, and for making the said Act more effectual; is committed have Power to fend for Perfoils* Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen; Clergy, Freeholders, Aflibotnt* and Inhabitants living in or near the Town of Ashborne, Road,

in the County of Derby> was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented, for a Bill for repairing the Road from Ashborne aforesaid, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near Openwood Gate; and that the Roads from Belpar Bridge to Belpar Lane End, and also, from Openwood Gate to Derby, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the said County, are very narrow and ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads* in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aiid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calvert* Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdefzvell, Mn Bagot, Mr. Cist, Mr. Mawbey, Sir John GLynne, Mr.

Barrow, Sir William Baker, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Northey, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Forrefier, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonereau, Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Glover, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Drake, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ward, Sir Anthony Abdy,

Mr. Sergifon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Chester, York, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’^Chamber; and have Powei' to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Rochdale Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 28th Year of to the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlargulg the Term and Powers of an Act, made iii the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of ins'late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

±o° MartiL

Young*

Estate.

A,lfrelon,

&C.

Road.

Grantham

Road.

Rye

Harbour.

966 2c ? Mahii. 1764.

An ingrossed. Bill from the Lords, intituled. An. Act And the said ClauFe was TivTce re&d \ Arid, upota thfe For vest ing the settled Estate4 of William Young, Inquire, Quest ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, tV> bte in the County of Wilts, ip Trustees, to be fjold; apH made Part of the Bill.

for laying out the Moqeyarifnig thereby, together with Ordered, That the Bill, with the Atnehdfnehts, be other Money of the said William Young, in the.Purchase ingrossed.

;of other Hereditaments of greater Value, to be settled

in lieu thereof; was riead the First Time. . Ordered, That 'the Order 'of the Day, for the House Recognizing

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond Time. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whV>!e House,

upon the Bill 'for the shore easy'Drfchdrge 6f’R£co£ni- Exchequei k An ingrossed Bill for rppairinc, widening^, and l^eep- zances eflreated into His Majesty’s Cdiirt 6f OExdlfe-ing in Repair the High Roads leading from. Alfreton, ^qner, be now read. '

in the County of Derby, through Carter Tape, to a And the said Order being read accorflihgly; certain Place in the Town of Alans field, called Slock,- The Houserefolvcdj'tfeffinto the faill1 Committee,

veil; and from the Bridlegate, ,at. the Diyifjpti of the ( Mr.’Speaker left the Chair.

Liberties of Blackxvell, and HuckiialJ, through the Town Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield AqrflrA'Turn- Mr. Speaker reluiVred the Chair.

pike, at or near Py Inn Mill, ip the Forest of S'he?» 1 . Mr, Gray reportedfr6m the Committee, ThatTlfey

\iood, in the County of Nottingham; was read the Third had gone through the Bill, and foaide federal Amend-

Time. . j ments thereuqto; which they hUd directed linn to report,

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass: An^l that the Title ‘ when the Hpufe will please to receive the same, be. An Act for repairing, widening,‘and’keeping m ' Ordered. That the Report be received To-morroV Repair, the High Roads leading from Alfreton, in the Morning.

County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain

Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell; and Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whohn Ladere? from the BridUgate, at the Division ofi the Liberties of the . Bill for divefJng out of the Crown; the Reversion m Eftsuc: BlackzceU ^nd Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton Fee of certain Lands In Ireland, late the Estate of Mat-in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and New ark Turn pike, at thezo Dozed all, a' Pa pi ft,' deceased, expectant trpoif trie or new Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood; in . Death of his Three Qrandfons without Male* Issue;‘and the County of Nottingham. , for yelling the same in Anthony Ladeveze, of the' Cfty

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to of Dublin, Esquire, a Protellant, and hi^ Herrs,1'tvas* the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. committed, That the Committee Had examined &hd

..... found, tjhat the Standing Orders concerning Notices to

A Bill for repairing;and widening several Roads lead- be given in Ireland, before any pidvtite Bill relating to ing from the Towns of Grantham, Melton, Maze bray, E'states There be Brought in, Had been com plied* with;

Leicester, and Lutterworth; and several other Towns and that the Committee had eiamhied the'Allegations and Places, in the Counties of Lincoln and Leiceftev; of the' Bill, and found the faVne to be’true; *and that

was read a Second Time..... the PIarty concerned had given BiVCorifentto the'Bfcll,

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and‘that The Lambe, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Dujhn, Mr. Fullert Sir Committee had directed him to report the* Bill td’she Thomas Palmer, Mr. BnUer, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Toicnjhend, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. l^ill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Glover, Mr. Rufhout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. F.itz~: ' Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. maurice, Mr. Lowndes; Mr/ Jackfun, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Kynaston, N[r. Waller,. Mr, Parker, Mr. Wane, Mr. Ordered} That the Report from the Committee of Ayle Fonereau, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shuttlcworth, Lord Hoiee, Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the EltxC Mr. Pof)ham,$\r Jarrit Smth, Mr. Alderman Diclcihfim/ Borough of Aylejbiiry, in the County of Buckingham, bo Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.. Wilkinson, received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Gibbons, Lord Orwell, Sir John Evelyn; and

all the Members who serve. for the Counties of Lincoln, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Priv iFuejicr, Northampton, Glouceflen, and Derby: And privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made they are to meet tji is Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, to the House upon Wednesday the 2qfh of February lait, in the Speaker’s Chamber. That, in Breach of the Privilege of this Hotife, Joseph

... . t Thzcaifes, a menial Servant of the Right honourable

.: Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom. Henry Bi/fon Legge, a Member of this House, was, on the Bill for continuing One Moiety of the.D,uties grant- or about the 2:^th Day of January last, arrested by Ben-ed by an Act of the n.th and 12th Year of King Wit' jarhin Biggs, Charles Stuart, and Morgan Bqfjet, for a Ham, the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, liditious Debt, in the House of the said Member; and which have been, by several other Acts, conti- where they behaved in a most outrageous and indecent nued till the 12th Dav, of Ma*J 1765, and for apply- Manner; be received Tq-morrow Morning, ing the same to completing, and keeping in Repair the

Harbour of Bye, in the County of Sussex; and for more An ingrofTeb Bill for the better I^eli^Fiand Employ- R

effectually com]>leting, and keeping in Repair the said ment of the Poor in the Hundred of Mulford and Lo-l larbour; was committed j That the Committee had thingland, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Lo examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Time.

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; be. An Act for the better Relidf and Employment of which they had directed him to report to the House; the Poor in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, and he read the Rcpprt in his Place; and afterwards in the County of Suffolk.

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,' in at the Ordered, That Colonel Fitzroif do carry the Bill to Clerk.Vrable: Where the Amendments were once read the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; 4

and, uppp the Question severally put thereupon, were, £ir5fo/m Philipps prefen ted to the House, according j with an Amendment to One of them; agreed to By the to Order, a Bill for enlarging the charitable Uses, ex- < House. . tending the Objects, and regulating the Application of

A Clause, was pftered to be added to the Bill, for , thq Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir Wil-sewing the "Waters at Camber Point. Ham Harpur,'Knight, arid ‘D&mSAlib? his Wife, for the

J ‘ Benefit

! Coltoeb and f Carlford I Fmt.

Wangford

Poor.

ChndelHnt

Marriage*.

African

Company.

4 Gep. III. s$y

Benefit of the Poof, A net other Objects of Charity^ of the Town of Bedford: And the farhC Was received; and read the First Tini& *. si

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effecttrat an Act, polled in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,' An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: ’And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the'Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the Lord Orwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Relief and Employ* ment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.6. To leave out "also" and insert ifalways'" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quezon put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill wab amended at the 'fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Glynne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of cfandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages *0 be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized in that Part of Great Britain: called Scotland, or beyond the Seas: And the same was re-? ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Tame were read; and are as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, be vpft-, ed in the Company of Merchants trading ,to Africa, to be employed at ^ll Times hereafter for the Protection, Encouragement, and Defence of the said Trade, in the same Manner, and under the sains Regulations, as jthe. other Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are vClted by an Act, made in the 23d1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That the Committee of the Corhpany of Merchants

VOL. £9.

trading to Africa may, out of fitch Monies as they shall receive, d^dust annually a farther Sum, nbt exceeding Four hundred Pounds, for defraying the Salaries of their Clerks and Agents at London, Bfijlot, and Liverpool, the House Rent of their Ollice in Lotiddn, and all Charges of Management, Coraihiftion, or Agents, ip England, and as a further Co fa peri fat ion for their Trouble add Attendance/in tine laid Office as Committee Men.

The said Resolutions being feVcrally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question federally pilt thereupon, agreed to by the floule.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon thq said Re-foltitions: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Nugent, Lord George Sack-ville, Mr. Clift, the Lord Ortvcli, Mr Rice, and Mr. L&Uris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

The House Was moved, that the Resolutions of the House, Of the 5th Day of March 1752, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as fo\\ loweth; viz.

*' Resolved, That the present Manner of perforln-

ing Quarantine, by airing Gobds on board Hovs and’ " Vessels, is not well calculated to prevent the Insection, and is inconvenient-and expensive to the u Merchants/’

" Resolved, That for the better and more effectual " Performance of Quarantine, a Laiaret should be " erected."

1 " Refolded, That Chcdney Hill, near the upper Part u of StandgateCreek, in the River Medway, is a proper u Place for a Lazaret/’

' Resolved, Nemine Conlradkente,

That an humble Addrets be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Plans of a Lazaret, with Estimates of the Charge of building and maintaining the fame, be prepared, and laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address bo presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s ffable: Where the same Were read; and are as folloiveth; viz: ‘ -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,* An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; which was. to be iq Force for Nine Years, from the 25th Day of foecembtr 1731*; arid which, by several subseq|uent Acts,> made in the 13th, 224, and 28th Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was farther continued Until the 25th. Day .0{'December i.y6^, and from therlce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; isneaf expiring*, qqd fit to be continued.

1 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , ^hat ap Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of hisHate Majesty King George the Second/intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale' Fishery Carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects; which was to he in.Force during the Continuance of the Jafi mentioned Act, of the Fifth Year of his said late Majesty’s. Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the ‘Greenland' Fishery; and which was, by the said Act of the 13th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued unto the said 45th Day of December 1750; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of* Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the 22d Year, and also by an Act of the 28th Year of his 11 N said

Resolutions respecting a Laznrct

nt

Chedney Hill.

Expiring

Laws.

dxfMartii.

-*764-

said late Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1704, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, *That an Act, made in the 22a Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall ferye, for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery: which was to be in Force from the 29th Day of September 1749, until the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which £y another Act, made in the 28th Year of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the 25th f)ay o^December 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Supply Bill} Ordered, That Mr. James He?ickell dof upon Thursday

American Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Dime*. House, to whom the Bill for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Adfc, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act -for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in American for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by Virtue of the said A#, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25'th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,* intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trade; and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and ,disallo\ying; several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom; and more effectual preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies, and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Payne do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.,

Ordered, That Mr. David Barclay, Junior, do attend the find Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Maitland do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Inglas do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Smith do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. v

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Budden do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. . (;

Ordered, That bjlr. Thomas Tillet do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.. , r:

Ordered, That Mr. John Vernon do attend the said. Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jacob Bosanquet do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Chambers do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry White, do, attend the said. Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Allen do attend the said, Committee, at the same Time.*

Ordered, That Mr. George, Crogan do attend the said; Committee, at the same Time. , j

W' - - ' t ’J-

17

Ordered, That Colonel; George At'trtfrong do attend the said Committee, at the fame' Time.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Tregenna’s {he ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, late of John Tregenna, Clerk; deceased, in the County -t > of Cornwall, given and deviled by his Will, in Trust for his Children 5 , and for paying and applying the Money to arise by such Sales, in Manner therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dirededlhim to report the Bill jto the House, without any Ametadinenk:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table/ \ w And the said Bill was read the Third Tim& ' .0 Resolved, That the Bill dopafs. . ( 1

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Hotife hathagrbed i" to the fame, without any Amendment. ? v ;: 1

A Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Supply BiB; Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties P^t,esoa in lieu thereof; and -for granting certain Duties upon aver’ the Exportation of Beaver Skins; and Beaver Wool; and$*for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotife Will, upon thisDay Seven-? night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Papists’ Deeds and Wills made by* Papists; and vfor Relief of Protestatit Pu f chafers; Was read a Second Time. J Rejblve'cb, That the Bill be committed. '

Resolved, That the Bill be cotnmittedto a Comftlitte^ of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon MvndtiyMctm^ ing next,. refoLve itself into a Committee of the whble House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Edmund If 1 dm reported from the Committee, to.

hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common *nclofur< Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common. Grounds, and Waft© Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Ever don, other wise GrcatEverdon, and Litile Ever don, in the County of Northampton, was, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given tjb^r Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfedion of the Committee; except Six Proprietors, whose tntcrefUn the said Lands amount tP about £.35 7 s. 6d. per 1 Ann. who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, amount to the yearly Valiie of £.932 10s. 6d. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to, the House; ated he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, Were'agreed to by the.Hpufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed:

Aiad) then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . iM^cnittg, Nine of the Clock.

2i* Ma

- »iH*.

Bank, and making the same mope commodious; with-

Mersurii, 21 Martii;

Anno 4* Geot'gii III111 Regis,' 1764.

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Nehon de Berville.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pr

AYERS.

Bofmere

and

Claydon

Poor.

Norfolk

Wiit.

Worksop

to

Attcrdiifc

Road.

North

Cave

inclosure.

Skipfea

inclosure.

Skeffling

inclosure.

Thom gum bald Drainage.

Spalding

through

Weston

Road.

Bank of England.

THE Lord Orwell reported froip the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employi ment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Clay-don, in 'the County of Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee had exam ined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once reaji throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amenament?, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the Room of the Right honourable George Toumfield, now Ix>rd Viscount Townshend, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lord?, by Mr. Holford and Air. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Workjbp, jp the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gate-forth, An Jton, Aston, Handfiyorlli, and Dqma\l, to the North East End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of North Cave, in the East; Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing severalOpen Fields, and several Pieces or Parcelsof Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township mid Parijfh of Skeffiing, in Holderness, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed, (to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for -draining and preserving certain Marili Lands and Low Grounds within the Township of Thonigumbald, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And &lfo,:

" The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Wash in the said County; without any Amendment: And-also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several otherPassages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Vol. 29.

Mr. Grayr according to Order, reported from the Recognizances Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cftreaied the more easy Discharge of Recognizances estreated in- Chequer, to His Majesty’s1 Court of Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onpe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment Was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to Grcai

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Wigfton

Common Fields in the Parish of Great JVigston, in the inclosure.

County of Leicester, was committed. That the Commil-

tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

the Committee; except the Proprietors of aboutA 5

Yard Lands; and that the whole Lands intended to be

inclosed, consist of 96 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose

the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

then aSecondTime, OnebyOne; and, upon the Queffiion

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Earl of Harrington, and th£ humble Bramcote Petition of several other Persons, whose Names are Odd House, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House; and, &c* in Part, read. Road’

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin- R0yai Assent Jon, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr, Speaker reported, That the House bad attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for naturalizing his Highness Prince Charles William Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg:

An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upoirWines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An

Royal Afifent to B.Uj.

970 210 Martii. 1764.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the free JwportationJjQf Tajlpw* Lard,^«d:<irdafe, from Ireland. j . ‘ .: - m* /

An Act for continuing and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, jnade in the 26th Year of the Reigil of iiis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said 1 own, to the South End of the Town oi'Derby, "in the County of Derby:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Calling ton, in the County of Cornwall: An Act to amend and render more efteftuah several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chappel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchtjler, in the County of Lancasler, and other Roads in the fakl Acts mentioned; and for turning and diverting the Roads from* Whaley Bridge, to Chappdin the Frith, and to Sparroia Pit Gate; and from Whaley Bridge to the Weltern End of Ixingjule Common, in the County of Chester:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stock-bridge i and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Aw-bridge, to the Gardeu Wall of Denys Rode, Esquire, at East Tuderlcy; and from Lockerley Mill Stream, 10 East Dean Gate; and, from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Sulisbury:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads front Hor/ham, in the County of Siffex, through the Parillies of Shipley, West Grinjted, Ashurst, Steyning, Bramber, and Breeding, in the said County:

An for repairing and widening the Road front Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gatcforth, Anjion, Afiow, Handfworth^ and Darn all, to the North East End of Atterdiffe, in the County of Yoyk, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bum try to Sheffield: :v

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from flic High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; ami from Sutton Saint Maiy\ to Sutton Wash, in the said County:

An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing1 the Poor within the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of MitUilefex; and for lighting the said) Parish, and ellablishing a regular nightly Watch therein: An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-.. cond, for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or ibid within' the d own of Dunbar, for improving and preferring the Harbour, and repairing the Town I louse, and building* a School and other public Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with frelli Water:

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Paf* sage^ leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, rTcash Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within

V

Jk

Guiljborough, Coton, and Nortoft, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ope© Common Fields and Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing thfc Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sear by, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of ChilversCoton, in the County of Warwick: An Act for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, As lies within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Cities, Mattishall Tuddenham on the Part of North Tuddenham,r and Bellhouse Hally and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk’, and certain other Commons and Waites within the said Manors and Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com* (non Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of llorbling, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the livid Fen :*

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields And Commonable Places of and in Billefdon, in ifio County of IsAcester:

An Act for establishing and confirming the Inclosure and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoates, in the Par.ih of Dry pool, in the County of York; and for other Purposes: '

An Act for dividing an^ inclosing several Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Wartnaby, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures of North Cave in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inching and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, within the Township of SJdpJea, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Skeffing in Holderness, in the County of York:

An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common in, overhand upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds'within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent:

An Act for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Sthfford and Salop, or one of them, from Payment of'TytIic>, an;l other Ecclesiastical Dues; and for settling oilier Tythes in Lieu thereof:

An Act for draining certain Fen I^ands and Wet Grounds in the Parish of Helgcnj, in the County of Norfolk: ’ 1 ‘

An Act for drafting and preservitfg certain Marflt I*ands and Low Grounds within the Township of of Thorngumbald; in the County of Ybtk: ‘

An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, fora Division of certain real Estates, in the County of York, late of Sir I lunge?ford Bland, Baronet, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

‘ An Act for impowering the Committee of Committees, for the Time being, of the Estate of John Newport, Esquire, a Lunatic, to make Leases of his Estates during his Lunacy:

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Governors and the Guardians of the Hospi* tal for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert Nedham, Esquire, deceased, relating to an Estate in the Island of Jamaica,

dev i fed

Brameofe Odd House, &c. Road.

4 Geo. III.

2i° Martii.

97*

devised by the Will of Henry bed'll am, Esquire, de-celled:

An Act for annexing the Rectory of East Lockinge, in the County of Berks, to the Office of Warden of the College of the Soulo of a!l Faithful People deceased, of (hford:

An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of John Tregeana, Clerk, deceased, in the County of Cornwall, given and devised by his Will, in Trull for his Children; 3nd for paying and applying the Money to a rile by such Sales, in Manner therein men*

Mr. Sandy*, Sir John Phil!/)p\\ Mr. Fairfax., Mr. Gray* Mr. Tracey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Howe, Mr. Howard, Lord Howe, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Whmington, Mr. Barrozv, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fone-reau. Lord Grer/, Mr. Tuwnjhend, Mr. Lewis, Mr. But* ler, Mr. DozPdejwell, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tioned:

An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said V icarage:

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory:

An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King, Esquire, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to enable Richard Symonds, an Infant, lately called Richard Peers, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Symonds, pursuant to the Will of Richard Symonds, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing William Dingman, and John Reincke:

An Act for naturalizing John Marteilhe, of London, Merchant:

An Act for naturalizing Egbert Nonnen,

Then the Residue of the Petition of the Earl of Harrington, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Dili has been ordered to be brought in, for repairing the Road from Bramcote Odd Ilovfe, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post on Smalle)/ Common, in the County of Derby; and from Haffack Lane End, to llkejton, in the said County of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham; and alleging. That the Roads from Hqffack Lane End, through Hqffack Lane, over Langley Common, to the Town of Ilea nor i and from llaffack Lane End to the Town of Shipley, in the County of Derby, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places incommodious and narrow, and cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that Three of the greatest Coal Works in that Part of the Country, are at Heanor, Langley, and Shipley, in the said County of Dei'by; and large Quantities of Coal are (lacked up, and ready for Sale, but cannot be disposed of, from the Impracticability of Carriage; and that the widening and repairing the said Roads would be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That, effectually to complete the good Purposes intended by the said Bill, Provision may be made therein for widening and repairing the said Roads from Haffack Lane End, through llaffack Lane, over Langley Common, to the Town of Heanor; and from Haffack Lane End to the Town of Shipley aforesaid; in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Montgomery Me-tham. Lord Strange, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bagot, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Burrell, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Broivnlozv Bertie, Mr. Ilervey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Banbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, VoL. 2p.

An ingrossed Rill for draining, preferring, and improv- Sutfoa ing the Low Grounds, and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton, Gantlead, Swine, Benningholmet Bamingholme Grange and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh,

Row-ton, A mold. Long Riston, Leven, IIeighol?ne and Hal-lytrec-holme, Brandes-burton and Bur fall, Ejke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waglien, otherwise Wawn, in HolderneJ's, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the Trustees to the Act from erecting any Works to damage the River Hull.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, preferring, and improving, the Low Grounds, and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lorcfthips, Precmfts, and Territories of Sutton, Ganjlead, Swine, Banning* holme, Benningholme Grange and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Rowlon, Arnold, Long Riston, Leven, Heig-holme and Hally tree-holme, Brandes-burton and Bur jail,

Ejke, Tickton, JVeell, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holdtrness, in the East Riding of the County of York,

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for theTitle thereof, was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Aldborough the Open Fields, and Pasture Ground in the Lordship Iadofure. of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York> was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, and Pasture Ground in the Lordship of Aldborough, in Holderness, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watting Street to Compton and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brooke to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kem-berton, in the several Counties of Salop and Stafford; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone^through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout > and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

n 0 The

Watfing

Stmt,

&c.

97*

li6 Martiu

A. 1764

Infant*’

E Hates in the Duteky of I.an caster, See.

The Lord Sfratige presented to the House, according Th$t the House doth agree with the Cotn-

to Order, a Bifl to enable Infants who are seised cf mittee, in the said Uesolution, so amended, that the I ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Dutchy Petition of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, complaining of an of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lan-undue Return for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the

casler, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, County of Buckingham, is frivolous.

more Person or

or for the Life or Lives of One or Persons in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates, by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of of the Court of

Exchequer of the County Palatine of the

Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Salt

imported from

Europe

Mr. Eliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time: into Quebec. And the same wras received; and read the l'irfl Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond'Time.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Ayl«(bury

Election.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year 1764; and for preventing in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances, in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received ami read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as liament: — That they used ill Language, and were very it appeared to them, touching the Return for the noisy in the House: — And that the Witness went in Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, Custody with the said Three Persons, by Direction of together with the Resolutions of the Committee there- his Matter, to the Mayor of Bath: Then, ujion; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Mr. George Gamier being examined, said. That he wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the wap fitting with Mr. Legge in his Chamber, when they same was read; And is as followeth; viz. were disturbed by a Noise on the Stair same and En-

Upon the Petition of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, com- try, when Lady came into the Room, terrified

plaining of an undue Return for the Borough o f Ayles-at the Noise that the Three Men had made inarrefting

Mr. Bacon, acceding to Order, reported from the Priv;v Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint made to this House, upon the 29th Day of February last, That, jn Breach of the Privilege of this House,

Thwaites, a menial Servant of the Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, a Member of this House, was, on or about the 25th Day of January last, arrested by Benjamin Biggs, Charles Stuart, and Morgan Bufl'et, for a fictitious Debt, in the House of the said Member, where they behaved in a most outrageous and indecent Manner; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove what is alleged in the Complaint, your Committee examined,

The said Joseph Tlncaites, Servant to the Right ho-

nourable Henry Bilson Legge; who said, he was arrested about the 25th Day of Jani/ary\&(k, when Biggs, Stuart, and Buffet, came to his Matter’s House at where Stuart pulled out a Piece of Parchment, and said, he had a Demand upon the Witness; whereupon the Witness told him he was iniposed upon, for that he owed nobody any thing; but Stuart said, that the Witness must either pay the Money, or give Bail'That he acquainted them, that his Matter was a Member of Par-

bury, in the County of Buckingham, referred by the House to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, Your Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Return.

Bii.t no Person appearing on the Behalf of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, to prosecute his Petition, after Procla- . mation bad been made, according to Custom;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions,

viz.

Thwaites .-- — That Mr. Legge, not being able to dir, tho Witness offered to go and endeavour to pacify the Men, where lie found Thiyaitesbetween the Two Bail ills, Ra'gf

and Stuart , that he told them, the Danger they run, and advised them to release the Servant, for that Mr. Legge claimed his Privilege, which they in an insolent Manner refused, and said, That they defied all Profecu-i tions: — That the Witness went to the Mayor’s with the Two Bailiffs, and Buffet, the Plaintiff, and the Ser-

Rifolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, vant went as their Prisoner: — That the Mayor got the

That Anthony Bacon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in tins present Parliament, for the Borough of, Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of Thomas Scrope, Esquire, complain-, ing of an undue Return for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the county of " Buckingham, is frivolous and vexatious.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Xeminecontradiceute.

That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that Anthony Bacon, Esquire, is duly ejected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Buckingham.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " and vexatious."

And, the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. i9

Servant discharged: — That the Three Persons complained of, were excettively ahullve; and infilled that what they had done was right; and said, that they defied, the Authority of the House of Commons; and that they all knew that Mr. Legge was a Member.

Biggs, Stuart, and Buffet, being aiked. What they had to say in their Defence

Biggs said. That he never knew Tlncaites was a Servant; that he thought he might be his own Matter; and that he was in Custody but a little while.

Stuart said, lie had not the Warrant: — That Biggs had it: — That Thivaitcs shewed no Protection: — That they should not have attached him if they had known him to be a Member of Parliament’s Servant.

And Buffet said. It was a just Debt; and that when he ordered the Writ he did not know that Thwaites was Mr. Legge's ServantThat the Debt was jC- 3. 7s. 0 and that Thwaites had paid him a Guinea in Part of it; and that the Debt was contracted Two Years ago.

Then Joseph Tlncaites being again called in, declared, That he was arrested at the Suit of Basset: That he had paid Bajfet about Fifteen Shillings for his own

Wattling

21° MartiL

4 Geo. III.

Walking, and that the rest was on his former Master’s AccounlThai he lent Wife a Guinea,

Which he was to have again when his former Mailer’s fed! Was paid: — In Anftver where to, Buff'd said, lie did not know on what Footing the Guinea was paid; and that he was deceived in the Affair.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Hefolittions.

Ref tired, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Benjamin Biggs having, on or about the 25th Day of January last, arrested Jqfeph Thwaites a menial Servant of the flight honourable Henry Ecgge, a Member of this House, for a fictitious Debt, and having behaved in a most outrageous and indecent Manner in the House of the said Member, is thereby guilty ofa Breach Of the Privilege of this House.

Be/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Stuart having, on or about the 25th Day of January last, arrested Joseph , a menial Servant

of the Right honourable Legge, a Member

of this House, for a fictitious Debt, and having behaved in a most out rageous and indecent Manner in the House of the said Member, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the - Privilege of this House.

Bejolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Morgan Bqffet having, on or about the 25th Day " of January last, canfed Joseph a menial Ser-

vant of the Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, a Member of this House, to be arrested for a fictitious Debt, and assisted in the said Arrest, and having behaved in a most outrageous and indecent Manner in the House of the said Member, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Biggs be, for his said :» Breaeh of Privilege, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol

of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants L accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Charles Stuart be, for his said

Breach of Privilege, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Nev)gate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Ktnts accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Morgan be, for his said Breach of Privilege, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol

of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

fil'd* A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

Training. Second V ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into

One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

' ’ Bejolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Supply. 'Tjie Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

And a Motion being made, that the several Accounts and Estimate, which have been presented to the

' House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the

v Hof^ital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed

and deserted young Children, be referred to the said

> Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s j.s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty

Vol. 49.

£73

recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the ft. id Accounts arid Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, that so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain l-ands. Tenements, and Hereditaments upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, inTruliees for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned , as relates to the making Compensation to the Proprietors of the Lands therein mentioned; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Copies of the Judgments and Decrees of the Commissioners, appointed pursuant to an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments upon the Sea Coasts, in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trustees for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

k4r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Bejolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Way*

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Ma*5-Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted, in the last Session of Parliament for defraying die Charge of the Pay and’ Cfoathing of the Militia Forces, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March

1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January

1764, of the additional Duties upon Beer and Ale,

established by an Act 1 Georgii III. for paying Annuities granted Anno 1761, alter satisfying all Charges and Im

curobrances thereupon to that Time, be referred to the fold Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonxock the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Toiichct’s fexpence* nt Senegal.

Cardiff

JUads,

974

21" — is® Martii.

A. 1764,

Mr. Alderman Dickiiifon also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswaldhave Leave to mako a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from One of His Majesty’s Principal. Secretaries of State to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in the Year 1759, elating to the Establishmentof aTrade in the River together

with a Copy of the Report or Opinion of His Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, upon the Petition of Samuel Touchet, Esquire, to His Majesty, praying for a Grant of an exclusive Trade to the River Senegal, referred to them by the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Martii; Anno 4® Georgii III1" Regis, 1764. Prayers.

mine t he Matter thereof; and report the same as it Audi ' appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. ft on. Sir Charles Kemys Tynre, Mr. Mackwor'h, Mr.

Cray, Mr. Ti cccy, M r. Vane, M r. Fairfax, M r. L M r. Burrell.Sir Edmund I/ham, M r. Sandy s Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Lord Warkworth Mr. Adams, Sir

George Smile, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr,>

Tudicay, Mr. Duke, Mr. Jack fan, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr . Grosvenor, Mr. Robinson, Sir Eduard

Mr. Rice, Mr. Clayton, Mr. BMr. Chaplin, Mr.,

Plump/re, Colonel Barre, Mr. Jlolt, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ofualdefton; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of and for the

Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambef; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a regular and nightly'3, Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employ- d3Ms ing the Poor within the Parish of Clement Dunes, N'gbtW in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of ,-

was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed tobemade. to the Bill; viz."

Pr. 21.I. 39. To leave out " and Guardians,’* and insert, " or Directors, ’’ instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Sai Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

kiwi

A

Km

to

AP ETITION of the Right honourable Lady Char- An ingrossed Bill for paving, repairing, and cleansing Whiitj

Lotte Edzoin, was presented to the House, and read; the Streets, I^anes, Alleys, and public Passages within Su:t: -Taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in this House, the Town of Whit by,\n the County of York; and for pre-

fer amending, widening, and keeping in repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan; and representing to the House, that if Provision was made in the said Bill for making a new and additional Road from the West End of the new Causeway, near

venting Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alievs, and public Passages within the

Brocastle, in the Road leading from the Town of Cow- Town of Whitby in the County of York -, and for pre-

bridge, to the Town of Bridgend, over certain Lands belonging to the Petitioner, and others, into the Road which leads from Waterloivn to Bridgend, near a certain Quarry about Half a Mile distant from the South End of the Village of Old Ca, and to repair the said last mentioned Road from thence to the said Town of Bridgend, such new Road would not only greatlyfhorten the Distance between the said Towns of Coxvbridge and Bridgend, and make a better and more convenient Communication between the said Town of Bridgend and the Port of Aberthaw than is provided for in the said Bill, but would also be of greater Advantage to the Inhabitants within the Districts of Cowbridge and Bridgend, and to the Public in general; and setting forth, that the Road leading from Bridgend aforesaid to the Village of

BMtW

Road).

ventinglncroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ’

Mr. Duke presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for (hutting up and discontinuing a Road or Gamfry Way now used, over certain inclosed Lands of the b*1*-honourable George Lane Parkerf the Parish 0

Brinketlun, is at present much out of repair, and in- lingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for other Pur-commodious, and cannot be effectually amended and poses therein to be mentioned; was read aSecond Time, widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kyna-

praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, fton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir George

for making the said new and additional Road; and also Montgomery/ Melham, Mr. Norris, Mr. Ovftow, Mr. for repairing and widening the said other Roads, and Myddkton, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dummer, keeping the fame in repair, in such Manner as to the Mr. Penton, Sir William Beauchamp Mr.

House shall seem meet. mer, Captain Ross, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Vincent,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Tudway, Lord Warkxcorth, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Vane, Confederation.of a Committee: And that theydoexa- Mr. Shafto, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir-16 Eduard

4 Geo. III. 2 tf975

Edward Tarver, Mr. 'thunne. Sir Chirk's Kemys Tynte, as it appeared to them, to the House, and lie read the Mr. Anfcm, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Whiished, Mr. Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at Robinson, Mr. Il l:iclico/, Mr. Alderman Dickhjbn, Mr. the Clerk’s Tabid: Where the same was read; and is Cocks, Mr. PaJerJan,.Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fonereatt, Sir as followeth; viz.

Charles MirdauntJSlr. FitzherberfWr.Duke, \\r.Bacon, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Mr. Edmon/ione, Mv. Bailer,’Mr. Lincndi’s, Mr.'Throw- John being examined, said, That the Road

Jhend, Mr* Dowdf:cdl, Mr. Pennant; find all the 'from Belpar Bridge to Ripley,"u\ the said County of Members who fonc for the Comities of Cambridge, Derby, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many

Huntingdon, Ddfex, Bedford, Norfolk,'Suffolk, Her/- Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and wideued

ford', and Northampton:And they are to meet this by the present Methods preferred by Law.

Afternoon, ut Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, That it be an Inftrn&ion to the Committee,

Chamber. to whom the Hill for widening and repairing the Road

leading from in the County of Derby, over

Br*nrtprth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a cer- Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from

lucktiurc. tain Moor or Common, in the Township of Crook and Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Placecalled Bil/yroic, within the Parish of Brancepe/h, in the Coun- Openwood Gate, is committed, That they have Power

ty of Durham, was read the Third Time. to make Provision in the said Bill for widening and

Resolved, That the Bill do pas: And that the Title repairing the Road from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the be. An Act for dividing and inci ting a certain Mooi* County of r*

or Common, in the Township of Crook and Billyroie,

within the Parish of Braycepeth, in the County of Sir Edmund reported from the Committee, to-Stoke Albany

DuAiam, w hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Qpen and toclofitrc.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Common Fields, lying in the Manor and Parish of a Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Albany, in the County of Northampton, was com-;

# mitted, that the Committee had examined the AHega-i A/ft The Lord Warh eorfhreported from the Committee* tious of the Bill, and found the same to be tru£; and to whom the Bill for the better regulating of Buildings, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent ttf J*'n,nce and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except M ithin the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places the Proprietors of Sixty-three Acres and Two Roods of therein mentioned, has Committed, That the Com- Land, and of Seven Cottage Commons and an Half, mittee had examined t lie Allegations of the Bill, and who were all applied to, butyefefed to sign the Bill j

- found the same to be true} and that the Commit- that the whole Property intended to be inclosed,

tee had gone through the Bill, and made fev< ral consists of 1318 Acres and Two Roods of Land, and Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him of 13 Cottage Commons and an half ;and that no Pgr-to report to the House; and he read the Report son appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill} fn his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where mule several Amendments thereunto; which they had the Amendments, were once read throughout} and then, directed him to report to the House; and he read the a Second Time, One by One } and, upon the Question Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* severally put thereupon, were with Amendments, to With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where fcvrrnl of them, agreed to by the House. the Amendments were once read throughout} and then

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, direct- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

- ing how the Property shall be determined, where I Louies severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

are intermixed. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b«

And the said Clause was twice read} and, upon the ingrossed.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to i be made Part of the Bill. , Sir reported from the Committee, to ILingfton

‘ Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the llFcri Hull

against fraudulent Insurances. Powers of an Act, passed in the 1 7th Year of the Reign Bt*®lev

r- And She said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between "Road."

x which being filled up, (he said Clause was, upon the t,ie Town of Kingston upon and the Town of

- Question put thereupon, agreed to by (lie House, to be Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York;

made Part of the Bill. and for repairing the Road from bridge to.

Then several Amendments were made by the House the We(l End of the Town of in the said'

to the Bill. Riding; was committed, That the Committee had ex-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be amined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the , ingrossed. same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments A Athene An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open thereunto; which they had directed him to report to

inctofure. and Common Fields of Alherstone, in the County of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Warwick, and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

within the same, was read the Third Time. *ti at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: Mid that the Title once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One^ be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

Common Fields of Alherstone, in the County of War- upon were agreed to by the House.

wick, and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds Ordered, lhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be within the same. . ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and dtlire their Concurrence. Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Doncaft,r-

t whom *he hill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery Small Debt*.

! Afliborae Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to of final! Debts within the Borough and Soak of; KMd. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- in the County of York; and for lighting the

holders, and Inhabitants living in or near the Town of Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and P/aces A/hbonte, in the County of Derby, was referred, That within the said Borough; was committed; That the ' the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, and found tho same to be true; and that the Com-

> Vox.. 29. 11 P mittee

% 2* Martii. A. 1764.

roittoe had gone through the Bill, and made fevered put thereupon, agreed -to by the House; and the lhjl Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him was amended at the Table accordingly, to report to the House; and he read the Report jn his , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the be. An Act for the more eafv DischargeofRecognj-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the zances estreated into His Majesty’s Court of Ex-Report was read. chequer.

And several M' the Amendments made by the Com- Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectualTwo Veft(riltt.

to by the House. several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Parinj.

And the House being informed, that several other Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, Amendments are necessary to be made to the said cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes ' Bill; within the City and Liberty of the Parishes

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, of Saint Giles in the Saint George the Martyr, -

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the that Part of the Parish of Saint

Committee, to whom the same was committed. Holborn which lies in the County of

the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and Plunkett’* An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time given to that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the Estate*. Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trulls veiled County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

i 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, was read a Second Time.

An Act for vesting the Remainder in Pee of several , 'rhat the Bill be committed.

Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett, Esquire, Resolved, that the Bill be committed to a Committee

m Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protestant of the whole House.

Purchasers; and also, by another Act of Parliament, made in the g.'pl Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees t herein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them, In and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the'(hid 16th Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty; was read the Third Time.

'the Amendment following was proposed to be made lo the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 15. After " Measure," to ir.fcrt " Knock-' " legan, Jdalf a Quarter Thirty-four Acres of profitable Land of like ' " Measure.’*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

'Revived, That the Bill do pass: And that; the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Time given to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them in and by an Act of Parliament made in the ibth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur , Esquire, in.

Trufrees, in Order to fe ll such Lands to Proteltause Purchasers; and also, by another Act of Parliament, made in the 3 pi Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts veiled, in them, in and by the said Act of Parliament, made in the said 16th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,

Ordered, That Mr. Shiftier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A.nfwer Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their to A<l<lrefc Addrefe of Tuefdai)last, that his Majesty would be for Plans, graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Plans, &c’ lifthnate, and letter therein mentioned, might be laid hofore this House, had been presenttfd to His Majesty; smd that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for the more cafv Discharge of Re-

Recotmiwces . "> ,. , ,.

eftnated cognizances eltrented mto rhs Majesty s Court ot r.x-into the chequer, was read the Third Time.

Exchequer T he Amendment following was proposed to be made to the bill; viz.

Pr. a. 1. After "Barons," to insert, " without " any Quietus to be sued out for that " Purpose."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Ne»pcn. (he Bill for dividing and inclosing a Waste Ground, bsMw called the Marsh, in the Tovynship of Newport, in the County of Salop, and applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeirt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which th$y haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

mgrofl’ed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- rmpomu posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable »f His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the freu Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, in such a Manner as the Necessity of the Time may require, and as He, in His Wisdom, (halt think convenient and need* fu!;

The House was informed, that some Words of Heat had passed in the Ilonfe, between Sir John Gibbons and Mr. Coults, Members of this House; and that Sir John Gibbons was gone out of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Gibbons do attend this House immediately in his Place.

And he being come into the House;

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required the said Sir John Gibbons anti Mr. Coutts to fund up in their Places, and promise, upon their Words and Honour, that the Matter llio'Uld proceed no farther.

And the said Members accordingly flood up in their Places, and promised the House not to prosecute the Matter.

Ordered, That Leave be gheu to bring in a B I' to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his IVw Council, to order the free Imp .'nation 01 P.-oviibiiS-"from Ireland, during th next ilccelV ci

S«?t

r

s

W‘.

A

/ £* >’< t

J It

jJ

a

;./J

0,r

4 Geo. III. 22° MSrlii. 977

in such a Manner, as the Necessity of thfe Time may require, and as He, in His Wisdom, shall think coh-venient and needful: and that Mr. Sir JfW-

li:mMeredith, the Lord Coleraine, Mr. Nugent, and Sir George Armilage, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mrk Alderman Dickinfi according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whfere tine same were read; and are as followeth; Viz.

Rtf>lved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred and Forty-five Pdunds Fifteen Shillings be granted to His Majesty* to enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, made in lire Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments npoh the Sea Loads, in the Counties of Ken', SiJ/ex, and ©n which Torts and Batteries have been ©reeled for the Defence of the said Coasts, in Trttlifees, for certain Uses; and for other Purpost s therein mentioned; to make G6ni-pensation to the several Owners and Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments in the Counties of Kent, Si/J/er, and as have been

purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Adf, and for damages done to the Lands adjacent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Orie hundred and Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make gOod the Interest . of the several Principal Sums to he peid in ptirfuanefe cif an Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Purchase of several Ladds,- Tenement^, and Hereditaments upon the Sea Coasts, in thfe Comities of Kent, Sussex, add Seutfampton* oh Which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, from the Twenty-nirith Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, to the Twenty-fourth Day bf Julie One tlioufaud Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account* for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four".

The First Resolution Of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it fe referred to consider further of the Supply granted to 41 is Majesty.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being jead a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That I^eave he^given so bring in a Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parlia^* meat, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called ling land, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764: And that Sf John Turner, the Lord Strange, Mr. Toionjhend, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr JenkinJbn, and Mr. Wha/ely, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Foreign , Notice being taken of a Mistake in the Account of

Lineu*. Vot, 29.

the Quantity bf foreign Libert s exported froth iZiigtand tb the British Plantations ih America, together with Hie Amount of the Drawbacks allowed thereon, from f&rtjt-inds 1759 to Chri/ltnas 1 yd; distirtguishing each YJeaf; Which was prefen ted to the Holife Upon Monday last j

Ordered, That Leate be giveri tb Withdraw the said Account; ih order to the prfefdnting d pferfeft Ad* count.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, imported front the Committee of the whole House, so whom it was referred to consider flirt her bf Ways and Mehhs for raising the Supply granted tb His MajestjK the Resolution© which the Corritnitteb had directed hith to report to the House; Which life read in JiiS Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are ds folio Wfeili; vik.

Rejbbdd, That it is the Opiriibti of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills* so be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament* and stich Exchequer Bills if hot discharged, with Interest thereupon, Oh of Befbrfe the 5th Day of April 1765, to be exchanged and received in Payment, ft such Manner as Exchequer Bills have hfually been exchanged and received ih Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm it t fee?, That the Sum of Three thousand Four hundred and Ninety-seven Potwds Nine Shillings and Ninfe-pfehfc£, remaining in the Receipt of thfe Exehfefjjher, being thfe Surplus of the federal Duties upon Refer and Ale, granted by an Act, made in the First Year Of Hrt Majesty's Reign, after faritfying all Chdrgfes and Incumbrapcfes thereupon to the 5th Drty of January 1764,- be hiked and applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved.y That it Is the" Opinion of this Committed, That such Part of the Stmi of One hundred anc^ Fifty thousand Pounds, granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament for defraying the Cmarge of thfe Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1.763, as shall remain in the Recfeipt of the Exchequer, after thfe laid Charge is satisfied, be iffilfed and applied towards raisiri^ the Supply granted to His Majesty ih this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committed, That an Art, made in thfe 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; which was to be in Force for Nine Years, from the 25th Day of December 1731; and Which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13th, 22d, and 28th Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 25th Day of December 1764, and from thence to thfe’ End of the thfen next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his lntd Majesty King George the Second, intituled', An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale FifJiery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects,

which was to be in Force during the Continuance of thp last mentioned Act of the Fifth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; and which was, by the said Act of the 13th Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued unto the said 25th Day of December 1750, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the 2ad Year, and also of an Act of the 28th Year of his said late Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of December 1764, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near, expiring1, and fit to be continued.

W*j» and

Means.

978 22* Ma 1764.

Rejoiced,*Xliat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Christmas 1762 to Michaelmas 1763; disemguishing the That an Act, made in the Year of his late Majesty different Quantities of each fort of Wine, with the King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Amount of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks allowed further Encouragement.and Enlargement of the Whale thereon in each Year; be referred to the said Coirt-Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mittee.

mentioned relating thereto; and for the Naturaliza- Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of all tion of such foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the East India Goods (Teas, Drugs, and prohibited Goods Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as shall excepted) exported from to His Majesty's Do-

befitted out for the said Fishery, which was to be in minions in America within the last Fifteen Years,

Force from the 29th Day of September 1749 until the from Cltriftmas 1748 to 1762, and from

25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the thence to 763; distinguishing the different

Find of the then next Session of Parliament; and which. Quantities of each fort of Goods, and the Duties paid,. by another Act made in the 28th Year of his said late and Drawbacks allowed thereon, in each Year; be re- Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of ferred to the said Committee.

December 1764, and from thence to the Epd of the Ordered, That the Account of the nett Produce, then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and within the last Fifteen Years, of the Duties charged by fit to be continued. ' an Act, made in the 25th. Year of the Reign of King

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Charles the Second,' intituled, An Act.lor the Kncou-Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- ragement of the Greenland and Eaflland-Trades, and upon, agreed to by the House. for the better securing the Plantation Trade; distiit-

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant guitliingeach Year; as aUo the nett Produce of the to the Threr.. First Resolutions of the said Committee, Duties charged by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the and which have been agreed to by the'House: And that Reign of his late- Majesty' Ring George the Second, iu-Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exche- tituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging quer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in

-Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Attorney General, distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Co;i- Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, and Xlr. Whately, mittee. do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Cam-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen bricks and French Lawns exported from England to who are appointed to prepare, and.bring in, a Bill, His Majesty’s Dominions in America, within the last ptjrfuant to the Resolution which, upon Friday last. Fifteen N. ears; distinguishing the Quantity, the Duties was reported from the Committee of tliew'hole House, paid, and Drawbacks allowed thereon, m each Y'ear; to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which be referred to the said Committee.

.was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition Ordered, That the Account of prohibited East Inditf oft lie Merchants, and others His Majesty’s British Suit- (roods exported to I Tis Majesty’s Dominions in,

jests concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred; from Christmas 1748 to Chrijhnas 1763; distinguishing -that they do also prepare the said Bill, pursuant to the the different Quantities of each fort of Goods, and Three, last. Resolutions, this Day reported from the the Duties paid thereon in each Y’ear; be referred to' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- the said Committee.

ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for Ordered, That the several Papers which have been raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed presented to" the House in this Session of Parliament, to by the House. with regard to the proper Method for securing and -

improving the Revenues, and preventing contraband -

Supply Bill; The other Order of the Day being read, for the Trade \n ^America; and with regard to the stationing American House to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole Vessels or Ships of War for that Purpose; be referred to 1 uties. House, upon the Bill for granting certain Duties in the said Committee. \

the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for Ordered, That the Account of Tea cleared, of the continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act Company, from the 5th *753, to the-

passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- 5th 1763, be referred to the Paid Committee,

jesty Ring George the Second, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity, of Entile better securing and encouraging the Trade of His and Irish Linens exported from to any

Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the foreign Countries (except the ‘tish ColoniesTind Pian-]>rodu, cc of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by tations) with the Bounties paid thereon, for the last virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the F-xpences Three Years, from Christmas 1759.40 Chrijhnas. of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colo- 17G2.; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said nies and* Plantations; lor explaining an Act made in the Committee.

'25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,. Ordered, That the Account Qf the Quantity of intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Green- tish and Linens exported from England to t he

land and, EastlamlTrades, and for the better securing Colonies apd Plantations in America, with the

the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing Bounties paid thereon, for the last Three Years, n# several . Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, from Christmas 1739 to Chrijhnas j 762; distinguishing and more. ellVctual preventing the clandestine C011- hath Year; be referred to the said Committee.: veyauce.of Goods to and from the said Colonies And Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of White Plantations' and improving and securing the Trade Callicoes exported from England to the British Flait-between the same and Great Britain; tations in America, together with the Amount of the

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of all Drawbacks allowed thereon, from! Christmas 1779 to Teas, China Ware, Callicoes, and other East India Christ mas. 17G2; distinguishingeach Year; be referred to Goods, exported to the British Colonies, in America, in the said Committee.

Ten Years, i'E..I'rom Chrijhnas 1732 to Christmas 1-/61; Then; the- House resolved itself into the said Com-

yliftingnifliing each Year; together with an Amount of mittee. the Drawbacks paid thereon; be referred to the said Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Committee. Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

, Ordered, That. the Account of all Wines exported Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

from, England to His Majesty’s Dominions in America, Mr. reported from the Committee, that they

from eijlmas 17.18 to Christmas 1762, and from had made 1'omc Progress in the Bill, and that be" was ‘c . , dir«ted

4 Geo. III.

22° — 23°

979

clirc$e<l by the Committee to move, that they may Bejly Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whichcot,

fetipply Bill; American Duties.

hanr Leave to lit again.

at Solved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning next, rel'olv-e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to

make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly*

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burton do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for granting certain Duties in the Brilijk Colonies and Plantations in America-, for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixtii Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectual preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. John Clayton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Account: iicaver Skins.

Mr. Parker, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Sir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Butt, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Foley, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fane, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fonereau, Sir George Mr.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Montagu, Sir JarritSmith, Mr LordBrozon-

lotv Bertie, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Liticoln, and and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of U16 Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of the

Guardians or Trustees of King Edicard the Sixths Alms-houses there, and other the Feoffees thereof, to convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions of the said Alms-houses to Sir John Griffin Griffin and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned; and for veiling Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Edmund Mr, Robinfoti, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fuller,

Saffron

Walden

Exchange.

Ordered, That Mr. John Taylor do attend the said Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Buller, Sir George Savile, M

Burrell, Mr. Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr.

liewett, Mr. Luther, Mr. Sandys, General Honeywood, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bull, Mr. Grey, Mr. 7 Gore, Si Armitage, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. George Onjlrnv, Mr. Neville, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sir John Gibbons, Mr, Houblm),

Mr. Dyson, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Charles

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fonereau, General Harvard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilbraham BootU, Mr. Parker, Lord Frederick Cavendish-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of

Committee, at the same Time

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Livingston do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Neale do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Logan do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Shoemaker do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ebenezer Roebuck do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Wilson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Curry do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Bacon have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly

Ordered, That an Account of Beaver Skins exported Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road

to Ireland, from ChristmasOne thousand Seven hundred

and Forty-nine, to Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; distinghishing each Year; be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

firoughton

Inclosure.

A1

V eneris, 2 30 Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii Iir" Regis, 1764. Prayers.

Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow-s, and Common Pastures, in the Pari lh of Nether Broughton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Buller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Cujl, Mr VoL. 29.

Crackley

Bant

to

Shrewlbur/

Road.

from the Sign of the in to

Green; and also from the West End of Atcham Bridge to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop-, and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horse Shoe in Uckington, to Longnor Green; and also from the West End of Atchnm Bridge to the Cross Ho upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cuff reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, to apply _ certain Sums of Money now in their Hands, or due to 'Sorthey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. them for Arrears of Rent, and also all Monies which may

« Q hereafter

Mercer*’

Company.

980

Martii.

A.

hereafter arise from their annual Income and Estates {after Payment of their several Annuities, and other Sums charged, and to be charged thereon) towards Payment of the other Creditors of the said Wardens and Commonalty, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Piper’s Inn, An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Ro»d. Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of in the County of

Somerset, to and through and Wells, to the

White Poll in the Great Weltern Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to lhi/h. Hill, leading to the

City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 12. after "to" to insert "divert."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill \vas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title "be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Poll in the Great Western Road to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Rush Hili, leading to the City of 1 Brijloland for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudxaay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Spalding The Lord Broumlow Bertie reported frorii the Com-Bl mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening 08 ’ the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Marketplace in Donington; and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gojberloivn, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the county of ; was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Warkworth A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Warkworth, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George 16

1764.

Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Bagot, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmley,

Nugenti Mr. Cust, Mr. Aldermatl Lord

Mullet on <, Mr. Jlu/ke, Sir George MontgMetkam,

Mr. Price, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Thomas Toxonfheni,

Mr. Dcmpfier, Mr; Montagu, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ojioald, Mr. Parker, Air; Colleton, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Luttrdl, Mr. Lord

Mr. Harbord, Sir Edward Bayntu, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Coi'entry, Lord Fife, Mr. Vane.

Sir Anthony Abdy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Warwick, Leicester, Huntingdon, Bucks, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from Rotherham in the County of to the tknv.,4 present Turnpike Road near Plin the County of

Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the ®a*-Town of Chesterfield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleafey, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherhaminto the present Turnpike Road on the

East Side of Tankerjley Park, in the said County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcelfes do carry the B.li to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the wi- f Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lane, in the

Parish of Middleton ', in the County of York, was mad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road froiii the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do make the Report from the Exjxmiw: I Committee, to whom the Petition of the Agents for the Colonies of South Carolina and Georgia, on behalf of their -respective Colonies; and of several British Merchants, and Owners of Ships, trading to those Colonies; was referred.

Sir George A rmitage reported from the Committee, Dondinl to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery Sim" UcJ1| of small Debts within the Borough and Soak of Doncaster, in the County of and for lighting

the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the said Borough; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; &:,<1 afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upoa the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to* by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Borough and tylgl: Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, with Wa:e.wfc frdh and wholesome Water, was read the Third lime

Resolved,

L.r.

M.

Ac,

fc;

pTO:

Gc

As

Account*

Linens,

4CC.

xconttt; rizure of ohibited ioods in Vmerica.

4 Geo. III. 23" Martii. 98 f

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie. An Act for iupplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of ,with frelli and

uholcfome Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Luttrtlldo carry the Bill to the I.olds, and desire their Concurrence.

f'The House being informed, that Mr. lrotn the Commi(honers of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens exported from England to the Plantations in

America, together with the Amount of the Drawbacks allowed thereon, from Christ 1759 to Christmai 1762; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Linen imported iufco England, together with the Duties paid thereon, from Christmas 1759 to 1762;

distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Drawbacks allowed, and of the Duties remaining, upon each Article of foreign Goods exported by Certificate from England to the American Colonies, between the ill of January 1761 and the ill January 1762: And also,

An Account of the Duty paid upon the Exportation of Logwood, and other dying Woods, from the ill January 1750 to the ift January 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of (he whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in;

for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, for applying the Produce of such Duties and of the Duties to ariie by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, Ary Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectual preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hutton, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Seizures of uncuiiomed and prohibited Goods, made by the Officers of His Majesty’sCustoms in North America, and by His Majesty’s Ships stationed on the Coali, from the Date of the Peace.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of Vol. 29.

His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in; for applying

the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties' to a rife by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eafdand Trades; and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, j and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks 011 Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectual preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same ajid Great Britain.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to impower the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Providing Keeper, or the Commissioners of the Great Seal, for additional the Time being, to lay put so milch of the dead Stock Accomptant* in the Bank of England, of the Money of Suitors in General the Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient to raise a of Chancery; Fund to pay an additional Clerk in the Office of the t -

Accomptant General of the said Court, wad read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House ah Account of the annual Ballances of the dead Cash and Securities in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1739 to the presentTime; distinguishing the dead Cash from the Securities, in each Year.

A Bill for the better establishing a Manufactory of Winchelfe* Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually Cambrick known under those Denominations now carrying on 1J}nd H,wn . at Winc/tel/ea, in the County of and for im- anu °rjr*

proving, regulating, and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Cuf, Mr. Bolton, Colonel Howe, Mr. Harhord,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Willy, Mr. Penton, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Archer, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Fonereau, Lord North, Mr. , Lord

Warkworth, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Ptejcot,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hewett, Sir William Baker, Mr.

Burrell, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Tom field, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Ryder, Lord Howe, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Doxodejwell, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Witbraham Bootle,

Sir Jarrit Smith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex and Kent.-, and for the Cinque Ports; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Southampton-, and for North Britain-, and (all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s’

Chamber.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Supfriy Bill; Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of sinking Fund.-the Year 1764; and for preventing, in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved?

982

23° Mat

A. 1764.

Account; Forts and Batteries on the Sea Coast.

fl<"/b/red, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Interest upon the several Principal Sums adjudged and decreed according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to be the Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, and

Southampton, upon which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, and for Damages done to the Lands adjacent, from the Time the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, to the 24th Day of June 1764, after the Rate of Four Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, by the Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Exportation of Rice.

Mr. Cujt, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Agents for the Colonies of South Carolina and , on behalf of

their respective Colonies, and of several British Merchants and Owners of Ships, trading to those Colonies, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and bad directed a State thereof to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetk; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as followetk;

William Knox, hfquire, Ageut for the Province of Georgia, produced to your Committee, an Extract from the Custom-house Books of Great Britain, containing an Account of the Exports from Great Britain to South Carolina and Georgia, by which it appeared that the Value of Goods exported in the Year 1740 was £.181,821, and in the Year 1761, was £.278,866.

To this Point your Committee examined John Nutt and William Greenwood, Esquires, Merchants in London, who said. That they themselves had, in the Course of the last Year, exported Goods to

Barrels of that Year’s Produce, in Payment for which Specie was remitted to Great Britain.

That from the Accounts these Gentlemen have from their Correspondents in Carolina and Georgia, they have Reason to believe, the Consumption of Rice in those Blands would have increased every Year, as the Inhabitants were fond of it.

Mr. Greenu 'oodfurther informed your Committee,

That au Agent, commissioned from France, lately applied to him to contract lor the Delivery of 40,000 Barrels of Rice, in Three Years, at Cayenne, the Value of which would have been upwards of £.40,000, for each Year: That he could not contract with the said Agent, because, that as the Law now (lands, he coaid not export Rice from Carolina or Georgia to Cayenne, or any other foreign Country in America or Africa, without bringing it full to Great Britain: That the Length of the Voyage would spoil the Grain; and that the Charges of Freight and Insurance would be much more than the Cost of the Rice.

Mr. Nutt also further informed your Committee, That the Quantity of Rice now exported to Portugal, and the Southern Parts of . from Carolina and Georgia, was 20,000 Barrels a Year: That before it was permitted to carry Rice thither directly from those Provinces, Portugal and were supplied with

Rice from the Levant, but that now the Levant Rice is beat out of those Markets.

That mow-burnt and broken Rice cannot be fold in Europe, but that such llice would do very well for the West India Islands; and that if the Carolina and Georgia Planters could find a Vent for their broken and mow-burnt Rice, it would enable them to fell their whole Rice cheaper, which would increase the Consumption of it in Holland, Germany, and Portugal.

That the Inhabitants of Madeira and the Canary Islands would consume a considerable Quantity of Rice, were they permitted to be supplied with it directly from Carolina and Georgia.

Mr. Knox being asked, if the Demand for Rice was increased. Whether there are Lands in the Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, sufficient to produce a greater Quantity ? said. That there was not near One fourth of the Land capable of producing Rice in those Provinces under Cultivation; and that the Addition lately made by His Majesty to the Province of Georgia, of I amis to the Southward of Alatamatia, contained a greater Number of Acres suitable for the Culture of Rice, than there was now planted with that Grain in both Provinces; and that there were now 80,000 Negroes in the Two Provinces. This

and Georgia, to the Amount of £. 200,000; and that Evidence was corroborated by an honourable Member they believed the whole Value of the Exports from of your Committee, who had resided many Years in Great Britain to those Colonies, in the last Year, was Carolina.

not less than £. 400,000, and were chiefly British Manufactures.

Mr. Knox also produced to your Committee, an Extract from the Custom-house Books in Charles-town,

South Carolina, from which it appeared, that in the Year 1750, — 442 Negroes were imported into that Province; and in the Year 1756, — 2,200 were imported; and in the Year 1761, — 3,500.

It also appeared from other Extracts from the

Custom-house Books in Carolina and Georgia, That

l-to

Br

Ft"

P:A'

k

An

Di

Ordered, That, the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Price of all Fwiisj kinds of Corn and Gram is at present very high in the

h;H

of

the Quantity of Rice exported from those Provinces Markets of that City and County, and, as the Petitioners

in the Year 1763, was 120,000 Barrels, which gave Freight to 35,000 Tons of B and Plantation Ship-

ping, and produced to the Revenue of Great Britain, near f. 22,000.

It also appeared to your Committee, from the concurrent Evidence of Mr. Nutt, Mr. Greenwood, and Mr. Knox, that the Quantity of Rice produced the last Year in South Carolina and Georgia, was fully sufficient to supply the Demands for it from all the Countries to which it might then be exported from those Provinces; and that the foreign Islands, then in the Pollieffiou of Great Britain, consumed 14,000

are informed, in all other Parts of England-, and that the same is in a great Measure owing to the large Quantities of Corn and Grain which are daily exported to Places beyond the Seas; and that the Petitioner* have undoubted Intelligence that Orders have been lately sent from Abroad, for the buying up larger Quantities of Corn and Grain than have beeu ever known to be ordered at any one Period; and therefore the Petitioners arejuftly alarmed at the Consequencei of such au Exportation, as it mult necessarily raise the Price of Corn so very high, as to bring the greatest Distress upon Poor Manufacturers and their

Families,

4 Geo. III.

Families, and all other Persons who are not in affluent Circumstances; and that the Petitioners are very apprehensive this great Evil will be inevitable, unless tire Exportation of Corn be immediately flopped for a reasonable Time: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for that Purpose; or that such Other Means may be Speedily used for that End, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the high Prices of Provisions; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Infants’ A Bill to enable Infants who are foiled of Lands, th? Tenement', or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of Dutchyof Lancq/ler, or the Counties Palatineof Ckefttr, Lancaster,

Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or fcc. or for the Life or Lives of One dr more other Person or Persons, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances-of such Eliates, by Order of the Court of , the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the Coifnty Palatine of Chester, the Court of the County Palatine of fancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of* the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, was r«jad a Second Time.

Jte/blved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

*83

Lung) 26° dieMartii j

Anno 4* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1764.

PfcAYERS-

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing Qhe Moiety of Rye the" Duties granted by an Act of the 1 ith and Barbour. 12th Year of King William the Third, for tlye Repait of Dover Harbour; and which have been, by Several other Acts, continued till the 12 th Day of May,

1765; and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer-, and for more effectually completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour; vyas read, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the nth and x2th Year of King Williatn the Third, for repairing Dover harbour; and which have been, by Several other Acts» continued till the 12th Day of May 1765; and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer-, and for more effectually completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

if — 26'Martii.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; The House resolved itfolf into a Committee of the American whole House, to consider further of the Bill for grant-utie,‘ ing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America.-, for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Se-

cond, intitxxled. An Act for the better Securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-' tituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the

> land and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing

x! the Plantation.Trade; and for altering and disallow-

ing Several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, y.--. and more effectually preventing the clandestine Con-

yeyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

Mr. Whately took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Whately reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Cardiff Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, Road*. and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and Several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Great Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Great Wigftou Wigston, in the County of Leicejle, was read the Inclosure* Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Great Wigston, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl of Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Ileredita- Aftibumham’* ments in the Counties of Bedford, and Lan- Settlement.

caster, com prilled in the Marriage Settlement of John Earl of Ashburnham, in him the said Earl, in'Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of that Settlement;, and for fnbllituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Dominion of Wales in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Thomond, Mr. Norris, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr.

Ashburnham, S\rGeorge Montgomery Mr. Boone,

Mr. Offley, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Onjlcw, Mr. Jtffreys, Mr.

Dowde/well, Mr. Pelham, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Codrington,

Mr. Buller, Mr, Chaplin, Mr. Fonercau, Mr.

Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rolle, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Barrow, Sir Edmund Mr.

Tucker, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Grosvener, Mr. Tudicay, Mr. Ward-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset,

Cornwall, Bedford, Lincoln, and York j and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

it

VOL. *9*

11 R

An

fcingfton upon Hull Streets.

Cardiff

Hoads.

Ditto*

984

26° Martii,

A. 1764.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and supplying the A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Deficiencies of an Act, passed in the Second Year of Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, whole Names His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, An Act to amend and render more effectual several and read; Setting forth. That the ul'ual public High-Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of way leading from the 1 own of Neath, through a Place the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for preventing called Coed. Frank, and from thence, through the Ford

Canfif

Koife.

Annoyances therein j was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act, paflied in the Second Year of the Reign

of the River Toivey, to the Town of SwanfeA, and, when the said Ford is not open, to the Ferry, is very inconvenient to the Country, and much out of Repair; and that at a Meeting of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

of His present Majesty King George the Third, in- Freeholders of that County, on the 30th of January tituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual last, it was agreed to avoid all Fords and Ferries in the several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Bill to be applied for; and that a Road from Neath,

Streets of the Town of Kingston upon and for

preventing Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

by Church, through the Fields, to and over

For eft Bridge to would be the prppereft and

most advantageous for the Country; but instead there* of, the Petitioners are lately informed, that by the Bill now depending in the House for amending, widening, Sir Edmtmd Thomas reported from the Committee, to and keeping in repair the several Roads from Rumney

whom Ihe Petition of the Right honourable Lady Charlotte Edwin, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Bridge to RoJJilly, it is intended, that the Road, amongst others, leading from Neath to is to be carried

from a certai n Place called Crymlyn Brook, near Farm, in the Possession of D Hopkin, by Sicanfea Ferry, through the Town of Swansea, to RoJJ'dly; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be attended with many Inconveniences, such as the Difficulty and additional Expence of conveying loaded Horses, Carts, and other Carriages to Market, over the Ferry; the Obstruction

Lewis Thomas informed your Committee, That the mak- the Ferry often meets with for many Hours in a Day, ing a new additional Road over certain inclosed Grounds from the Tides, and from the patting and re-passing of from the West End of New Causeway, near Brocastle, Ships and other Vessels in and out of Harbour; and into the Road which leads from Watertown to Bridgend, more particularly, the Impossibility of parting for many near a Quarry about Half a Mile dillant from the Hours together, occafipned by the Rapidity of Land Village of Old Castle; and to repair the Road from Floods, which will be injurious to the Public in general, thence to the Town of Bridgend-, would be of great and to the Petitioners in particular; And therefore Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Towns of Coivbridge praying the House, That Provision may be made in and Bridgend, as it would be shorter than the other the said Bill, for widening, amending, and keeping in Road by more than a Mile, and would open a better Repair the Road from , by Llanfamlelt Church, Communication to the Port of Aberthawthan is pro- through the Fields, to and over For eft Bridge, through tided for in the Bill; and would be an Accommodation Swansea, to Bo filly; and that the Petitioners may be

to Travellers.

And the Witness added. That if the Road from Bridgend to Brinkethinwas repaired, it would be of public

Utility: Which was confirmed by Mr. Richard Price.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff", and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making a new and additional Road from the West End of the New causeioay, near Brocastle, in the Road leading from

Cowbridge to Bridgend, over certain Lands, into tho Road which leads from Watertown to Bridgend, near a

heard by themselves or their Counsel, in respefct thereof; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gicynne, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Waller, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ijm ndes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr. Chaplin, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Mr. Fuller, General Mr.

Rolle, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Butler, Mr. Norris, Mr Mr. Onjloio, Mr. Barroto, Mr. Wilson,

certain Quarry about Half a Mile from the South End Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Mor-

of Old Castle, and to repair the Road from thence to the said Town of Bridgend-, and also the Road from Bridgend aforesaid, to the Village of Brinkethin.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the Town and Neighbourhood of Bridgend, in the County have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read;

daunt, Mr. Foley, I^ord Brownloio Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Price, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Buller; and all the Members who serve Tor the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, Monmouth, and Somerset-, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

Taking Notice of the said last mentioned Bill; and representing to the House several Advantages which, the Petitioners allege, will arise from making the said additional Road, and repairing the Road from a Place near Old Castle, to the Town of Bridgend, and the Road from Bridgend to Brinkethin: And praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making the said new and additional Road; and also for repairing

fame in Repair, in such Manner as to the House shall

seem meet.

O dri ed, That the said Petition be referred to the Corr.;a:ttee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Tm

til

Tr.

A Bill for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Eftat.es given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Mr. Kyna-

and widening the said other Roads, and keeping the ston, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Tu fnell, Sir

BtdfW

Charity.

mour, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Harley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Alderman Die kinjbn, Sir Charles Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Willoughby,

J

4 Geo. III. 26® Martii. p8$

Willoughby, Mr. Best, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. reau. Lord Hoice, Mr. Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Northey, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Drake, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Chaplin, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Marquis of

Colonel Howe, Lord Burgherjh; and all the Member# who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, -thampton, Lincoln, Hertford, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tc* for veiling the settled Ellate of Young, Esquire,

in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising the reby, together with other Money of the said William Young, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Northey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Grim, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Norris, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Harris, Sir Kemys

l- Tynte, Mr. Archer, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Gilbert, Lord

Grey, Mr. Drake, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Sir

Edmund Isham, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

' Chaplin, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir William Codrington,

- Sir LynchSahtfbury Cotton; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tewkefljury Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, ,. Road. to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, leading from the Town of: bury, in the County of as relates to the First

District of the Roads therein mentioned; and for ...,) amending the Road from a Place called Comb Hill, to

a Bridge at or near Norton Mill, being Part of the Road from Teiokesbury to the City of Gloucester was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

I, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

' Bramcote Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do make the )dd House, Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of &c.. the Earl of Harrington, and the humble Petition of Road. several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Sir Alexander Gilmour accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed ' to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House;

' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same - ‘ was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Barbor being examined, said. That the Roads from Haffack Lane End, through Haffack Lane, over Langley Common, to the Town of and from

Hajfack Lane End, to the Town of Shipley, in the [ County of Derby; are very ruinous, and in many Places

narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and v widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Voi*. 29.

That Three of the greatest Coal Works in that Part of the Country are at Heanor, Langley, and Shipley, in the County of Derby, and large Quantities of Coal are flack’d up, and ready for Sale, but cannot be disposed of on Account of the Badness of the Roads.

That if the said Roads were repaired and Widened, it would be of public Utility, by Supplying the Town of Nottingham, the Vale of Belvoir, and the Towns adjacent, with Coal, at all Times of the Year.

Mr. Thomas Oldknoio confirmed the above Evidence*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from BramcoteOddIIoufe,\n the County of

to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and from Hajfack Lane End to in

the said County of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haffack Lane End, through Haffack Lane, over Langley Common, to the Town of Heanor; and from Smalley Common to the Town of Shipley, in the County of Derby.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and enlarge Kingston the Powers of an Act, passed in the 17th Year of the u?on Rail Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town Rood, of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Rond from Newland Bridge to the West End of the To*vnofCo//iHg/tew, in the said Riding; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence!.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cora- Everdon mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Inclosure. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon, and Little Everdon, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Everdon, and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Bideford leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Ro*dt* Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duke,

Mr. Rolle, Sir Edmund Baynlun, Mr. Butler, Sic Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Kynn-Jton, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Ci/Jt, Mr. Buller,

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Lynch Salu/bury Cotton, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Mr,

Andreto Archer, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Wood, Mr. Archer, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Tvfnell, Mr. Dyjon, Mr. Itarbord,

Mr. Upton, Mr. ToxcnJhend, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gray,

Lord Warkworth, Mr, Doxvdefwell, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. O/baldeJton, LoitJ Grey s and all the Member# who serve for the Counties of Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to- meet this Afternoon,

98 6

noon, at Chamber.

160 Martii.

A. 1764.

Bideford

Roads,

five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreedto, and the rest were, with an Amendment ti> One of them, agreed to by the l loul’e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Answer to to Address for Account.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of Devcii, on behalf

of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Petition is now before the House, for obtaining an Act for making Turnpike Roads to the West and South of the Town of Bideford, in the said County; and that it is intended to erect a Gate at Rotherncy Bridge, about Half a Mile from the said' Town of Great Torrington; and that there are already Two Turnpike Gateserested in the said Town o Torrington, under the Barnstaple Turnpike Act, One of which Gates is at Great Torrington Town Bridge, about Half a Mile from Rotherncy Bridge aforesaid, and the other leading from Great Torrington, to the said Town of Bideford; that the erecting a Gate at

Bridge, will oblige all Persons travelling to or from Great Torrington to pay the Turnpike Toll, who will not travel the Roads to be included in the said intended Act, only by eroding the same; and such a Gate will be a grievous Burthen to the Inhabitants of Great Torringtonaforsaid, and others: And therefore praying, That aClause may be inserted in the said intended Act, that no Gate may be erected within Two Miles from Rotherney Bridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, is committed.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, Had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty h^d commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Act

Inunuct

Onica

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent M ifehiefs that may happen hvFife, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proprifed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 9. To leave out " after," and insert " before," instead thereof. '

And the said Amendment was, upon the QuMFort put thereupon, agreed to by the House; ami the Dill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cohcurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. from Accon:

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the BomStk Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Beaver Skins exported to Ireland, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

York

to

Beverley

Road.

Mr. Dyson presented to the House, according to SupplyS; Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Whale Whdt Mr. TajJ'ndl reported from the Committee, to whom Fishery in the Gulph and River of Laurence,

Scots Dyke to

Lanoholm

Road*

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, that the Committee had considered the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, to whom the Bid for repairing and widening the Road

and on the Coasts of I lis Majesty’s Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition from several Persons of SaliJkiry, in the County of Wilts, against the disallowing of the Drawbacks on Calliceos and Foreign Linens, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contrudiceide.

lap

Silikjl

anioil

certal

Dravta

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Floufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Infants, who are seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lan-

or or the Principality of Wales, in Fee,

or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or or Persons, in Trull, or by way of Mortgage, to make

Conveyances of such Estates, by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of 1 lie Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of the Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Charieery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Se (lions in the Principality of tVales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chaih

The

Infill j fibs I intkl Dutcferi

through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to lliU'Cfiojs, in the County of Roxburgh, was committed, I hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the 13111, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made imaivl Amendments thereunto; which they had directed h‘.*n to report to the House; and he r Import in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bits i‘h the Amendments, in at Hie Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ' *7

Gool

4 Geo. III.

*6* Ma

98>7

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

The LordStrdnge'tbdkdH^Clialr of (fife CBfmhittOe. and Securing the said Colonies "ayyd plantations;

Mr. Speaker refiwrte'd the'Chafir. Tol‘explaining an Act, mac^e p t|ae ££th Year of the

The hard Strange rbport&i ftom tfieCdifrimitteej^rhat; 6f King diaries the Second, intituled, An Act

'they had gone 'through the BiH/^hd Vh&de TetWal for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Amendments thereunto; Which they had dis-efted "Win Trades, and for, the betteF -securing the Plantation to report, when the Ilbufe Will testitve the'Trade;'dild for'kWring and dif^lIovvHpg f^eral drap- ,

Tame. A: Uadis. on EkpiMs ’from this Kingdd^, and fedre

Ordered, That the Report be^ffedeiyfyj T^-th^rWw; ‘Uff^irally 'pifwehUhg the cjahdestine Coaveyapc^of Morning. ' k Goods' totirid from the said Colonies and Plantations,

and improving and securing the Trade bettveo?! the Ordered, That the Order of the Day; fdr the House same fetid wW committed;} the Am^nd-

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fatedts'Vyliich the Committee had raa<|e p, the Bijl i upon the Bill Forgfdntlttg to^isMajfcfty a cft'tfein^um 'dnd A^hion (fiey hid directedilijin to report to .‘pe of Moiiey out of thfe'Siwkirtg 1’uttd, for the Sferftdehf ‘Hotife; iiid' Ke’!Fead ilie Report’in his plape; and thid Year 1764; feiwifdr preventing, in certain Cidks, ' kfi'dMafqfc jdeli^red iflie Rill, wph the Amendments, the obtaining of Allowances in* rigfpeft of the’Lfe»ii|e id at'th'^ CrerlcIsTihle: WjierU^lie R^ort .^as pad* of Wines, imported Hnto Chis'Kingdom; be nOW j; ‘ And l$verai"of the Amendments made by the Chu?-

And tltedhidOfcteVdteing!iettd Uccdrdingly j . ' "dftlltde to (he laid tjill, Jieing severally Yefedof^cond

Ordered, That it be an Instructioit to the Laid Cdm- Tlhie, were, "upon the iQuefiion leuerpDy put -there-.-wiittee, that they Have Power to received Cliafcfe bf ^{ihn, agreedto by (he House. ...

Credit. .; 1 'AhdAierpftheAmfehdmentVpa^tTjfrComTOjttee

Ordered, That it be an Inftraction to the IMd CoW- To (he raid Bill being read a was, upon

'rirfttee, that thfey1 have Power tt>feCeWe aCkuffe, for ‘iifteQuciftion put thereupon,'^ ,

making forth BuhHcettes of Exchecjiier Bills," Ldtteiy 1 '‘ThdResidue bribe AmehduieF^ji^e)frtlw.Cfijq,-Tii4«ta ‘jSn«0?Mr 'ferfd mittee to the said Bill beingTeveralfy read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to1 fevertd *of litem, Agreed to by the House. - -

The postponed Amendment being again read, was,

Tickets, Certificates j Receipts,1 Annuity 0il, defs. other-Orders loft, bui'nt, or otherw^fe destroyed. --Then the House resolved itself into the fihdOortj-‘mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr-Alderman, Dkkikjbn took thfe Chair of "the Corn- with an Amendment thereto,-agreed to by the House

shiftee.

Mr. Spfeakfcr rfefumfed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dtekinjbn reported ftOln the C<Sm(-kafttee. That they "had gone through the Bill, fend made federal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hiih to repdrt, Whefi the Hotffe Will pfeaft to receive the same.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That. flie Bill, hdtb the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Hon'fe was "(rtoved,1 thW Past of (in Act, made jfle of Man. in the iath Year of the Reign of King George the

OfSoel

and

litiployracnts.

Corse Cattle Writ.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mbrFoW Eirft, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of His Morning. Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, and inland

Duties, tfdgHt be read.

Mr. Ndgdntpresented to the House, Recording to; And, she fdrrre bftn,g read ‘accordingly; /

Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have OmTtted; Resolved, Thkt ‘ah humble Addrest be presented (6 (q-qualify themfelVeK for Offices aftd Glhpldymfettt'sH His Majesty, that Hewlll be gFhdoidly pleased to give send to indfemhify J'ttftices Of the Peace, DepntyEieu- Dlrdftions, thit (here be laid before this rtpuly, at) teuasts, <«nd- rvi5a — -1- x --- 1.

hare omitted tions, within

further Tone for -those PArpofei; and to Indemwrf^ Intitufed, An Act for/iAe¥fh^rement of his Majesty’s Aletnbers and Officers Fn Cities, Corporations, and R^dntfes of‘jtbeChstoms, E'xcffe,'and inland Duties, Borough Towm, whose Admissions ha\'e been'hmrtted iis hniThSVered (he'Loyd High Ti‘6afin er, or .'the Combo be stamped according to the several A'fts df Paiba- fhlfiiondrs of tlre TrfttfifiV for (lie Time being, to treat ment notr in Force for that- ‘ stamped, have been loft or

(6 the Crbwji.

That the fa’rd A'dd ^ls'be presented t p Hiii Majesty by fych Members of this, House as are of His Majesty’s ‘most ,bolrohrablOlint'y Cdhhcil.

Purpose, or, having b£dn With tbb ProptfeFdrsWf fop the abfhrute

mislaid; ‘a«d'for allowhYg Ibirchafe, or Sale, Rfte&fe Or^drrh'hder dftbe Taid Xflp them Timeao-provide AiltnilHons duly stamped: And the same was received; and read the FirstTrm'e.

ReJbBbed, That the Bill be i*ehd a Second Tithe.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a IiurgeTs to serve in the prefen’t Par

The otfifer Orders of the ^iy belug read}

Rtj/bhfeH, That (his Hodfc udll, hpon ’thur/day

Fraudi

liamentfor the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County Mbrnhtg ne^t,' ifefdlvte ftfeff In'td \ C6nihi?U<?e of !the _ ,b-v ,-r\ ,/-. l WhbltfHouse,’ttpbn-HWetbiq^nnhiip an A<4, made

of Dorset, in the Room of the Right honourable 'George Gkolnumddley., cdnftmonly called Lord VifcoiAit Matyas, d^ceased.

5th Year of the Reimi oT' his late Majesty King \e the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the

supply Bill; American Duties.

Mr. Whateley, according to 'Order, reported from the Committee of the wholA House, to Whom the Bill for granting certain Duties in the British Coldnies fend Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual fen Act, pfell'ed in the SMh YeaV of the Reign of his late Majt-fty King George the' Seeotod, mtmrfed. An Act for encouraging the Trade of His Xto-America,; for applying th4- Produce and of the Duties to arise by virtue Of lire said Act, towards defraying the Expeqpes of pto-

Yak. %$.

in the

George-----, r....

committing of Frauds by Bankrupt’s, ana Jor obviating Ih'coinvfeniehCCT wdiffti may 'arfte id the same of Mer-ohahlts, Bfifefkers, -fehd Traders intitle'd t'o Privilege of Parliament fetid b^ftlmibg'ihfdl'vent; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches to the Counties of Ken t and E ffct.

upon the’(Ml for felThhing ^rUierTime fit imolhrfeWtis b}' D^eds fen’d'^lRs biade by Papists; and fdr Rftfft of Protestfent Pdrcha^fs.

u S Resolved,

988

i6° — 27° Martii.

A. 1,764.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider further of the Supply granted , to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider1 further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Westminster ‘ Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mora-

W

V«V:

Me

’* an4

ieans.

and Plantations, relating to the Establishtnentfof a Trade in’ the Bxvev SenegalAnd also,

Extracts of the Minutes of the Proceedings, the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, Sw t?,

1763.

Paving.

Brett’s

Estates.

Trade

in the River Senegal.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, - upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectuat Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the ^Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty, for paving, cleansing', and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanek within the City and Liberty

; of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields,

Saint George the Martyr, Saint George

that Part of the Parish of Saint V which

lies in the County , of Middlesex, the several Liberties

‘of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of; Lancaster which lies in the County, of Middlesex; and . for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 270 die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii III'" Regis, 1764.

Praters.

MR. Lotvndes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages and Hereditaments, in the . City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett, Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling another Estate, in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any. Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a New Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That, Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bice, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from Robert Wood, Esquire, dated the 10th April 1759, inclosing. Copy ofa Letter from William Pitt, Esquire, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to the Commissioners for Trade 16

j. -<

And the Titles of the said Papers.wiete Ordered, That the said Papers be referred ftothe Committee; to whopi the Petition of London, Merchant, is referred. ' '.[

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

' .1 *; *j i

Ordered, That Mr- Harborddo make, theiftcpprt from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from Efl*T the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Uses and Trlifts of several. Manors, Landk, and Hereditaments in the County of Norfol/c, settled upon and for the Benefit of William Wig get Rulxccr, and Mary his Wife; and their Issue; and for substituting and settling 9ther Estates and Hereditaments, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was committed.;>

Mr. Harbord accordingly reported from; the fetid Committee, That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Imd given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they, had di-re6led to be reported to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment'was read; and is as followed); viz.

Pr. 40. 1. *7. Leave out from '* Trust,"-to the End of Line 7. in Press 41.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ....

far

*e

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and Glnucef-ter, between William Blanch, John Roberts, Richard

Brereton, and others, and for veiling and settling the premisses to the several Uses therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; aptl that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to thdHouse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Bonner:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of George Earl of an-

Infant, to enfranchise certain customary Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of , Part of

the settled Estate of the said Earl; and also to knpower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Estate in the County of Cumberland, and to make Leases and Copyhold: Grants of the several Estates limited and devised to-them, respectively, by Charles Earl of Egremont, their late Father, deceased; and for other the Purposes there-) in mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concur-; rence.of this House.

And then the Messengera withdrew*.;

.: . Lord

HortocH I Efata.

Earl of Ei;rem«ot

Lci%

4 Geo. III. i f. Marta.

Knardbowigh Lord John Cavendish imported from the Committee, Waterworks. wh0m the BiH for the better supplying the Town of*

Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scrt-ven with T&ntergate, adjoining upon the said Town, with Water, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him.to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and fdterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whete the Amendments were once r^ad throughout); and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the- Question foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ' ' ' 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vork An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road *°. from the City of York to the Town of Beverley, in the Fast Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3.I. 12. after " Lillingstonf to insert, " Savage Lloydr '

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question " pnt thereupon, agreed to by the tjonfey and the Bill

was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Tufshell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

faestminster Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the Committee PavioS- of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of ITis present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint I: Giles in the Fields, Saint the Martyr, Saint George

n Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's

Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lanc which lies in the County; / of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein;

j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause or j. Clauses, to authorize the carrying, in the same Cart or

Carriage, in London and Westminster, or within Ten Miles

thereof any Quantity of Coals, not exceeding One Chaldron and the Ingrain belonging thereto.

Sp*Uing An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the T6S» Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Doning/on-, and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the

Parish of Gojbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the :' Parish of Wigtoft; in the county of ; was read

the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' >be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in -

" ton; and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gofbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of -* Wigtroft; in the County of Lincoln,

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the

3ill to the Lords, and desire their Coneurrence.

: Kirkby An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy . -in Kendal Ttacovery of Small Debts within the Town and Parish -HttlLDebt*. Kirkbyin Kendal, in the County of

J- was read the Third Timei rVot. *9.

The Amendments following were severally propbi-fed to be made to the Bill; viz. ' ’

Pr. 2. L 1. to leave out " Joseph Und. jd-

‘ -fort " Gilbert Crackenthorpe" itfstead thereof.

1, 37. 38: to leave out, wAs the said

" Court of Requests happen to be held." r "

And the said Amendments were, tipori the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hohfe; and the Bill’was amended at the Table Accordingly.

ReJ'olted, That the Bill do pals.: And that the Title -be, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of 1; Then the Blank left'ire the Bilf (for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.-

Ordered, That Mr. Upton do carry :the Bill to the Lords; and.desire their CondUnrenbe.

' Mr. Tnckerreported from, the Cdmrtrittee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill' from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Eiiate, late of Edmund Hungate B$ag-han, Esquire, deceased', in the Coonties ot Kent and iSu/fex, in Trustees, in Trust to fall and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann, Esquire, or as he

shall appoint, pursuant to au Agreement for that Purpose; and so- applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of George Edmuiid Beaghan his ionly Son and Heir, an Infant; :was committed; That the Committee had examined'tliei Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bills to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had.directed him to; report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to thd Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and -cliffe Fort, in Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Fort, in Dover through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Spencer to make Leases of the Manor of Batierfca and WandJ'worlh, and of Lands and Grounds in BatterJ'ea and W, in the County of Surrey, purchased in pursuance of the Will of the Moll noble Sarah late Duchess Dowager of borough, iu order for building upon and improving

1}

BeaghanV Estate;

Dover'

to

Barham

Dow nr Road/

SpenctrV

Estates.'

99°

zy* M

.iitfoljfo-

the fame, was committed, That the Committee liad Fund to 3>ay an additional CJlfcrk ift) the-Gflicp of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found this the AcComptant General, of the fuidfCpm f, il90fy~ same to be true; and that the Parties conderned had initted.

'given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction The f&id Account is for^fefved Rang'd the

of the Committee; and that the.Committee had di- other Papers of this Session.

re&ed Him to report the Bill to t}ie House, without

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iijqtefijig *r Clerk’s Table. Waste Ground, called ithe Afar/I?, in the< Townijiip

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. of Newport, in the County of Salop-, and apjdyiag

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the Produce thereof to the several Pprgofos therm

Ordered, That Sic:Francis Vincent do carry the mentioned; was r^d the Third Time.

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Resolved, That the BrM do pass: And that

rW'A*- I

h,*n t

Newport

liiciolwe,

k*r '>r*

Aceomrt;

Money

belonging

to

Suitors of

Chantery.

The House being informed, that Air. Smith, from duce thereof to the several Purposes therein m<!$-the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- tioned. t y 4V

land* attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill toil#

the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Order, j '

An Account of the annual Balances oFfhe dead The House being informed that Mr. Ibbetfcn, Se-Cash and Securities in the Bank of England, belong- cretary to the Commissioners of Grceu^vick Hospitari, ing to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from attended at the Door; he was called jn; and, ut the the Year 1739, to the 23d March 1764, inclusive; Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Dircc-distinguishing the dead Cash from the Securities in tionsofan Act of Parliament,

each Year. The Report of the Commissioners or Qovernotp of

And then he withdrew. the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, of

And the Title of the said Account was read. what Xlo«ey has been received from the f)?Ment-

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the water Estate, between the id of December ijbij and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 30th of November 1763; and of their. Proceeding* ia to impower the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, the Building, or the Commissioners of Great Seal for the Time And then he withdrew.

GrfBwick

HtytL

- I

being, to lay out so much of the dead Stock in the And the Titles of the said Report was read.

Bank of England, of the Money of Suitors in the The said Report is as fpHoweth; tiiz.

Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient to raise a

tv

4 v- \

.; 7 vr

» «-

ifrf&i vi:t;>n. c:ty V

.< f': :. '

tlE tu

oil. . A’ r*a:-p;

’ll /v ,.

7s - 1 ( . i -

id ».

. . k;

.i 1. .1. ;?c-/ ' *:

< U-r-

V, TZiX ‘id* 'Z+trX'

t

I 1 ► ,

V7VT

’* WXV

Cl

.V

. l| *T' I’

. .,) \,) ' H'lfiet) rd:

..... A . i

y !L I*

*?' nA

t A \u CVi-'V

- Of: 1 iU , . '* h

; ob tl:ti edf s .4 F >»..VwA«i - 1: t. J| erhia w i ! A »j /

I r .< r 1; ' . iu

iJhmcO ' '* ti’ ,.oJ t dl , Vr#T

itt< y

><;? y .1 irt teTioSjnt cA

k/

. 'h

.OOC

J

4 Geo. III. 270 M 991

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’3 Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the . " Attainders of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles ,"

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plait laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly Report, as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer between the ill of December 176a, and 30th of November 1763, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On Account of the annual Rents - -....

On Account of the Lead Mines - ....

As to their Proceedings in the Building,

The fitting up Cabins for 31 Pensioners and 2 Nurses in the upper Story of Queen Maiy's Building, and finishing Cabins for 170 Pensioners in the Attic and Mezanine Stories of the same Building; taking down a decayed temporary Stair-case in King William's Building, and putting in Floors, and fitting up Cabins for 32 Pensioners, in the same Space, amounts to the Sum of -

The keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Roads, Drains, Water-pipes, Brewing Vessels, and other Works for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of.....-

Note,

There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the 1 ft of December 1762, and 30th of November 1763, on Account of Repairs, the Sum of -

1

7*549 7 *k:

4,950 12 104.

12,500 o o

564 9

d.

9

1,725 12 7

2,290 2 4

£ s. d.

69410

Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenivich,23d March 1764.

By Order of the Commissioners,

John , Seer.

African

Company.

Infants’ Eftatt* in the Dutchy of Lancaster, &c.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ricepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for veiling the Fort of and its

Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa:. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Strange, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Infants who are feifed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Dutchy of L.ai\caj\er, or the Cou111ies Palatine of Chefer, Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of , in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person or Persons in Trull, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order. of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of , of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Vol. 29.

Court of the County Palatine of , of the

Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow’s, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

.The Amendments following were severally propo-. fed to be made to the Bill;

u T Pr.

Newnbam

Inclosure.

99i

z 7" Marta.

A. i

" in over and tipon," " cross " instead there-

Pr. 16. 1. 35- to leave out and insert of.

1. 37. to leave out from " until " to *thereto, " in Pr. 17. 1. 5. and insert H five and except that the Owner or Owners of such Free* " board or Freeboards, shall at all " Tidies hereafter have and enjoy all such Ways and Paflh-tfges. Eight, Title, asid Proper* " ty, as he and they have licretofore enjoyed, or of Right " ought to enjoy, of, in, or to the " said Freeboard or Freeboards," instead thereof And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic aocortfing-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Cemtnon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of in the Coun*

ty of Northampton.

several of them were disagreed to, and die' agreed to by the House; and several A# were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amen iugrofl’ed.

1

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer House, by his Majesty’s Command, ir>

A Paper, intituled, " Protocol, ai and Trauflatiou. t:

And the lilies of the said Paper and TrcatWlion, were read,

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session; and the stud Trunllatioa is as followeth; viz.

PROTOCOL.

The Sieur /M, Ministerof Ilefjc, having very strongly solicited the King of Great Britain, that Hewonld w* pleased to grant to the Moti Serene Lniidgravte, ilis Mailer, agreeably to what had been done in consequence of the Separate Article of the Treaty between Mis Majesty and his said Mod Serene Highness, of the ill April 1760, a reasonable Succour to a Hi ft him on the

Si*

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Ijhamdo carry the Bill One Side, to repair the Damages done to his ltefidence

to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Edinburgh Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Commit-Roadj. tee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual Two several Aims, passed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Reign 01 his late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of 'Jluecnsferry, in the County of Linlithgow,' was" committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Hace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ami the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. 4. 1. 3. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question (eve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Fo. 4. 1. 3. being the List of Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Words, " t he Master of the Merchant Company of the City of be iu-

l’erted in the (hid Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Words, " The Treasurer of George

Hn-riot's Hospital, for the Time being," be inferred in the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Words, " the Treasurer of George " Watson's Hospital, for the Time being," be insert-< d in the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative,

And a Motion being njade, and the Question being put. That the Words, " the Treasurer of Trinity " llolpital, for the Time being," be inserted in the said I ill;

It passed in the Negative.

TSicnthe subsequent Amendments made by the Com-

of CaJJH, and to his other Fortresses, by the Sieges which they have sustained; And, on the other Side, to relieve the Wants of several Thousands of his Subjects, who are undone by the Invasion of the French, and by the Marches, Countermarches, and long Abode of the respective Armies during the Two last Campaigns. And his Majesty having been pleased to give tb)6 Prince a further Mark of his Good Will and Friendship, by complying with what had been prac- tiled in consequence of the aforesaid Separate Article, with regard to the Campaign of the Year 1760; it has therefore been proposed, That, in Total Ex-l,in6feion of all Demands and Pretentions whatsoever, which his Mod Serene High nets can, or might form upon tire King, under the Title of Reasonable Succour, or otherwise. on Account of what he or his Country may have fullered in any Manner wtmtfoover, by Reason of the War, His Majesty would, with the Content of His Parliament, i’upply this Prince with the Sum of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling; payable in the Manner following: 'Hint is to say. The L'iri’t Fifty Thousand Pounds, immediately after the Parliament shall have voted the fame: The Second Fifty Thousand Pounds in t.ieCoudeof the Year 17(15; and the lad, to complete the total uni of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, aforesaid, in that of the Year 176(1.

The said Sieur Alt, Minister of Ileffe, on his Side,

contents to the Proposal made on the Part of His liri- , tannic Majesty, by accepting, in the Name of the Moll Serene Landgrave, his Mailer, the aforesaid Sum, payable at the Terms above lpeeified, hi total Extinction of all Demands and Pretentions whatsoever, which his Most Serene Ilighncfs can or might form upon the King, under any Title whatsoever, excepting fuel) as shall appear to be justly due upon Contracts which may . have been made by Porfons duly authorized for that Purjjofe.

In Witness whereof, we have signed the present Protocol, and have caused the Seal of our Anns to be aflixed thereunto.

Done at London, the 21ft. Day of March 1764.

(L. S.) Sandwich. (L. S.) Alt. Ordered, That the said Paper and Trauflatiou do lie

fijf

It

u

JU

id

wh

Fi

fd

Ch

Hi

wittee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the 'lime; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, House.

Ordered,

Forgery of Powtrfr to transfer Stock.

importation

of

Provision*

from

Ireland.

A Motion made and withdrawn;

French '* Prisoners*

Clandestine

Marriages.

" Mipply B I. i j / Duties on

: Bc*ver.

4 Geo. III. ° Mat99$

Ordered,'iThat it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen imported into England, from Chrifmasi 749 to s'

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or 1763; distinguishitvg each Year; be referred to the Bills, pursuunt to the Kesolution which, upon the 9th said Committee.

Day of Februar y lull, was reported from the Com- Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Hats inittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred exported from England, from 1764 to -

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising farmer 1763, be referred to the said Committee, the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then Ordered, That the Account of Beaver Skins ex-agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision ported to Ireland, from 1749 to Christmas

in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for more 1763; distmgnishing each Year; be referred to the effectnaHy preventing the forging Powers to transfer said Committee.

any Stock, or receive any Dividend or Annuity, Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-established by, or payable in pursuance of any Act of mittee.

Parliament, and the fraudulent personating the Owners Mr. Speaker left the Chair, thereof. Mr. litre took the Chair of the Cofhmitte6i

Mr. Coventrypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recife of Parliament, in such Manner as the Neeeflity of the Time may require, and as He in His Wisdom |hal| think convenient and needful: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire His Majesty, that He would be gracioutly pleased to inform this House, whether,o r how far, the Stipulations in the Third Article of the Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris the 1 oth Day of April 1763, relating to the Subsistenceand Maintenance of French Prisoners, during the late War, have been carried into Execution

The said Motion was, by Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

The Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reipi of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clnndestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches, or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arilen or may arise concerning the Validity of certain Marriages folemuifbd in that Part of Great liritaih called Scotland, or beyond the seas; was, according to Order, read & Second Time.

Re/itived, That the Bill be Committed.

llefolved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor repealingthcDuties now payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins, and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on' the Exportation of such Skins;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Beaver Wool exported from England, from 1739 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Year,

and the Places to which exported; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Beaver Skins imported into and exported from England, from Chrffimas 1749 to Chrijimus 1763; with the Amount of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks allowed thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Coney Skins, Rabbit Skins, Hare Skins, and Coney Wool Vor.. 29.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Account} a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Money impower the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or the belonging Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the 'lime being, scha'err to lay out so much of the dead Stock in the Bauk ot ° " } ’

England, of the Money of Suitors in the Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient to raise a Fund to pay an additional Clerk in the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Wilbrahafn Bootle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IVilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Diofcinfon, according to Order, re* Supply Bill; ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Siuking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1764; and for preventing, in certain Cafes,- the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s-Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Westminster ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Paving. House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles

the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloom Jit ary, that Part of the Parish of Saint Hothourn, which lies in ihe County of Middlesex, th

several

994

Several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances there-

in; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28* die Mar tit;

Anno 4* Georgii III111 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

Ado? A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

2 70 — 28* Martii.

Efcremotit'

Leafing,

Resolved, That the Bill, with they pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IIarborddo*carrying

Lords, and acquaint them, that this Houfdhjl to the fame, with an Amendment; to wViicp, ment this House doth desire the Concurrence Lordships.

1 iI »1

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief anijl Egydoy-ment of the Poor in the Hyndred of Bq/mavjuid, Claydon, in the County of Suffolk, was read' ftifiBTiupJ Time. . '

Resolved, That the Dill do pass: And that, lh4$$e be, An Act for the better Relief and Employn^epjtpl the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and in

the County of Suffolk, .....,

Ordered, That the Lord Orwell do carry tie Bjjljty the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.: .,i:\

iTlo iuwIM,

A Bill for the Encouragement of the in the Gulph and River of Saint' /.aureate,'and On’tbt wia*

Bofram

and

Cljydoi

Poor.

to impower the Guardians of George Earl of Egremont, an Infant, to enfranchise certain customary Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cumberland, Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies in Amefkdrvm rtSA Part of the settled Estate of the said Earl; and also to Second Time.

Fishm.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mercers’

Company,

impower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Estate in the County of Cumberland, and to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of the several Estates limited and deviled to them respectively by Charles Earl of Egre-inont, their late Father, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-

. ~ , ,..., . ' ,r . , _ ment of the Poor in the Hundred*, of Loddon and

An mgrossed Bill to impower the Wardens and Com- Clavering in the County of Norfolk-, was read the monalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of Third Time

Lmdon, to apply certain Sums of Money now in their That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Hands, or due to them for Arrears of Rent; and also, be, An Act for ^e better Relief and Employment of all Monies which may hereafter arise from their the Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in

Loddon ti I Chverir j 1 Four.

annual Income and Estates, after Payment of their the County of several Annuities and other Sums charged and to be charged thereon, towards Payment of the other Creditors of the said Wardens and Commonalty; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Cre-

Ordered, That Mr. do carry

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Bill to

tot

s

An ingrossed Bill for continuing certain Laws there- 5^ j in mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the SailCttJ

ditors of the Wardens and Commonalty; of the Myf- ^u*'es payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the AI-

m A V % I W-V M M A A. 1j a 4 A A X D a.. > / a /fa J W,

fa.

L^eY'ie’*

Estates.

Bullwer’s E dates

'tery of Mercers of the City of London

Ordered, That Mr. Clift do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for divesting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Matthew Dowdall, a Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his Three Grandsons, without Issue Male, and for reding the same in Anthony Ladeveze, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, a Pro-tellant, and his Heirs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Alaltheiv Dowdall, a Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his Three Grandsons, without issue Male, and for veiling the same in Anthony Ladeveze, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, a Protellant, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire theii Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Uses and Trusts of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, settled upon and for the Benefit of W,iggett

Bullwer, and Mary his Wife, and their Issue; and for substituting and settling other Estates and Heredita-

lowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the british Colonies in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth: and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of up the

River of Thames and Medway, relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before the Duties of Excite are paid thereon; and to the further Puniftnnent of Persons going armed or difgtiifed, in Defiance of the Laws and Customs or Ex-cife,’ and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs, Informations upon Seizures; and for

Lta) re1onn*«| Pilots, 1.1

in

granting a

Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great nients in Ihe fume County, of greater Value, in lieu Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for pu* thereof, to the like Uses; was read the Third niffiing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Time, Flood-gates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to

. la Rivers

4 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

995

Rivers And Streams made navigable by Act of Parlia-liament; was read the Third Tune.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

I. 25. to leave out "Sluices" and insert " Streams" intlead thereof.

IV. 5.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mu near Leiees, and other Roads in Suffix, to the Road leading from the North End of Of In mi, to the SjYttul Burn in

Mailing b'rtet, ne«r Lpwcs, Road.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Qtteftion aforesaid, without any Amendment: And alii).

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olvcJ, That the Bill do pat's: And t hat the Title be, An Act to continue several laws, for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and

The Lords have agreed to the Till, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields and Commonable Places of Sharnford, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Vefl’cls troni Dover, Deal, and Hie of Thunet, up the Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Rivers ot Thames and Medioay, relating to the lauding Fields,* Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and

of Rum or Spirits of the Brili/hSugar Plantations, other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish before the Duties of Excite are paid thereon; and to of in the County of , without any

the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dif- Amendment: And also,

Shinism.!

lllClOlLfC.

Foihcrby

ladolurc.

guised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs, Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a

in

Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in Whetjlone,

Whet (lone In do lure.

or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colo- in the County' of Leicester, without any Amendment;

Whale

Viflwry.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, &c.

rues, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or detlroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order/a Bill for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of thg Whale, Fishery, carried on byr His Majesty’s Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1764; and for preventing, in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances, in Respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kindom; was read the Third Time.

Derby

Roads.

I edbury Roads.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Su rname and Arms of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased, without any Amendment,

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Alric, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Weller, Esquire, with Charlotte Wiljbn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Carter1!

Nam«.

Alric'*

Nat.

Pohtmann’s

Nat.

Weller's

Divorce.

Supplying

Chapcesy.

41, , _ , Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, according to Order, reported rr . 0

Resolveedy That the Bill do pats: And that the Title from Committee of the whole House, to tinhorn the an additional be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum 3x\\ to unpower the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, t of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of or Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the ljuie Accomptant the \ear 1764 ? an<^ *or l>reyenting, in certain Cafes, being5 to lay out so much of the dead Stock in the General of the obtaining ot Allowances, in respect of the Leakage 3ank Qf England,- of the Money of Suitors in the of W '"ps m»p°rted into this kingdom;.and for making Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient to raise aFuOd forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, hekets, Cert.fi- to an Additional Clerk in the Office of the Ac cates, Receipts Annuity Orders, and other Orders, 'ant General of the said Court, was committed,

loll, burnt, or otherwise deliioyed. the Amendments which the Committee had made to

Ordered, That ^lr. JenhmJon do carry the Bill to the the j}j||. and w i,jc|j they had directedhim to report to

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. f|ie House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

Houghton

I*clolurc.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields and lugs within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marsh, otherwise Holton in the Clan, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County; and several

other Roads therein mentioned; without an Amendment: And also,

'l'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms of and amending the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from in die

County of Hereford ;and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of in the County of Gluucc/lcr, and through Corse Lawn, fill it meets the Road from Gloucesterto without any Amendment: And also.

You. 29.

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,.to of consider of a proper Encouragement for the Importa- Hemp, &c. tion of Hemp and Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in

A meric a.

A Message from the lairds, by Mr. Bonner and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. S|>eaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made golwer»s by this Hpufe to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dif- EiUte* charging the Uses and Trufis of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, settled upon and for the Benefit of William and Mary his Wife, and their Issue; and for substituting

11 U and

99^ 18 0 Martii . 1764.

and settling other Estates and Hereditaments, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Answer Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that Address Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would

for be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Ac-Account. count therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Affidavits Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, for ,n jj* taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in Durham. any of Courts of the County Palatine of Durham: And that Mr. Vane, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Sha/toe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Clerk Assistant Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That John Hat-of Abfcuce Esquire, Clerk Assistant, desired Leave to be absent for a few Days, upon particular Business.

A Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of

His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Kt cel's Qf° fojf* Parliament, in such Manner as the Necessity of the ircUi Time may require, and as He, in His Wisdom shall think convenient and needful, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Frederick presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Amount of the Interest upon Famud the Principal Sums adjudged to be the Value of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent, Sitffex, and Southampton, upon which Forts and Batteries have been erected, from the 29th of September 17^9, to the 24th of June 176a.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folio wet h; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Interest upon the several Principal Sums adjudged and decreed, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to he the Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, upon which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coafis, and for Damages done to the Lands adjacent; from the 29th Day of September 1759, the Time the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, to the 24th Day of June 1764, after the Rate of Four Pounds for every Hundred Pounds by the Year; viz.

Upon the Principal Sum of £.90. being the adjudged Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Kent -

Upon the Principal Sum of £.154 10. being the adjudged Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and for Damages done the Lands adjoining; in the County of Sussex -....

Upon the Principal Sum of £. 301. 5. being the adjudged Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Southampton -

Total - - £.

Office of Ordnance,

27 March 1764.

£. s. d. 17 2 —

29 7 -‘I

57 4 9 103 *3 9i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

High Price Mr. Tozonshend reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the present high

rovi 10ns. prjce provisions9 and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followTeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 16

That upon the Evidence given of the present Price of Wheat at the Markets in London, and in the several Counties, of the Quantities supposed to be in the kingdom, and of the further Expectation of Demands from Abroad, there is no Neceftity, at this Juncture, either to lessen the Bounty on Exportation, or to prohibit the Exportation itself.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arras attending this The S House do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham-

ber, m

vaOC

Abuses in the Pod Office.

4 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 997

ben, and summon the Members there to attend the Account of Newspapers, the whole Deduction to be Service of the House. allowed for that Article will not amount to 30,000

And lie went accordingly. Annum; and, upon that Supposition, the Sum of

And being returned; 110,000. will remain chargeable to the Account of

Mr. Dqfonreported from the Committee appointed Franked Letters only from the London Office,

to inquire into the several Frauds and Abuses in rela- The Committee likewise procured an Account to be tion to the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels taken of Newspapers franked from London for One free from the Duty of Postage; and to consider of the Week, from the 6th to the 13th of March 1764; most proper Methods of preventing the fame; and to which is hereunto annexed, N° 3. And if it be report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, supposed that the same Number of Newspapers are to the House; That the Committee had considered the sent in each Week throughout the whole Year, the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Re- Amount of the Newspapers franked by Members of solutions; which they had directed him to report to the Parliament and Public Offices, besides those of the Poll: House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- Office, which are not included in the Amount of De-terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where duel ions lor Franks, would amount to £. 40,000. per the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.Ann. — which Sum, however, in order to shew the The Committee for their better Direction in the present Amount of the Franked Letters, should have Prosecution of this Inquiry, thought it proper to begin been deducted, not from the gross Amount for the Year with a careful Examination of all such Proceedings of 1762, which is only £. 140,000 but from the Amount the House as they could find upon the Journals, re- of the present Year which cannot yet be stated. At lative to this Subject, particularly of the several Ilefo- any rate, your Committee conceive, that the Amount lutions and Orders of the House of the 9th of September of Franked Letters and Packets only, at the London 1715, and of the Report from the Committee appointed, Office, exclusive of Newspapers, cannot be less th^n in the Year 1734, to consider of the King’s Warrant for £ 100,000 per Annum.

permitting Letters to pass free from the Duty of Pof- That so prodigious and disproportionate an Increase tage; together with the Resolutions then passed by the of Franks could not have happened without the In-House; which, at the same Time that they were cal- tervention of various fraudulent and unwarrantable eulated for preferring the Privilege of the House, were Practices, your Committee are fully convinced, declared to be also intended to guprd the Revenue And although they have not yet been able to carry against any unlawful Diminution. their Inquiries far enough, to detect, and lay before the

I11 order, in the next Place, to judge how far those, House, a complete and adequate Account of all the or any other Regulations hitherto introduced, have Frauds and Abuses which may have contributed there-been effectual for the Security of the Revenue, your to; yet such of those Frauds and Abuses as are al-Committee proceeded to examine the Account re- ready sufficiently discovered, and' afeertairied, to admit fin ed to them by the Order of the House, " of the of a speedy and effectual Redress, they have thought " gross Produce of the General Inland Postage of it their Duty to lay immediately before the House.

" Great Britain and Ireland-, together with an Account And of these the most scandalous in itself, as well as " of the Deductions for Inland Franked Letters in the most fatal to the public Revenue, if it he not im Great Britain and Ireland-, from the Year 1715 to mediately rellrained, is the Practice of counterfeiting " the Year 1763; distinguishing each Year." the Hand of Members of Parliament, in franking Let-

Anil by the said Account it appears, that the total ters; to what an excessive Height this Practice has of Deduction for Inland Franked Letters, which, for the late been carried, has in some measure alreadyappeared Year 1714, amounted only to £. 23,812 x 1 s. to d.and to the House: The Committee will therefore only add, for the Year 1734, to £.49,776 6 s. 7 if. did, for the upon this Part of the Subject, that in the further Ex-Year 1762,amount to no lei's than £. 170,727 1 6s.6d. am ination into those Practices, itappeared to the Copland that the Increase made in the Deduction for Franks, mittee, that One Man had, in the Course of Five during the Years 1761 and 1762, is nearly equal to their Months, counterfeited 1,200 Dozen of Franks of Mem-Iucrrease during the whole Term of Twenty Years, from hers of Parliament; and that a regular Trade of buy-- x 714 to 1734. ing and felling Franks had been actually established

Your Committee, in the next Place, in order to judge with several Persons in the Country: That a List was how far this amazing Increase of Franks could be ac- produced to the Committee, by Mr. Todd, Secretary to counted for them auy general Increase of the Corref- the Poll Office, of the Names of 27 Members of this ponder.ee by letters, called for an Account of the House, and of several Members of the other House of gross Produce in the particular Years above mentioned Parliament, which had been counterfeited in the Course of such Letters as paid Postage; which Account is of this Session of Parliament; and that the Method of hereunto annexed, and marked N° t. counterfeiting the Names of Members upon Franks,

And by this Account it appears, that while the Pro- as explained by One of the Persons, who had been conduce of the Pay Letters has, in the Space of Fifty cerued therein, appeared so easy to be practised, and so Years, increased only in the Proportion of One to One likely to succeed, as to render it very improbable that and an Half, the Amount of the Franks is now Seven- the Practice could ever be prevented, while the prefold what it was in the Year 1714. — And while the lent Method of Franking by Members shall continue, to Franks have, in the Two last Years, increased nearly as be used.

much as they formerly did in the Space of Twenty Another Fraud pratlifed for the conveying of Let-Years, the Pay letters in the Two hilt Years have ters free from Poltage, your Committee found to be, not produced so much as they did in the Two Years by directing Letters to Members of Parliament, at inx mediately preceding. Places where such Members never came to receive them.

But as Part of this very extraordinary Increase in the but where they were taken up by other Persons, with-Amount of Franks might probably be owing to an out the Knowledge of such Members. This Liberty, increased Circulation of Newspapers, your Committee the Officers of the PoftOflice informed your Commit-called for an Account of the Difference between the tee, that they apprehended had been taken, of direct-Amount of the Franks, Inwards and Outwards, at the ing Letters to Members, at a Number of different London Office, for the Three last Years mentioned in Places at the same Time, without their Leave; but that the gross Produce of the Inland Postage; which Ac- for fear of giving Offence to the Members, it was count is hereunto annexed, N° 4. And if it may be found difficult to make the Discovery: And several preiutned that the Difference between the Amount of Members of the House being present, did inform your the Franks from and to London, is to be placed to the Committee, that such Practices had been attempted Yui,. 29. with

a8° Martii. 1764.

Abuse» in the Poll Office.

with respect to them (elves, by Persons unknown to them.

Your Committee in the next Place proceeded to inquire into the State of Franking, as oxercifed by the several Persons who have enjoyed the fame, in respetf of their Offices; and with that View, called for an Account of all the Persons who are at present allowed to fend or receive Vetters or Packets free from Portage: "Which Account is annexed, N°.p

And upon which your Committee observe, that the Allowance of sending and receiving letters free in respect of Offices, has been extended to a great Number of Persons, befi'ies those enumerated in the War-rents usually granted by the Crown, for permitting Letters to pass free of Portage.

And your Committee, for their better Information, as to the Maimer in which the Franking of Letters, by the several Persons mentioned in the said Account, is exercised, and the Extent to which it is carried on, examined Mr. Ma/callthe Inspector of the Franks at the Port Office, who informed them, " That the Letters and Packets from the Ofliee of oath of the Secretaries of St ate, are brought to tly Port Ofliee in " Bags fouled up; that in those Bags are included Newspapers Pranked by the Clerks in the Offices of the " Secretaries ol State; that those Clerks Flank in their " own Names; that they are also allowed to Frank " Letters about their own private Concerns; but that " of such Letters, they were required to write the " whole Superfeription."

And being asked, What Cheque there was upon them, to prevent their Franking the Letters of other People? He said, "That if the Superfeription vvaswritten by a different Hand, or if they appeared tocontain Inclosures, lie made it a Rule to charge them; " but that Angle Letters directed by them to whatever Extent, are allowed to pass free." He also said, " That there nlight be Letters put up with the NewsPapers."

He also informed the Committee, "That from the " War Office, and the Admiralty Office, the Letters " and Packets are brought in like manner, in a sealed Bag; but that the Clerks in those Offices Frank only " by letting the Names of the Secretary at War, and " Secretary to the Admiralty, respectively: That they " are not imderfiood to have the Allowance of Franking Newspapers; but that as to single L tters, " about their own private Concerns, there is no other " Cheque upon them, than upon the Clerks in the " Office of ti:e Secretaries of State."

With respect to the Franking, or receiving Letters free, by the: Offices of the Port Office, Mr. Todd, Secretary to the Pofiniaftor General, inlomied yonr Commit-tcc, "That all the established Officers under the l'oftmaster General, Frank and receive free Letters relating to the Bttfmeis of the Office, and to their own " private Concerns. — That the Polbnaflers in the Country are allowed to Frank and to receive free " One hug!' Letter, by een h Poll."

" 'I'hat the Six Clerks of the Roads are also allowed " to Frank Newspapers from the London Office."

" That the Newspapers franked by them are not " included in any of the Accounts of Deductions, in " respect of Franks: That the Profit arising from their " Franking Newspapers, may amount to £.3,000,

" or £..poooo per Innum, and that a confidenible Allow Alice is made 1 hereout to the Comptroller, Deputy Comptroller, Rye Night Clerk, and Six Aflifhuifs:

" All of wluhn, as well as the Six Clerks of the Roads,

" would, without such Advantage, be very insufficiently provided for."

" That with respect to the Franking of Letters for " other People, by the Officers of the Poll Office, he " does not believe, that any considerable Abuse of that " fort can liave" been carried on, the (irictefl Injunelio is b to the contrary having been coullantly given by the '9

" Postmafier General, and the Facility of discovering " and chequing any such Abuse in their own immediate " Officers being so much greater than it can be with " respect to any other Persons whatsoever."

And your Committee having obl’emd, that in the Account of Franks at the Dublin Office, the Amount of the Franks for the Year 17(11, during Part of which Y’ear the Privilege of Franking by Members of the Irish Parliament was out, is £. 15,000 Ids than lor the Year 1761, when Privilege continued throughtout-the whole Year: And being desirous of seeing what Effect lb great an Abatement in the Article of Franking had upon the actual Produce of the Revenue of that Ofliee, called for an Account of the grol’s Produce of the Inland Portage, and Charge of Management, Incidents, and all Deductions in the Port Ofliee of Ireland, for the Years ending at l.adyDay 1762 and 1763, which is hereunto annexed, N° 5. By which it appears, that when the Amount of the Franks was lessened by the Sum of £.15,000, the Produce of the Revenue was ir.-crealed by above Half that Sum. — And having thereupon called for an Account of the gross Produce of Inland Portage, Charges of Management, Incidents, ai d all Deductions- in the Port Office of Ireland for the Eight Years preceding, which is hereunto annexed N® 6; they find by the said Account, that in every Year during tl»at Period, when Privilege w as out, as the Number oi Franks w as of Course lessened, so the Revenue of the Office was confiantly indented beyond what it amounted to in the intermediate Years.

LTpon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Rejblvcd, That it appears to this Committee, That the Practice of Counterfeiting the Hands of Members of this House upon Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Pofiage, is become extremely frequent and notorious.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the buying and selling of Covers for Letters, commonly called Franks, signed with the Names Members of this House, is also become frequent, and is openly practised.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Practice of directing Letters to Members of this House, at other Places than the Places of their usual Residence, or where they actually are at the Time, in order to convey Letters to other Persons free from the Duty of Portage, is also become extremely frequent.

Rejblvcd, 'Flint it appears to this Committee, That under Colour of t he special Privilege or Allowance belonging or granted to, or e.xercifed by certain Persons, not being Members of either House of the Parliament of Great Britain, of tending and receiving the ir

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage, great Numbers of Letters and Packets, which ought to be charged, do escape being charged with the Dufy of Portage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That by the continued increase of these and the like Frauds and Abuses, the Revenue of the Port Office hath been greatly defrauded, and if a speedy and effectual Stop be not put thereto, is likely to suffer rti further Loss.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the niort effectual Method of preventing a Practice so derogatory to the Honour this House, and at the same Time so injurious to the Public Revenue, as the Counterfeiting the Hands of Members of this House, in order to avoid Payment the Duty of Portage, would be, that no ’Member of this House should Frank any Letter, unless the w-hole Superfcrip-tion be of his own Hand-writing, except such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Sews Papers as shall be lent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides.

4 Geo. III. 28* Martii.

999

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for preventing Abuses in relation to the directing of Letters to Members of this House, the Privilege of receiving such Letters free of the Duty of Pottage, iliould be confined to Letters directed to such Members at One of the qfual Places of their Residence, or where they actually are at the Time.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Allowance of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free of the Duty of Pottage, heretofore granted to or customarily enjoyed by certain Persons in respect of their Offices, has not been sufficiently confined’ to such Letters and Packets only, as should relate to the Business of their respective Offices.

Refllved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Allowance in respect of Offices ought not to be coutinued, without some further Restrictions and Limitations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Counterfeiting of the Hand-writing of any Person in the Superscription of apy Letter or Packet, in order thereby to defraud the Revenue of the Pott Office, be made more penal.

Rq/blssd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That* for a further Discouragement to the Practice of Counterfeiting the Hands of Members of this House, the buying or selling of Franks signed with the Names of Members of thi&House, should be declared a Breach of the privilege of this House.

Abufa

in 1 he foil Oflifi*.

s

— (N°1.) —

CALCULATION upon FRANKING.

Years en<)ing at La/fy Day. Gross Aipoqnt of General Inland Portage in Great Britain and Ireland* ix-ut - Amount of General Inland fr^nkedljtxxm in Qre^t Britain and Ireland\ Gross Produce of General inland Pay Litters in Great Britain and Ireland. Proportion between D°.

r *7*5 145,20° 23,600 121,800 above 4-

1733 175,20° 44,800 130,400 above 4-

1735 185,500 49,70° 135,800 above , V

1740 199,600 66,700 132,900 above i

1745 198,200 53.900 144,300 nearly ,*r

*75° a33.fr*> 87,600 146,000 above *r

1755 249,100 97,700 151,400 nearly y

1760 327*5oQ ?43.7°° 183,800 nearly -v

1761 331,700 137.900 103,800 nearly {

1762 353*500 169,600 183,900 above f

1763 35 7>200 t 170,700 N. B. Computed by Iftifit, not by Tale. 186,500 N. B. To be deduced Rtbates, for return-ad Dead and ares-charged Letters. nearly 1}

W. B. These Rebates in the Year 1763, amounted to upwards of £. 4,100, which Deduction brings the Estimate, still too favourable, of Franked Letters, compared with the Produce of Pay Letters for the Year 1763, nearly to the Proportion of 17to 18-

N. B. In Fifty Years Franks have increased from 1 to 7, whijtt in D° Pay Letters have increased but from 2 to 3; or, in other Words, Franks have increased 700 per Cent, whilst Pay Letters have increased but 50 per Cent.

— (N°2.) —

FREE LETTERS Outwards and Inwards, as near as can be computed.

In 1761. 1763.

prom Jajmindufive, f Outwards - 40,500 43,4°P 43,609

To July indufive, 4

Free Letters, ' (. . Inwards 26,300 28,600 27,39°

From July inclnfive, ( ‘ Outwards - 35»500 4i,aoo 41^09

To January indufive, 4 1

Free Letters, . Inwards CT> O O 28,200

I f Outwards - 76,000 84,600 89.200

Total

i (. Inwards 53,000 56,800 55,490

23, OGO 27,800- 29,800

Vol. 19.

11 X

- (N* 3.) -

IOOOO

a 8° Ma

A. 1764.

- (N- 3-)

AWufcft in the Post Office

An ACCO UNT of News Papers Framked from London, for One Week, from die 6th to

the 13th of March 1764.

m m m Total £. £ s- 12 4 l63 5 4 to 13 125 11 4 13 10 8 135 13 -

465 5 T

~ ~ m ~ m m m m m m £ 1 *7 4 98 3 4 6 4 8 9* 7 — I 13 - 98 10 —

Total £. 3 to 15. 4

Total £. ’ £ s. d. 33 >4 8 3'4 a — 34 10 8 305 14 _ 36 3 4 33‘ 6 —

1.055 10 8

Members.

States.

Post Office Clerks.

Monday Night Tuesday Night Wednesday Night Thursday Night Friday Night Saturday Night

Monday Night Tuesday Night Wednesday Night Thursday Night Friday Night Saturday Night

' Monday Night Tuesday Night Wednesday Night I Thursday Night I Friday Night k Saturday Night

- (N* 4O

STATE of FRANKING in March 1764.

The Lords and Commons of both Houses of Parliament in Great Britain and Ireland.

The Principal Secretaries of State.

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and their Secretaries.

The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and his Secretaries.

The Secretary at War.

The Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

The Secretary of the Admiralty.

So far the King’s Warrant.

The Lords of the Admiralty.

The Clerks of the Admiralty all Frank in the Secretary’s Name, but do not receive Letters Free. The Under Secretaries of State.

The Clerks in the Secretaries of States Oflicesall Frank, and receive Free.

The Four first Clerks of the Treasury receive their Letters Free, but do not Frank.

The Under Secretary at War Franks in the Secretary at War’s Name, and receives Letters Free directed to himself.

Six Clerks Frank in the Secretary at War’s Name, but do not receive Letters Free.

The Two Auditors of the Imprest Frank, and receive Free.

The Deputy Auditors Frank in the Auditors Names, but do not receive Letters Free.

The Gentleman Ulher of the Black Hod, *1

The Clerk of Parliament in the House of Lords, / All Frank and re-

The Clerk of the I Ioufe of Commons, and his Assistant, f ceive Free.

The Serjeant at Arms, and his Deputy, J

The Secretary of State for Ireland, Mr. Tifdall.

The Secretary to the Lords Justices in Ireland, Mr. Waite% rp, T T j c .,) Mr. Meredith, and

the LnderSecretar.es, j Mr. Ro/cngrai'.

The

4 Geo. III.

s86 Ma.

ioor

The Chamber Keepers to the Secretaries of States Offices receive Angle Letters Free, but do not Frank. The Upper Door-keeper to the House of Commons Franks, and receives Free Angle Letters; and also. The Upper Chamber-keeper to the Lords of the Treasury.

The Lord Justice Clerk for Scotland, Charles Arjkine, Esquire, ") All Frank,

The Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain; when Sir Robert Henley; '

The Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces; first in Time of War, but still continued; } j.-rec.

The Commander in Chief in Scotland, Lord George Beauclerk.

The Postmaster General, and all Established Officers under them, Frank and receive Letters Free, on the Office Business, and their own private Concerns.

Abuses in the Post Office.

- (N* 5,) -

The Grofe Produce of Inland Postage, and Charge of Management, Incidents, and all Dedu6tions in the Poll-Office of Ireland, for the Years ending at

YEARS Ending at Lady Day. Gross Produce of Inland Portage in Ireland, including Franks. Charges of Management, Incidents, and all Deductioni, including Franks. Difference.

f Midsummer Michaelmas 1762 - - -/ j Lady Day 1 1762. CMidsummer I Michaelmas 1763 - - - c Christmas j Lady Day L 1763* £. s. d. "'388 — 5 12,877 IO 10 13,335 16 1 M.238 3 7 £ 11,581 2 m 14,094 12 2$ 14,593 18 IO 15,35° 11 4 More than the Produce. 1 Less than Ditto.

£ 193 2 6f 1,217 1 1,258 2 Q 1,112 7 9 £ * . 2,796 15 11 2,203 19 5

51,839 IO IX 55,620 5 44 3,780 14 5*

13.230 13 2 13.214 13 7 8,411 2 3 9.825 6 11 14,039 6 7 13,591 14 8 5,614 6 4 7,621 7 6 # 808 13 5 377 1 1

44,681 15 11 . 40,866 15 1 1,185 14 6 5,000 15 4

Examined by Thomas Pitches, Accomptant.

— (N* 6.) —

The Gross Produce of Inland Postage, Charges of Management, Incidents, and all Deductions Ih the

Poll Office of Ireland.

Gross Produce of Inland Portage in Ireland. Charges of Management, Incidents, r and ail Deductions.

£. s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1753 36,468 19 9 37,91° 17 -4 M4» 17 3*

1754 32,394 7 3 27,548 19 2$ OO OO —

1755 47,846 1 I 50,262 13 7 - 2,416 12 6

1756 45,543 5 7 43»912 17 3i >,630 8 32 —

1757 47,616 4 4 48,770 9 8i - 1»I54 5 Ah

1758 41,861 12 6 39>i67 3 a 2,694 9 4

1759 48,238 18 2 50,659 11 2f 2,420 13

1760 and to 51I1 April 1761 44,890 8 2 41,307 18 6£ 3,582 9 7^ 1

Examined per Thomas Pitches.

Vol. 29.

A Motion

A^ufct

in the

Post Office

1002

8® — 290 Marlii.

A. 1764.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be printed j

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Five First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words, " unless the whole Superscription be of his own Hand-writing."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " One," and inferring the Word any," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " One," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " any," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " except such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the " Sides."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That for pre- the Agents for the Colonies of South Carolina and venting Abuses, in relation to the directing of Letters Georgia, on behalf of their respective Colonies, and of to Members of this House, the Privilege of receiving several British Merchants and Owners of Ships trading such Letters free, of the Duty of Postage, should be to those Colonies, was referred.

Committee.'

Militit

La*?.

to be directed to him at any Place, besides those of his nfual Residence, or where he shall actually be at the Time, or at the Lobby of this House, with an Exception only to such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyson do go to the Lords with the said Message.

Then the Resolutions which had been postponed being again read, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Espwtano whole House, to confuler of the Report which was of Rice, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

confined to Letters directed to such Members at any of the usual Places of their Residence, or where they actually are at the Time, except such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be sent without Covers, of in Covers open at the Sides.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally, read a Second Time, were, upon the Question fevei ally -put thereupon, postponed.

Ordered, That from and after this present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House, do Frank any Letter or Packet, except such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, unless the whole Superscription be of his own Handwriting.

Ordered, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do authorize or permit any Letters or Packets, other than such printed Votes and proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be sent without Covers or in Co vers open at the Sides, to be directed to him at any Places besides those of his usual Residence, or where he thall actually be at the Time, or at the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, Tl»at this House having taken into Consideration the great Scandal and Mischief arising from the excatfive hicrease of the Practice of counterfeiting the Hand, and fraudulently making use of the Names of'Members of Parliament, in the Superscription of Letters and Packets, hath come to Resolutions, That from and after the End of this present Session of Par-. Jiament, no Member of this House shall Frank any Letter or Packet, unless the whole Superscription be of his own Hand-writing, or permit any Letter or Packet

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rice took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovist 29° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

fiRDERED, That Mr. White, do attend at the Table, during the Absence of the Clerk Assistant.

A Petition of the Persons thereunder named, being Proprietors of Lands within the Dillrid of Bridgend, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the Jdoufe, and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorganj and representiogto the House, that if Provision was made in the said Bill, for repairing the old Road, from the South End of the

Village

Abfactci the Clerk AMaor*

Griff

Road*.

4 Geo.- III. 2p* Marta.

400J

t

*r

Weller’s

Divorce.

StokeAIbany ' inclosure.

Haver£ham iodpfurt.

i *

is-

Village of the old Castle, to the South W^ft Gornjer of a Field or Close near to the West End of Watertown Court House; and for making a new and additional Hoad from thence, over certain. Lands, belonging to Richard Turbeville, Esquire, and others, in as direct a

Line as conveniently maybe. South Eastward, to the End of a certain Lane called Prior, near 110

Golden Mill, to join the Hoad leading from the Town of Cowbriclge, over Em tuny Bridge, to Bridgend; fitch new Hoad would greatly shorten the Distance between; the said Towns of Bridgend and Cowbridge, and be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants within the Districts of Cambridge and Bridgend, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said old Hoad, and for making the said new and additional Hoad, and for keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Mauner as to the Hodfe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ijt shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir

John G Lynne, Mr. Southwell, Sir Long, Mr. Foley, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr,

Mr. Price, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Abercrombie, Lord Mr Rnjhout, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Bertie, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Ttevanion, Mr. Lewis, Mr General A'Court, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rice, Mr. l/rucndes, Mr. Harbord, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Morgan, Sir George Colcbrooke; and all the Members who lerve for the Principality of; and for the Counties of Hereford, Gloacesler, Monmouth, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act todiffolve the Marriage of John Weller, Esquire, with Charlotte Wilson, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton, was read

the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and molding the Open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the BiV, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Mr. Lmchdes reported from the Committee, to Weflbury whom the Bffl for dividing and melding the Open and inclosure' Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paihifes,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Wr/lbnri/, in the County of Buckingham was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mrs.

Maty Coojier, whose interest in the; laid Lands amounts to the annual Vahie of Six Pounds, and who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; ’and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do make the Report A(hborn* from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening Road, and repairing the Road leading from in the County of Derby, over Bdpar Bridge, to the prefen*

Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Cliefterfield to -Derby,

at or near a Place called Opemooood Gate, was committed.

Mr. Fitzherbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntp; which they lead directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with t|ic Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ami Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-roon Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, in the Manor and P&i ifli of Haddofi, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third

Time.,

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom R That the Bill do pals: And that the Title the Bill to enable Lucy Knightley, Esquire, to inclose be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and several Open and'Common Fields in the Parish of / la-Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Men-verffiam, in the County of Bucks-, and for vesting cef- dows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, tain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the in the Manor and Parish of Wtfl Haddon, in the County Rectory of Haversham. aforesaid, in the said Lucy of Northampton.

Knightley, and his Heirs; and for making a Compen- Ordered, That Mr. JJarbprd do carry the Bill to the iation to the Redtpr of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; Lords, and desire their Concurrence, was committed. That the Committee had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Mr.

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Mr. Speaker,

mittee; and that the Committee had gone through The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and inclosare.

Mfoich they had directed him to report to the House; Commonable Places in the Parish of Stoney Stanton,

and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards in the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, -

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the and Commonable Places in the Lordship o

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Marjtoin the said County, belonging to, and idled

read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by with, the said Fields of Stoney without »ty

one; and; upon the Question severally put there- Amendment: And also,

upon, were agreed to by the House. The Lords have puffed a BUI, intituled, An Act for xownftnd’*

Vox,. 29. 11 y settling

\ dr

V

1004

settling the Estate of Henrietta Rosa fend, Wife of Jaynes Townsend, Esquire, according to

certain. Articles of Agreement executed, before her Intermarriage with the said JaTownfend, but subject to the Charges and Incumbrances affecting the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.; And then the Messengers withdrew.

2 Martiu

A. 1764.

hies, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House , which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at tire Clerk’s Table:' Where the same was read; and is as fol-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to

Pohlinann’s

Nat.

granting, for

carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of -

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and directly to any Part of America to

for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann, nyas read, the I'irit the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like

Earl of Aibburnham’s Marriage Settlement.

Bramcote Odd House, &c. Road.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cqdogan, Sir/ Jlonehaiigh, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Page, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrpfled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Comities of Bedford, Dorset, and Lancaster, comprised in the Marriage Settle-

ment of John Earl of Ashbumham, in him the said Earl, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of that Settlement j and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; is. committed.

Colonel Howe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby-, and from IfafackLane End to IlJtefione, in the said County of Derby-, and from , in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to' Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, would be for the Benefit

of this Kingdom and the said Provinces.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, hpoti the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ctifi, Mr. Rice, Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Jenkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for' Continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of* the Whale Fishery carried bn by His Majesty’s Subjects, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.1 ‘

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole' House,

upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for diverting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Ft'z (era Id oflt at krone, in the County of Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, aid his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in Ireland, was read the Third Time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill 'opals: And that the Title be. An Act for diverting out of the Crouu, ..' to veil in Gerald Fitz Gerald, of in the County of

WMt

Fishffi.

Fitiwir.

Lots

Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his

fevCrally put thereupon, several of them were poll- ....

poned, &nd the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Amendments which have been poll-poned.’

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fume was committed.

G.imlingajr

Lxne,

Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in fever-a! Lauds in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Twrtfel so much of an Act of the^th Year of the Reign ofliis date Majesty, for repdirirtg and widening several Roads therein described, lending from he'Town of Tend

Mr. Kyhajlonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for Hurtling np and discontinuing a Road or bury, in the County of Gbucejtet1, ais relates to the Firfi Way- now used over certain inclosed Lands of the Dirtri6t of the Roads therein mentioned; and for

.Way

-honourable George Lane Parker, in the Prtrish of Gam

lingay, in the County of Cambridge -, and for other Purposes* therein to be mentioned; was committed,

That the Cotntnittee 'had examined the Allegations of the- Bill, and foundwhe same to be true; and that the

Committee had gone Ihrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Vhey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re- Majesty, for repairing and Widening several Hoads port in his Place; and afterwards-delivered the Bill, with therein deferred, leading from WiCTowfi the Amendment?, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the bury, in the County of Glou'cester, as relates to the

A ____1___i.aa/1 tKi-Aiuvlirmt . tUn e% Distri/4'of Roarfu troniuttiih/f n/iri far

amending the Road from a Place called Comb-Hill, tb a Bridge at or near Norton , MiJ being Part of the Road from Teivkefbufy to the City oCGloucester-^ms read the'Third Tihie. < ’;

Ihfolved, That the- Bill do past‘: And that the Title be, An Act to enlargethe Term and ’Power/t osso modi of an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of his late

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one* and, 'upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

» , i. 5 1 1 '

Exportation Mr. Rice, according to Order, reported from the of Rice. Comn. Wee < f *iie w hole House, to whom it was re-fdrredr'to consider of the Report which was made from -.the Committee, tw whom the Petition of tbte Agents for the Colonies of South Carolina and Georgia, on behalf - , " of their' respective Colonies, and of several Bril if

- _ Merchants and Owners of Ships trading to those Colo-

First District' of Roads therein infenrioned; and for amending the Road from Comb Hffto a Bridge Norton Mill, iii the County of Glotke/er, and from Eckingfon Bridge,-to join the Tiirriplkt Rbad’ which leads from Upton oil Severn to in the County

.of Woree/Ur. *' " f I

Ordered, That Sir William Cadring/on db carry (fee Bilhto the Lords, andldefire theirrCbnciirrenee.'11

Ordered, That the OrdoroffhcDay, for the fhtise

to resolve itself into k Cotfnnlt the whole House,

upon the Bill for allowing further T

of Deeds and Wills made by; apd for Relief if Protestant Purchasers; be now read.

tf®'

I*l

Highways; Apnlica:iou of Money.

4 Geo. III. dof Martii. ' 1005

And the said Order being"read accordingly.* ' The House resolved itself into the said Committee: Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynajiontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any ACtof Parliament forrepairingany partieularHigh-way; and to report the Matters, as they should appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Iiesolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee in order to proceed in a regular and uniform Manner, drawed up such Questions, to be answered by the proper Officers belonging to each particular Trust, as occurred to them most worthy of Examination.

The Questions were as follow; ' 1

I*. What the Debt was in 1752 ? *"*

II. The yearly Revenue

III. The ordinary Expences in each Year?

IV. The extraordinary Expences r

V. The Sums borrowed

VI. The Interestpaid

VII. The Principal, or what Part thereof paid off?

VIII. The Debt at Christmas 1763

IX. The Officers Salaries

X. The extent of the Road

XI. Alphabetical List of Acting Trustees? And,

XII. The Competition taken ? (if any)

The Committee think it proper, before they enter into -a detail of their Proceeding, to state to the House the Turnpikes they have had under Confederation'; which are as follow: Ijlingtou, Bone, and Ty-

burn New a lid Old Road, KeGloucester, Brentford, Nerc Cross, ami Surrey New Roads.

And, Eirft, with respect to Turnpike, which

your Committee were prevented from making any Report upon hr the last Session, by the illness of the Tretf-surer; thet Committee ordered the Books and Papers, relating so the said Trust to be -laid: before them; a State whereof, at Christmas 1762, is contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

And' it appeared upon the Examination of Elmes, Esquire, Treasurer to the said Trust, that the "Salaries of the Officers and Collectors were,

' £. d.

In the 1 ear 1752 - - - ‘502 8 —

And in 176a - - - - 1 761 18 —

Which Increase amounts to - '259 10 —

' — __________L_

: And being aiked. How that Increase arose? he said,

That the Treasurer formerly had but Sixty-five Pounds a Year, but has now One hundred Pounds; and that the Collectors Salaries have also been raised from Ten Shillings to Twelve Shillings per Week — That he made ‘-Application to the Trust to augment his Salary, as his Place was attended with some extraordinary Trouble, on Account of the Addition of the New Road; which they increased to Seventy-eight Pounds, and afterwards Vol. 29.

to One hundred Pounds a YekrThdt in the last Year they paid off One thousand Pounds, not included-in the' Account given in, which goes no farther than One' thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two: That they Were obliged to pay off the fame, is the Creditor would not accept of Four per Centum, and to borrow Five hundred Pounds towards enabling them to pay' the fame; and it appeared, that the Revenue of this Turnpike, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, exceeds the Expence Five hundred Twenty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five pence, as by the Schedule hereunto annexed: And it appeared, upon Examination, That the Expence of repairing the Road came to One hundred and Seventy Pounds a Mild, One Y'ear with another.

Your Committee then proceeded, Secondly, to dn-quire into the State of the Mary le Bone Turnpike, ind ordered the several Articles before mentioned to be laid before them-; a State whereof is contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed. 1

And by the Accounts delivered in by Mr. Austin. the Clerk to the Trustees, it appeared, That? in the Year One thousand Seven’ hundred and Sixty-one, exclusive of otherextraordinary Expences*of that Year, there was laid out, for erecting of a Toll-hoitfe, near Tyburn, th^ Sum of Five hundred Thirty-six; Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence.

And Mr. Philips, a Carpenter, being examined as to the Extravagancy of that Charge, he said, The Toll-house might have been erected at One Third of the Expence; but the Reason of the extraordinary Charge is owing to the Construciion and Nicety of the Building, which rs much more than necessary.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Method of borrowing Money. v

And the said Mr. Philips informed your Committee, That at a Meeting of the Trustees, upon the Seventh. Day of AugujlOne thousand Seven hundred and Sixty,

at th e Mount Coffee House, Application was made by

Two Creditors, to he allowed Interest for

their Money, or else’ to have their Principal paid off y which being allowed, the Question was put at the said Meeting, as appeared by the Minute Book: " That the Interest ot Monies burrowed for the Use Of this " Trust, and now at Four per Cent, be advanced todfive " per Cent, from Michaelmai next."'

1 '* The same was unanimously agreed to." — 1-

But it appeared upon the Examination of Mr. Philips and Mr. Francis Goodge, Two of the Trustees, That, as the other Creditors'hud not applied to have their Int#* rest raised, and Mr. Philips, at that Time, giving it as a Reason not to give Five per Cent, on that Trust, air Four only was allowed and paid by him in I he Kenfing-ton Trust; the said Question was firongly opposed, though it was entered in the Minute' Boqk of the said Trust, to have been unanimously agreed to; v Mr. Thomds, the Treasured to the said Trust, said. That as some Creditors had Five the Corn-

mi Hi oners thought it reasonable alHlvould have it ;’and that he could not recollect ahy Opposition at putting the

Question. ....

; And H likewise appeared - to vdur Committee;- from the Examination of Mr. Avjlin, That several Irregularities had been committed hi thetaking<6f Minutes'of the Proceedings of the Trustees, by tire' Direction of the Treasurer; and that upon - looking' into -the Minute Book, belonging to the said Trusty it appeared that the acting Trustees were most of them I radefmen* and "Artificers; and the following are inierested by them-Selves, or near Relations, in the Works relating to the T rust; John ManvUle, Carpenter; George Mercer feniof, Mason; George Mercer, junioiyMafon; Walter Lee, Mason; William Wilson, Piaifterer.

Your Committee -then proceeded, Thirdly, to examine into the State of the Kensington Turnpike; and

in

y 006 39° Marlii. ' A, 17^4.

in orderfchereto, ordered #ie several Articleshcfore jneu-tjoiied, to be laid before them; an Account whereof appears in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

And, in order to prove the present State of the said Roads, Mr. Philips, Ope of the Treafu.rers and Trustees, delivered in to your Committee, a Paper signed by himfdft aiyd the other Treasurer: which Paper is as follows:

1. " The Roads are all made apd widened where " necessary; consequeutly no more Expence cau accrue for any Purchase of Land.

3. " The Footpaths are also made, and in good ‘f Repair, and particularly well guarded with Pods; " and Ranges of Rods and Rails are put up iu all the dangerous Places on these Roads.

3. There are no more Bridges to be built on these Roads.

4. " The Laud that is bought, will produce at lead " Eight Thousand Loads of Bailaft for to mend the " Roads.

5. " Thp Debt due is One thousand Four hundred " Pounds, at Four per Centum per Annum. As the " before mentioned Articles are true, it ouly remains " for the Trustees to keep the said Roads in Repair;

and pay the Servants Wages employed by them; " and to pay the Debt of One thousand Four hundred " Pounds.

J. Philips, ? Treasurers " John Scott, i lrealurers-

March3, 1764.

And your Committee having been informed of some Mismanagement and Neglect of Officers in the said Trod, called before them,

Tomkins Dew, Esquire, One of the Trustees, who informed your Committee, That One Surveyor, if properly placed, would be sufficient: That the present Surveyors arp ignorant of their Duty; and, in his Opinion, the Road might be kept iu Repair for little mprp than half the present Expence.

That it appeared that thp Expence of this Turnpike including every thing in the tall Year, amounted to Four thouumd Two hundred Thirty-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, which is about Two hundred Eighty-two Pounds a Mile.

And it all'o appeared tp your Committee, from the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Trull, That an Order was made for re-building a Bridge, called Stamford Bridge, the Edimate oftfie Expence of which was -given in by Mr. John Spencer, Carpenter, at Two hundred Pounds, but amounted to upwards of Seven hundred Pounds, including Labourers and Gravel.

Mr. Philips said. When Doctor Sherlock came to the tSee of London, he was employed in taking an Account

i>f the Dilapidations of that See, amongst which was Stamford Bridge; therefore apprehends the Bishop h^d a Right to half of the said Bridge: That he surveyed the Dilapidations again after the Demise of the Bishop; and tli.it there is uow a Dispute in Law between thp present iiilhop and the Representatives of the late Bishop, which, when ended, the Dilapidations, allowed by the Court, will be’to the Use of Turn-

pike.

Mr. Scott, One of the Trustees, said. That Mr. Martin Steward to Mr. Edwards, Lord of the Manor of Kevjingtvn, to whom One Half of the Bridge belongs, told him he would give the same Money as the Bishop.

And several of the Trustees appearing before your Committee, said, That it did not belong to the Trust to build that Bridge, it being the Property of private People; and that at the Meeting, when it was first prq-posed to build the Bridge, it was strongly opposed by them, as apprehending the y were not authorised by the Act so to do.

*7 1

Your Comnxittee then proceeded to examine.into the Manner of the Election of Trustees; iu order to which, the Minntes of the Proceedings were read, and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That all Vacancies of Trustees, which " thall happen in this Trull, be supplied according " to the present Alphabetical List made on October " One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, and entered in the Minute Book of this Trust, Vyl. 3. " Page 208; and that no new Alphalieticul Lift be " made, till all the Trustees, whose Names are therein " specified, have had their Turn of pr. poling or nomi-u nating anewTruliee for the Approbation of the " Board; and that every new Trustee be proposed " at One Board, and ballotted for at the Board following."

" Rejoiced, That no Trustee shall have a Right to " propose a new Trustee to fill up any Vacancy, ah " though his Name shall stand inserted in the Alphabetical List, unless such Trustee shall have attended some f< General Meeting of the Board within the Space of " One Year preceding such Vacancy."

Resolved, That in case any Trustee, whose Tijra shall be according to the Alphabetical List, to " nominate a new Trustee upon any V acancy, shall uegleet to make such Nomination at the First or Second

ft General Meeting of the Board, alter Notice given " him for that Purpose, such Trustee shall forfeit his " Right of Nomination for that Turn, which shall go " over to the next Trustee upon the Lift."

And, in another Book of Minutes, the following remarkable Order was made:

" That, for the future, every Trustee.do pay, on " his coming into the Board Room, Two Shillings " and Sixpence, towards defraying the Expence of the " Day."

Your Committee beg Leave to observe. That the above mentioned Orders are not warranted by the Act of Parliament, and tend to keep the Management of the Trust in the Hands of interested Persons.

Mr. Philips being desired to inform the Committee, what Proposals he would make for the better Regulation of the said Trust;

He said, First, I^e would propose to lower the ToHs: Secondly, Tq remove the Gates at Hyde Park and Westminster, near the Queen’s Palace; to make a five Communication about the Cityand Liberty of lpglmi»-fier: And, that if these Propositions were not approved oft he should then propose. That a considerable annual Sum should be taken from the Trull, to prevent the amazing Quantity of Matter, which lie apprehended WQuld,.by the present Trustees, be continually putting on and taking off the Road, whilst they are in ftyfeffioo of so large an Income.

And being aflted, What would be the Expence of keeping the said Roads in Repair?

He said. He thinks less than Two hundred Ppuiufc a Mile; but it depends upon the Gooduefe of the Materials: That he cannot lay exactly what would keep the Roads in Repair, but that a great Saving might be made: That he thinks the Trull could now sparp Five hundred Pounds a Year, and also pay off the Mopey borrowed within the Terqa of tl)p present

Aa.

Being further questioped, he said, He believed, if the Debt was paid, they might sparc Seven hundred or One Thousand Pounds a Year; and that the Debt might be paid off in Two Years.

And your Committee were informed by another of the Trustees, That out of the Money collected upon that Road, the same might be lighted with Two hundred Lamps, and have Twenty Watchmen: That One hundred Pounds a, Year might be paid of the Debti and Two hundred Pounds a Year to the Cowndhoms foyr Raving Westmiijltr Streets: That the Coheftofs, afe

very

y

t

b

r>,

4 Geo. III. 29 0 Martii. 1007

very negligent, he having seen Persons pass the Gates without paying: That there never has been a regular Motion made for lowering the 'foils; but is fare Half the Tolls, which amounted '.aft Year to above lour thou fund Pounds, would be ijihident to keep the Road in Repair.

Your Committee next proceeded to examine into the Slate of the GloucesterTurnpike, having received Information of Abides committed in the Management of that Trull; hntmpon Examination into the fame, and looking into the Accounts, which were laid before them, the A hit rad of which is annexed in the Schedule, they find the same to be fair and clear, although the Road is in bad Repair.

Your Committee having ordered a State of Brentford Road to be laid before them;

James Clitheroe, Esquire, the Treasurer, delivered in a very satisfadnry Account of the fame; an Extract of which appears in the Schedule.

And it Likewise appeared to your Committee, That he, and his Father before him, had acted as Treafu-rers, without receiving any Salary or Reward, to the great Advantage of the Trull.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the

State of the Xcu Grass and Surrey New Roadsan Ai>- b llradof the Accounts of which appears in the Scliesmic annexed.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to tin following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitiee. That in most of the Turnpikes they have inquired into, there has been great Mismanagement of the public Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mifmauagenient is chiefly owing to the acting Trullnes having been employed or iutcrclled in the Works carried on under the Trull.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee1, That no Persons for the future shall act as Trustees in any Turnpike Road, who are employed or inteicfled in the Works carried on by the said Trull.

l

j;

1'

1

m

A

J

t

c

V&t. 29

tiZ

SCHEDULEi

I:<vv' g s; p':v jl u I 1 Ai.JhC \

>x

2? r i

o © —

n

M

O -

SCHEDVLEj being an ABSTRACT of the several ACCOUNTS referred to in the Report.

Name , i>f Turnpikes.

The Deb*. in

T

1751-

1763.

lllington - - - - ' .

f (Old Road) 5,067 — - —

Mary Le Bone and Tyburn < I $ Commenced 1

( (New Road) in 1750. J

Kensington, ChcllVa, S'c-(iloucelter to Birdlip Hill Brentford -New Croli -Surrey New Roads

O rf. £ s. <1.

- 19,1<H 13 6$| 10,944 3 8^: 7/200 -

3.500 -

1,400 — — 1.^41 5 8

6,600 — —

4.500 — 3

13.500-----

1 3.3oo-----

4O2 10 10

- I (j,6oo — —

Ye;uly Revenue. Ordinary Expence. Extraordinary Expence. Officers Salaries. Latent of R.wd. From 175* to

17 5*- 1 I 1763- S*‘ 1763. r 1751. 1 1763. r 175*. 3 €763. to -» - c 1 r Sums borrowed. J . Interest paid. Principal paid off.

r. s. d.! £. x. d. s. d £ 1. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £. d. £ * 5 s2 c. £ £ /

3,416 19 4 5,028 2 — 2,926 13 4l 2,122 12 8 123 15 9 1,101 2 1 50 2 8 — 71 18 11,200 4.342 14 1 i,7°°

1,016 10 6 1,208 6 4 4 964 2 — 809 5 5 46 3 1*4 47 15 n 104 2 205 — 7" \i() 1 20^ C { 4.700 1,940 1 — 1 > Noue.

- - 1 628 1 5 " " - 56 2 4 " 130 — — 4 — >4* 3.500 862 15 1 3

3.273 11 84! 4.137 11 6| 3.334 19 li 3.551 4 3 92 »5 — 682 14 1 534 *5 6 «i« 3 " 15 — 4 None. 1,011 18 3 2,100

7 2 - 41 - 8 4- 1,200 1 Paid up to J i June 1763.,) None.

2,109 15 n$ toll farmed at 2,250 IO — -toll firmed at }*.«38 19 6£ 2,231 12 8 i 160 11 — 64 5 11 339 4 " 339 4 — 10 3 — None. 3,349 IO — None.

1,926 2,3*1 ~ — ' 2.3*9 7 5 1.375 4 I 779 3 — 116 9 11 50 78 12 — 21 3 — 2,500 [ Interrft paid yearly, or [ half yearly. Ji 1,000

578 5 54 1,067 2 1.143 »3 1 11,074 IO 2j 60 — — Go 5 3.500 . 6,480 None.

Note, The Accounts of Rlington Trust ends at Chril'tnvs 1762.

vo

m Iffcigton.

b <2 O >« Revenue. l Total expence.

£ S' d £ 3. d.

*752 3,416 19 4 3,861 10 1*

1753 5,557 1 2 2,509 1 3

*754 3^8 — 6 2,353 9 7k

*755 a.3«7 15 11 2,932 11 nj

1750 4.137 1 11 4,103 11 3;

*757 4,020 2 6 8,760 13 2

1758 4,384 11 — 4,795 *3 1

*759 4.796 5 2 4.640 16 74

1760 5,053 b 8 3,505 *4 5

i-76i 5.248 1 8 5.107 16 11

1762 5,028 2 4,504 9 7

1763

Mary Le Bone and Tyburn.

Old Road.

Revenue.

/ *. d.

i.375 16 6

1,580 4 6

7*3 6 5

1*433 8 61

M4 a 17 9

1/270 15 — 1/25* 12 5$ 1,426 8 4

1,484 2 84

1,778 9 8

1,576 18 4*

Total

ix pence.

New Road. Revenue.

x

2

0

S §

sit

PS?

h*

«5-§

1 5 I «£* p» c H

d.

Total exigence.

138 4 5$

404 10 n

45o 15 8

55o 15 10 59* 14 9 623 16 1

628 1 *;

£- * d.

2,135 n 10 2,011 10 5

1,427 17 »4

533 1.3 1

59 15 8

682 8 y

58b 14 1

j Kenfing ton, Sec.

r jj Revenue. Total expence.

/ s. d. £- s. d.

3,273 11 3,427 14 14

3»256 5 8 3,188 13 34

3,380 16 11 ! 3,093 15 1

3,396 8 10 3,570 9 loi

3,40.3 7 10 3.435 10 1*4

3,313 5 — 3.420 0 5

3»5H 4 7 3,365 i4 1

3»/6o 15 3 3,888 2 u

3,816 8 1 3,860 10 6

4,057 2 10 3.791 *5 7

3.977 — 6] 4,079 16 1

4.137 1 1 6k 4,233 18 4

Gloucester,

Revenue.

d.

351 16 ~f 326 17 6

292 5 6 268 16 6 \

362 12 6

316 3 1

350 13 —

790 14 5

d34 7 2

Total expence.

About £. 327 upon an average

556 i* 3 667 5 3*

Brentford.

1 Revenue. 1 Total expence.

£' s. d. £ j

2,109 15 *! 2,399 i° 6

2,093 0 9. i,953 14 7h

2,011 17 2 2,091 2 54;

1,894 — I 2,005 15 —

1,890 11 6 2,278 -P3 9$

»,748 — 4 1,686 9 3;

1,805 12 3f 70 9 3 1S

925 12 34 8*3 6 5

2,098 14 — 1 2,096 3 8y

2,176 15 if 2,057 5 6

2,175 3 7 2,®PO 11 A-l

-,256 10 — { 2,295 18 7|

, L

New Cross.

Revenue.

£ > </

r Tolls farmed *) at v

[l.yjo----- J

2,110-----

2,110 — —

2,110-----

2,110 ----- r —

2,220 -

2/120-----

*’*i0-----

2,311-----

2,311-----;

Total expence.

Surrey New Roads.

C * d.

3.148 10 5

2,139 *3 1

1.837 9 1

2,182 7 7 1,942 8 10 2/220 10 10 *.P49 5 4

2,049 5 *,9-5 10 1,645 16

1,760 10

»,54‘ 14 "

Revenue.

Total expence.

d.

578 5 5j 11,674 10

«45 1 6j 4,3io 8 7

885 *5 M i,57° 11 5

1,014 5 6 1,755 3 2

!,245 3 44 1,647 18 6

1,143 19 — 4 2,co8 7 7

b°97 11 6 1.724 16 6

1,000 5 6 1.654 2 8

1,104 4 ? 1,641 12 5 k

Let on Lease T '1,000 12 — -/ *,477 9

M5» 12 — 1,862 16 10

1,067 2 — »/*43 *3 1

M ON

g

cq"

r-h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o-

r

to

<x>

S T A T E of the ACCOUNT and P R O C E E DIN G S of the Trustees of M A R Y B O N E TURNPIKE (for the Old Road) j for Twelre Years Jail past*

RECEIPTS.

The Yearly Revenue -

The Sams borrowed by Rif is, <!yc.

Compositions

Races for Repairing Oxford Street -To additional Duty for ()> cr-weight Received towards a C'aufeway

PAYME N rs.

The ordinal Rxpenees, Repairing the Gravel Road, *) Oxford Street, 4rc* and folr Labourers - - - j

The extraordinary or incidental Expences

Poundage of Rates for Oxford Street -

The Interest paid - -

Principal, by Rills, pttid3>ffwith interest

By drills exchanged, ditto -

The Debt to Christmas 1763

The Officers and Collectors Salaries -

Charge of erei^Hng the weighing Engine -

1751-

£ ' d.

1,051 15 nj 400 — —

308 10 — »55 t4 —

1752*

73t 4* 19

11

234

488

202

105 2 —

£- ' d.

1,016 10 6

1,400-----

229 10 — 129 16 —

964 2 —

46 3

*3

16

17 H

9

200

476

712

n|

6

10

5

3

*753-

£. *.

1,021 15 — 2,100 — — 307 10 — 132 19 6

118-----

»754-

£ d.

55i 11 n

300-----

40-----

55 14 6

00-----

1755-

£. *. d.

1,043 13 — i

900 -

202 16 6 122 6 6 74 12 6

1756.

£ d-93^ 17 9

363 *-----

129 — —

25-----

*757-

£. d. . 754 19 6

3*5 19 — 141 4 0

48 12 —

The Debt in 1752 for which Interest was paid

1758.

d.

910 6 5f

200 12 — 134 14

1759-

1,073 j8 10

199 10 — 152 19 0

1760.

£ d.

1,111 18 2 A

230-----

13‘i 4 6 10-----

1761.

1,271

s. d, 1 8

332 10 — 153 15 — 18-----

3 3 —

1762.

£. s. d 1,208 6 4;

205 10 — 154 2 — 9-----

104

181

The Extent of the Old and New Road is Four Miles and Fourteen Yards.

RECEIP T S.

The Sum borrowed The Yearly Revenue Contingencies

PAYMENTS.

2

a>

Charge of the late Act, One Moictv -Charge of making the Road, building Toll-houses, 7 Repairs, - - - )

Extraordinary "v incidental Bxpenoes -Collectors Salaries -

Interest paid -

Annuities paid for Ground taken in -

416 17 11

48 13 7

9 18' — 210 8 11

95.6 3 3 1*383 4 1

125 2 —

413 12

24 1

4 2 97 18 614 9

303 H

6

4

4

9

65 U —

7*5 »8 4

44 3 nf

9 3 — 156 2 2

706 10 2

804 8 8

131 2 —

499 7 —

13° *3 "

9 13 6

154 4

302 17

H7 19 4

571 18 10

94 i° *1 10 11 6

158 5 — 100 1 9

160 12 —

771 18 4 976 13 9

42 — 6

6 14 —

280 15 —

162 2 —

THE N E W ROAD.

2,000 --

138 4

5*

441 13 —

1*584 4 3

56 17 10 23 6 —

29 10 g

£ 8. d.

500-----

404 10 11

1,683 15 6

61 12 7

98-----

02 7 —

75 15 4i

£. d. 1,000 — — 450 15 8

1,056 16 10 J

9°-----

.132 10 — loo — — 4* 10 3

89

7 *3 —

150-----

169 6 —

- £.{

- «{

6 12 —

83 10 —

202 13 5*

54

20

178-----

100 — — 795 18 dj Toll-h. Gates, kc. 53^ i3 6

35 15 2

7 x3 —

192-----

100 — 9

203 18 6

£- *. d. 550 15 10

217 7 6

17 0 9

130-----

125 a 4

43 *6 d

59» »4‘ 9

809 5 5

47 15 5:

7 14 —

18S-----

IOI 13 2

205 —

if. s. d. £ * d.

623 2 16 10 1 6 628 1 5

200 7 2

35 15 9 130 — —

ldo 15 —

42 17 9 1 ' ’1,|rT V

296 15 6

37 i.i

6

4>

o

w

o

5.067

7,200

vo

o

130 — —

175 ——

42 17 9

177 h —

56 2 4

130 — — 1 Ho — —

4* 17 9

o

o

vo

V

2 -o' ?5

g

s "

IOIO

2 90 Martii.

d. 1764.

The said Rosolutions being severally read a Second And the same were, as agreed toby the House, read Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- accordingly; and are as followeth;

upon, agreed to by the Hnufe.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be pi inted; and that M r. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but suchashe shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

Militia Mr. Jenkinson, according to Order, reported from

Lawk. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called , was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and

Mr. Browning:

" Resolved, That the Practice of counterfeiting the

" Hands of Members of this House, upon Letters,

" in order to prevent their being charged with the " Duty of Postage, is become extremely frequent and " notorious."

" Resolved, That the buying and selling of Covers for Letters, commonly called Franks, ffgned with the Names of Members of this House,

" is also become frequent, and is oi»enly practised."

" Resolved, That the Practice of directing

" Letters to Members of this House, at other " Places than the Places of their usual ltetidence,

" or w here they actually are at the Time, in order " to convey Letters to other Persons, free from the " Duty of Postage, is also become extremely frequent."

" Resolved, That under Colour of the special Pri*

" vilege, or Allowance, belonging or granted to, or " exercised by, certain Persons, not being Members " of either House of the Parliament of Great Britain, " of sending and receiving their Letters and Packets " free from the Duty of Postage, great Numbers of " Letters and Packets, which ought to be charged, " do escape being charged with the Duty of Postage." " Resolved, That by the continued Increase of " these and the like Frauds and Abuses, the Revenue of the Poll Office hath been greatly defrauded; " and, if a speedy and effectual Stop be not put thereto, is likely to suffer ltill further Loss."

Resolved, That the raoft effectual Method of preventing a Practice so derogatory to the Honour of

Abnfa in the

Port Oibcc.

Mr. Speaker,

Abuses The Lords have taken the subject Matter of the in the Message from this House into Consideration; and have " this House, and at the same Time so injurious to

Port Office, come to the following Resolutions: " the public Revenue, as the counterfeiting the Hands

Resolved, Neniine con/radicente, by the Lords Spi- " of Members of this House, in order to avoid Pay-ritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, that " ment of the Ditty of Poliage, would be, That no

it appears to this House, That the Practiceofcoun- " Member of this House should frank any Letter,

terfeiting the Hands of Members of this House, upon " unless the whole Superscription be of his own Letters, in order to prevent their being charged with " Hand-writing, except such printed Votes and Pro-the Duty of Postage, is become extremely frequent

and notorious.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, by the I^ords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament act’embled, that from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do Frank any Letter or Packet, except such printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be lent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, unless the whole Superscription he of his own Handwriting. '

ReJ'olved, Nemine contradicente, by (he Lords Spiritual'and'Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, no Member of this Floufe do authorize or permit any Letters or Packets, other than l’uch printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as shall be lent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, to be directed to him at any Places, betides tho-e of his usual Residence, or where he shall actually be at the Time of delivering such Letters or Packets.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Message was read.

lhc House was moved, that the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the several Frauds and Abuses in relation to the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Postage, and to consider of the most proper Methods of preventing the same; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; and which were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed te by the House; might be again read.

19

ceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, as " shall be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at " the Sides."

" ReJ'olved, That to the directing. of Letters to " Members of this House, the Privilege of receiving such Letters free of the Duty of Postage,

" should be confined to Letters directed to such " Members at any of the usual Places of their Residenee, or where they actually are at the Time,

" except such printed Votes and Proceedings in " Parliament, or printed. Newspapers, as shall be " sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the " Sides."

" Residved, That the Allowance of fending and " receiving Letters and Packets free of the Duiv of " Pottage, heretofore granted to, or cufmmarily enjoyed by, certain Persons, in respect of their Offices, " has not been sufficiently confined to such Letters " and Packets only as should relate to the Business " of their respective Offices."

" Resolved, That such Allowance in respect of Offices

" ought not to be continued, without feme further Restrictions and Limitations."

" ReJ'olved, That the counterfeiting of the Handwriting of any Person, in the Superscription of " any. Letter or Packet, in order thereby to defraud " the Revenue of the Post-Office, be made more " penal."

" Resolved, That a further Difeouragement to the PraiStice of counterfeiting the Hands of Members " of this House, the buying or selling of Franks, " signed with the Names of Members of this House, " should be declared a Breach of the Privilege of this "House."

Ordered,

4 Geo. III.

290 — jb4 Mart'n.

to ri

Ordered, That a Bifi be brought in, upon the Debate' of the House, for ascertaining and regulating,; in what Cafes, and under what Restrictions, Letters and Packets thall he sent and received free front the Duty of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in' relation thereto: And that Mr. 2)*Jon, Mr.

Mr. Edmonjtane, and Sir Charles ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Supply . Bill; - Mr. Rice, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for B*aver. repealing the Duties now payable Upon Beaver Skin* imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; atnd for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read - the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One By One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,'were agreed to* by the House. ' ' ' '

A Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill for' allowing Re-payment of Part of the Diity upon Exportation of Beaver to Ireland.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be'

brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That -the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Frauds The Order of the Day being read, for the' House to: by resolve itself into a Committee of the-'whole House "3"&c PtS’ upon R,e Rill to continue an Act, made in the ^th Year-of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act to prevent the committing oftFrauds by Bankrupts; and for obviating Inconveniences which'

' may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers; and Traders, intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the Laws relating: to

' Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and' Effect'

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Tuesday Morn-’ ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee*.

OlanHestine . The Order of ‘ the Day being reftfd, for the- Hoi’ife Maniages. to resolve itself into-a Committee of the whole House,' upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Yeai-i of the Reign of his late Majesty - King George the; Second, intituled, An Act for the better'preventing of-clandestine Marriages; and-to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public. Chapels, under a-Publication of Banns, or by:Licencts; and tp remove all Doubts which have arisen, of may-arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriage* I solemnized i it t hat Part of Great Britain called or beyond the Seas; .* < >’ -

Resolved, That this House will, upon MondaS/Mom-'1 ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

\Vettmlnft«r The Order of the Day being read, for the' House Jiving. - to resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectuaiTwo several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present’ Majesty,- for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Wefim infer, the Parishes of Saint Giles in Saint George the Martyr, Saint George that ’

Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holbotn which lies in the County of Mid, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoij, and that: Part of the Duchy <of' iMiicaJler which lies in the county of ; and-

for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Voi,. 39.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mora-' ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee:

The Order of the Day being read, for the House-to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon W'fia*e

the Bill for the Encouragement of the Whdle Fishery 1 in the Gulph and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of His MajestyVColonies in America; ’> - '

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ' resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the r importation whole House,- to consider of a proper Encouragement - of for the Importation of Hemp and Flax from His He®P> *c- Majesty’s Coldnies-in A/nefica.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.': *

Mr. Harris of- Christ Church took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chairv'

Mr. Harris of Christ Chhtck- - reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution,; which they had directed him td report, when the House will please to receive the same. r

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' -'» - f'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine of tl^e Clock. - u i

Vtneris, 30 ?. dit Marti-

Anno 4* Georgii.IH*" Regis, 1^64/

Prave RSi ': '

r i ..... - - - . ....

AK ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Att; Townsend’s

Act for settling the Estate of Henrietta EfUte.

Peregrina Townsend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire,.

according to certain Articles of Agreement executed before her Intermarriage with the said James ToumJ'eiid, but subject to the Charges and Incumbrance^ affecting '*" the fame, was read the First'Ipne. '.'

'i Resolved, That the Bill be read aSecond Tioie,

'' M r. Channel) Townsend repdrtedfrom the Committee,' Cardiff to whom the Petition of the Persons-thereunder named, ’ Roads, being Proprietors of Lrtnds Within -the District of:

Jiridgend, irvthe County of' Glhmorgan, was referred-, '

That the Gon-.niirtee had examined the Matter-ol: !ie ftfd- Petition; «hd had directed him-’to reporftfre feme,"’ as-it appeared to thorn, t'o thbHbufe; and- he read the'

Report1 in-his Place; and afterwards delivered ituil at the-Clerk’s Table: Where, the feme was read f and is‘r as-followeth; viz.1 >.:'.} -; u-- ‘To iwovwthe' Allegation!! the said Petition, Mr. -Leivis Thomas' said, Thatbe'knrnvs the Road mentioned:

in the said Pbfition; that rt ;ik ltt-a ruinous Condition,' , and cannot ffe repairedbyno v ih*being.

'‘That the making a-nev^ ‘add?H6iial Road*’ from the Shuth West Corner- of a-Field'hear-the WelFBnd of Wafer town Chiirt House, ovefeertaiw tjawls belonging* to'Richard TurbeniUe, El<|uire,"to the End- of a certain Lane called Jfcdl 7/ Prior',- near to Golden -Mile, :to join the Road leading from the Town-'of Cambridge over Eivenmf Bridge to llriilgend; would greafciy fiiorten the Road between the Towns of Bridgend and Corb1- 1

bridge, and would be of great Advantage to tl.e Inhabitants. ' ’ :I ' ’ *.‘t a \

Ordered, That it -be ah Iivftruftlbifrto the Corrrt tiiReep 1 '

to whom the Bill -for ’ame^ing, hw-i(Jeiiing, and keep-' ing in Repair feVCral RojSdfe^iekdlrig from the Town 1 of Cardiff;‘and’ several: OtBbi^'Tbwns. and- Pih<fes in th'e Cohofy of Glamorgan, '^; eomlititted, -That rbey hUvb ’Power' tb'V^cftve a-C!n(i^e‘ or ClaUfeH' f^f 1,ke-pairing^the Road’Trbm the^‘^ifH!Eft(! 6t Uitt’Vflltige of Oid^CtiJUf- t'6-the Sotith !AVje(t'Cornfer of a Field o&’-Close hear fte-'tffe Westjfetid1 'WUftrt&ildi Court 12 A > House;

iota

30° Mar til

A. 1784.

House; and for making near and additional ftdad Manor intended to be inolofed, who refuted tofigntb* from thence owr' Certain Lands belengingto Richard Bill, as their disputed Right of Hay Tythes Turberville, Esquire, and others, in as direct a Line as settled, which Right of '1 ythes is not aftefted opftlj conveniddtlymay b^totbeEridofaeertamLaniieailed by the Bill; and that the Messuages intitledt

/VrV hear to to joh) the Road Atom Common are 77, and the whole of the LatnhiBMftfed

Cambridge to Bridgend. to be inclosed consists of 2,540 Acres, or thflMafrmgf;

; and that no Person appeared before the CoaMffiM|?$i feramcotc Colonel Iltnee reported from the Committee, to whom1 oppose the Bill; and that the Committee, :ha£ U®!D* Odd House, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottinghamto

the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and from Hqflhck Lane End to Hkejloite, in the

fiudGounty of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County

IfA*

|Uf

Ac.

Read.

unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Plane» «H»d. afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ‘

of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham -, was re- once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Quo

committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him' to report to the House; awl he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question to indole several Open and Common Fields in the Partfh severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. of , in the County of Bucks, and for veiling

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there; upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments fop.

ingroired.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Lucy Esquire, HnHba

Iadafut,

It

fcwr

(A

Sdt

Ciii

Watling

Street,

Ac.

Read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep*’ big in Repair several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watting Street to Compton, and the AVro Inn; and from the Birches Btoake to the Hand Pott, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the several Counties of Salop and Stafford; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the jRe&ory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said U>cy-Knight ley and his Heirs; and forniakinga Compenfetion to the Heft or of the said Parish in lieu thereof; was read the Third Time.

That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Lucy Knighlley, Esquire, to inclose several Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Haversham, in the County of Bucks, and for vesting certain Glebe>Land$, and the Tythes belonging to be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said Lucy Repair several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Knight ley and his Heirs; and for makinga Compenfetion

S«

Watling Street to Beckbury, and the New Imu and from the Birches Brooke to the Hand Poll, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BoTwtfrth

to the Reftorof the said Parish in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ixnondes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Harris of Christ Church, according tp Order, Imp*#* reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confideT of a proper Encourage*

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to

Iwclofiwe. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ment for the Importation of Hemp and Flax from fiis Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Majesties Colonies in America, the Resolutiou which the

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Husband'sBosworth, otherwise Borfeworth, in the County of Lcicjler, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about Seven Yard lands, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Lands in the said Fields ponfift of about Ninety-six Yard Lands; and that

Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That' it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Bounty be granted upon the Importation of Hemp and Flaxfrom His Majesty’s Colonies in America, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; namely, of Fight Pounds per Ton for the First Seven Years; of Suc Pounds per Ton for the next Seveu Years; and of Four Pounds

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose per Ton for the last Seven Years, the Rill; and that the Committee had gone through ', L~ t^e Bill, end made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he regd the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the Amendment?, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment? were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

apd, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rell were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The feid Resolutiou being read a Second Time, was,

3ion the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the ouse.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Eliot, 'Mr. Harris of Christ Chttrdh, the Lord Orwell, Mr. , Mr. Bice, and

JN*mbwefi Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the

laclefutc, Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor <4 Wombwcd, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegation? of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Matter? and Fellow* of Trinity College, in the University oi’Cambridgy, who are Owners of One Messuage and *4 Acres of Lund wi, thin the said *7

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for inrollments of Deeds and W ills made by Papists; and for Relief of Proteiiunt Purchasers; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie rend the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and* u(h>h the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

fcpfc' ,

Wilt ] DA

4 IH« Martti.

mi

Xfnc«n "A Bill for vetting the Fort of Senegal* and, itsOej tom^mr- fiendencies, Hu the Company of Merchants trading to dfrica, ivas read Second Time liefutved. That the Bill be committed,

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, open the said Bill.

'i

Asti

respecting

Insurance

Officer

Sutm , Drainage.

ut t

K

Lambeth and K* Newiupton uc koajt.

0*

it. Clement '* Dane,

nightly ri Watch.

IUi

L l aClford through Haslemere &oad.

J

pcltntie*,

; wm.

7*

;ta

-a

CJ

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other'Places therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The l.ords-have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and heing in the Parishes, Town ships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton, Gan/end, Swine,

Benninghohne Grange, and F North Row ton, Arnold, Ijong Ri/on, Levens, Hdgholme and Hally tree-holme, Brandes-burton and Bur/utl, Eflce, Tiekton, VYeel, Routh, Meant, and Waghen, otherwise

Warvn, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Thrm and Powers granted by ait Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the several Parishea of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George , and

BertnonJfey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent-, and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane; and for lighting and watching the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place Wear the Village of Milford, through Hafiemere, to the Portsmotith Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of *Surrey, Sifftx, and Southampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premises, late the YJknte of Jatnes Delmne, deceased, in John Ferret and Robert Edme/lon, and their Heirs, ia Trail, to fell the feme, and apply the Money, ariQng from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes as directed by the Will of the said James Delaune, without any Amendment,

And then the Messengvrs withdrew.

Supply Bill; An in graded Bill for repealing the Duties now

Italic* 00 ’ payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting

Buret, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain

Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skips and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins; was read the Third Tim*.

Rtfohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon V Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties

in lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver WqqI; and for taking off the Drawback allowed oh the

<' Exportation of such Skim.

Vot,. 29.

Ordered, That the Lord Ortpell do C*rry tfce Bdf to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Conn- frnportatlow tnittee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and "traders of the City of Glufgoiv, in behalf of themselves, and many others His MajestyY Subjects, was referred. That the Committee bad examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and baddirested him to report a $tate thereof to the Hpufe; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was reach; and is as followed); viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows;

Two A6s of Parliament* One noade m thp 18th 01 Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, imd the other in the First Year of the Reign of King Georgy the First, were read; whereby, it appears* that to? encouraging the Fisheries curried OH by His Majesty’*

British Subjects, exclusive of Foreigners; bat been the Object of the Legislature.

Then t9 shew that of late great Quantities of* tyhjto Herrings have been cured by the Swedes, and by them imported into Ireland, to tire great Detriment of fee British White Herring Fishery.

Samuel Turner.Eiqa'nx, produced toyour Canrnfefee*

Two Letters which be received, from a Merchant at Gottenburgh, dated the 2 5th of February)^, containing, au Account of several Cargoes of Herr jugs exported, from thence to Ireland and the Isle qfMan, amounting to 11,358 Barrels and a Half: And the Witncls fsfei.feo yholie Quantity of Herrings exported from Gotlcnburgh to different Ports thp lad Year, amounted to 172^;f Barrels and three Quarters*

That he received a letter, dated the 2d Day of th Instant March, with Directions to make an lpferatiCB on #50 Barrels from Gottenburgh to Cork.

Mr. Robert XnaraMerfhuut, confirmed Mr- Tymer’f Evidence; and added, that 30,000 Barrels more of White Herrings would have been exported ftom Gottenburgh lull Year, if they bad upt been AoPPdd

by the Frost. !.

That the Average Price of Herrings at Qatfepburghi is about 9 s.a Barrel, which contains 32 Callous; and the Number of Herrings in each Barrel is about

into. 1

That the Duty upon Foreign Herrings imported into Ireland, is is. 9 d- Barrel, half of which is drawn back upon Exportation.

That all kind of Herrings require to b« re-packed in order to purge them from the First Salt, otherwise they Me liable tp taint in long Voyages, particularly to fe* West Indies-, and that English and Scotch Herring^ when re-packed and re-fdted. are as good os the Swedijk Herrings.

That Scotch Herrings are feat tp Cork and «H Parts of Ireland, in great Quantities: Theft Ireland we# always supplied with Herrings from Scotland, til| wdfaip these Two Years, since which Time Scotland has not been able to supply half the Demand-'I hat the Price of Herrings in Scotland laid Year, was about 18s. a Barrel* aim the Duty upon these Herrings imported to Ireland, is about ltd, a Bajy rel; and that the Freight of Herrings from burgh to Ireland, is about 5 s. a Barrel, and that they areas good Herrings as the Brii{/h, end the Bertels are kurger.

That Herrings fell in the Wqft-Indies feom 40 r. to *C-5 a Barrel, and feat the Price fest Year, m Ire/and, was 35s.; that he has known Herrings which coll is. of gr. a Barrel m Scotlandfold in Irtfand for 12s. a Barrel; that the hnall Herring? feR fertile heft ftice^ and aee chiedy Cent to fee Wtft-Indm to feed feh Negnac*, at) tifeywiUkpafitho befe

/ That

,li

30* Marliu

1' A. 1764.

That it the Importation of Herrin£st6 Ireland, from Person or Persons, in Trust, -or by Way of Mortgage, Sweden was stoppbd iri a scarce Year, in Scotland there to make Conveyances of such Estates, by Order of the

’ would be no other Way to gpt. them, but from the IJl: vf titan.' '

: Richard Bradshaw,’ Esquire, being examined, said, He lived at Cork till lately, and had been concerned in thi^ Tr&de above 30'Years; that he never heard of the fwede's importing Herrings to Ireland till of late, except a' Ixnatl Quantity about Four Years ago, which were so fat and ill cured as not to be of any Use.

Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of the County Palatine of , of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act to enable Infants, who are seised of Lands, ' That there is Duty of about iorfi a Barrel upon Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of British Herrings imported info Ireland. Lancaster, or the Counties l’alatineof Lancaster,

.That the Herring.Fishery in Scotland has failed of lath; that the Shoals are shifted, and the Herrings don’t come till after Cliriftmas, when the Markets are over.

" That the Herrings caught on the Iri fit Coast are very good, and forne of them have been sent to the

or Durham, or the Principality of, Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person or Persons, in Trull, or by Way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Eliates, by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Indies] but neither the foreign nor Iri/lt are so good as Exchequer of the County Palatine of C'hsfter, the Court

the Scotch, becaiufe they are fatter That the Herrings cured iti Scotland, are salted with Erlgliftt; French, or Portugal Salt; but they are not welj cpred for want.of proper Sheds to keep them from the Jtaih: though these Herrings are often sent to the West-tndies:

v That Scotch Herrings are seldom fold for above 24 a Barrel, though last Year they sold at 30s. but now

of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great-Sessions in the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to AflJJana fell-for 21 f.; That when they ate re-packed and re- Order, a Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be tikm in fr felted, which costs about 6 s. a Barrel, they are better made use of in any of the Cotorts of the County Pala- than any other Herrings. tine of Durham: And the same was received; and.

..... ~ read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

That he never had received large Quanties of Her-Hhgs from Foreigners; but that about Four Years igb, in the Months of October and November, great Quantities of Herrings had been sent to Cork from Liverpool and the Isle of Man. Then,

Mr. Andrew Johnston, Clerk to Messieurs Trueman knd ‘Douglas, West-India Merchants,- informed your Committee, That" their' House had not been able

Offices

and

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieute- E"'rl°TW* nants, and Officers of the Militia; or others, who have omitted to register or deliver nu their Qualifications

this Year to.-ftipply half the Commissions they had for within the Time limited by Law*, and for giving farther Hertbigs-; thafthey had Orders for 1000 Barrels, but Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify. Members &Hitd only' supply 4O0 of them from Scotland. and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

U!'That their Correspondents in the West Indies give a Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be t*tefetetiee to the Scotch Herrings, as they are confi- stamped according- to the several Acts of Parliament derably cheaper than other Herrings: Last Year the now in force for that Purpose; or, having been llamped Price at Cork'was31s. ’ have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time

»< Reeftop Long; 'Eftpiire, Confirmed Mr. Johnston*sto provide Admissions, duly stamped; was read a Btflderiiej ‘as to the Cheapness of the Scotch Herrings; Second Time, and that when shipped from Ireland they were better, their being re-packed.

-Arif. Knox being again examined, said, That Herrings bought in Scotland at 23 V. a Barrel, will cost 34 V. in

Ireland-e That1 he fears' the Fishery in Scotland hns

foiled, Tor that since ‘the Importation of Swedish Her- House, upon the said Bill

ririgs into Ireland, there has not been any Scotch -, Herring» remain on'hand at Cork. ~ . Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefeated to the

Ordered, That the' said Report be referred to the House, by His Majesty’s Command.

Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. -Lift of all Warrants, Certificates,. and Accounts ' Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- exhibited before, or referred to; the Conumflioners ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole

Ate;

rr

,fc

lif

Exportation of Rice.

Mr. Custpresented to the House, according to Order,

-a Bill Tor granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice front His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America

appointed by His Majesty for examining and dating unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War iu Germain/: And also,

Abstract of Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for examining and dating unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for

Giim Itfprdii* I tie War in I Gcrminy.

to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the Expences incurred during the late War in,

. A__ _. 1-_ __ . A. I — . — T? . - A A. — - - i a. 13 m. ba. f*_^ M JL. Lk a. _ -3 i 1 ^-k. 1 m Ci XI VT M

Infants’ Efta'e* in the Dutchy of Lancaster, dec.

like Duty as is' nowepaid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refdlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Infants, who are seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester,

Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in tfee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other

on so much of the said drums and Demauds, as hare hitherto been liquidated:

Together with Copies of the said Reports; and a Schedule thereof

And the Titles of the said Lift and Abstract,. and the said Schedule, were read. - ,

Ordered, That the said Papers'do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amougftttlte other Papers of this Session....

R folred,

Account;

Sait exported to Athene*.

Importation

of

Foreign

Herrings.

Supply B;I1; American Duties.

4 Geo.IIL

, $o£

Ml 3

Refblved, Nemine ctmtradkente, ' P. 36.1. 37. After c{ Greenland^ to infeft i{ hud

That art humble Addressr bepreferited to His Ma- " EctMand"

jcfiy, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House* Arid tffe said Amehaments were, upon the Questioiv so; 1 Iis Care and Attention in appointingCoramtffioners feverafty put thereupon, Agreed to by the House: And for examining and finally liquidating all unfatjsfied the Bill Was ametided at thoTable accordm'gly.

Claims und Demands, oh Account of the late War in Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass.: And that die Titfo Gkrmctnii; and for the great Regard His Majesty has be; An Act for granting certain Duties in the British, thereby shewn, as well to the Interests as to the Repn- Colonies and Plantations in America; for ftmtinuing,' lation and Honour of these Kingdoms; and* to defrie^ amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the that Mis* Majesty will be graciously pleased to grVe Sixth Year of the Rfe/gnof his late Majesty King George Directions, that the further Proceedings of the Com- the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing missioners nuiy, from Time to Time, be laid before this and encouraging the Tr^dfc Of His Majesty’s Sugar CfcM Honfc. ionics in America; frit applying the Product of AiChi.

Ordered, That tiic said Address be presented to His Duties, and of the Duties tO krlfe by Virtue Of tlt& fii# Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Act, towards defraying the ExpenCe^ of deferiding, pro* Majesty's Moth honourable Privy Council. ' testing, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations;

; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Ordered, That ail Account be laid before this JTotzfe,1 Reign of sting Charles the Second, irit?tiile!d* An Act of all the Rriiish made Salt exported to His Mrijftty’s. for the Encouragement of the Prebila?id arid Eastland Colonies in America, from CkHJlma$i^6toClkiJbtds Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation 1763; distinguishing each Yeatf; and how inutti hath1 Trade; and for altering and difariowing feverat Draw^' been exported to New England; Newfoundland\ Port- backs on Exports from this Kingdom, and moreeffec-JUvania, and New York. ' tually preventing the clandfcftihe Conveyance of Goods

\ to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and

Ordered, That Samuel Turner, Esquire, do’ Upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of tfi£* whole House, to whom it is referred to cohfjder of the Report which was made frorii the Committee, to Whfrrn the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Glasgow, in behalf of themselves and many others*. His Majesty’s Subjects, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Knox do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Bradjhazd, Esquirp, do Attend file said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Juhnston do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Becston Long, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An ipgrofled Bill for granting certain Duties i*1 the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the belter securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America*, for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Aft1, towards defraying the Experices of defending, protesting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second^ intituled, fy\' Act for the Encouragement of tKe Greenland and Eafiland Trades, and for tire better securing: the Plantation Trade and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestirie Conveyance of Goods to and from said Colonies and Plantations, and, improving arid securing the Trade between the farrie and Great Britain; was read the Third' Time.

An ingrossed ClauTe was otfered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving further Time for Exportation of Calticoes, and allowing a Drawback thereon. '

And the said Clause was twee reaxT, with BlanksV which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; arid; upon the Questfon put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Farit Of the Bill, by1 Way of Ryder. ‘

Then the Amendments following‘ were' foverally prcK posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12.1. 18. After M Muffins,’Eto infect u ekcO|itas herein after is mentioned.’/

P. 36. 1. 36. ToMeaveout " Eastland a,rid.*

Volt 29.

improving and securing the Trade between the fam# and Great Brilefdi. ’

Ordered, That Mr* Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Gonxmrrerifce.

The Order of -the ,jh«yJbei®& rtfadr, for the Hohfe Supply to refclve itself intjo a? Committee of the Whrile Houseil Ijo confide* further Of the StippJy granted to Hfe Majesty; . , \: ;/

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of th£

Ir>tqreft upon the Principal Surris ax^udged tri be the Value of certain Tands, Tenements, and HereUitambntt in the Counties of KenG Suffix', and Southampton, upi>n which Forts and Batteries Jlafvfr been erected, from the 29th oi September 17^9, to the 24th 176# be

referred to the fed Committee. , ;:

Then the House tfefolved' itself iato thb- fed Cono# mittefe. > '

Mr, Speaker left the Chair, t . ;: j / uL

Mr. Aldermam Dickinfori took the Oftiit of tw Comiriltteei < t . -.*i ' r*

Mr. Speaker refomed the Ghairi , ! i/i

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from' the* CrirfH mittee. That they had* come td a ^Hefohitldnj which they had directed him to: reprirt; when thh House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Thfct the Reporttbe' rdc^fed^ripOTT Monday .;

Morning next. i .; »t .;ir: a: ’

Mr. A1 derman Dickinson al folaiCguairited the House* that hri Was directed by the Grihiniittee, tw nuive^ thhf they may ha^e Lea^ve to fit agaSn. - >

Resolved, That thik House will* upon M?7rifo^Morn=» ing next, resolve itself*iiltbl a Comibitfee of the WhoM Hotife, to Uonfider further of thb Supply granted tdHie Majesty.

uU|JUij gluiilvSl tv i AID Xflajyifcy j ‘ v # ,

Rejbhed, That tHfS House Will, upon Monday Morn-ihgn^xi,r(efolve itself into thbsaid Committed. (

The1 Hotife, according' to Order, refolybditself info V Whali Chmpiittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for cori4 ^cry* tlrining several Acts ^Tarlkni^rit made for the-En^ cdutagemerit of the; Whale Fishery carried on by I?s MajestyTs Subjects: . / 1

Mr: Speaker Irft’ thje Chair, k , . u

Mri! Aiderinari Dikkihjbn took the Chair of the Com-itilttee.

12 B w Mr*

ioi6 30° Martii — 2° Jprilis. A. 1764.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they' had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Whale Fi&ery.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hopfe, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulpli and River of Lawrence, and on the Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies iu America.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun<Zy 2*;

Anno 4* Georgii III"' Regis, 1764^ Prayers,

serve for the Counties of Sujffex, Wilts, York, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of David Godin was presented to the Oorfinv House, and read; Praying, That his Name may be.inserted in the Bill now depending for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for Cutting up and discontinuing a Gaslinpf Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands of the honourable George same Parker, in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; was read the Third,

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the honourable George Lane Parker to shut up a Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands-in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for extinguishing all Right to a certain Toll, which he now is intit led to in Two Lanes near the said Road or Way; and for obliging him to keep the said Lancs in Repair.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westbury A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fodofure. Jr\ Open and Common Field, Common Meadow,, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Mauor, Parish, and Liberties of Westbury, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third* Time.,

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pri 31.I. 38. After " Inclosures," to insert " Tythes ‘ . " of old Inclosures."

tv And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Waaahiended dtvthe Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coininon Field, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Westbury, in the County of Buckingham.'

Ordered, That Mr. Lozondes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Had of v- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Egranont’s to impower the Guardians of George Earl of Egremont, Lwfing. an In&nt, to eniiranchife certain Customary Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Cumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the said Earl; and also to impower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Estate, in the County of Cumberland, and to make Leases And Copyhold Grants of the several Etiates limited and-devised to them respectively by Charles Earl of Egremont, their late Father, deceased; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Bayntiui, Mr. Herne, Sir Alexander Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Nor they, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mordauht, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Jen-. nings, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Gray, Mr.

RoUe, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Lord

Tliomoiid, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Wood, Mr. Mr. Waller,

Mr. Fonereau, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cufi, Wir.Buller, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Lord

Grey, Mr. Grenville, Lord Fife, Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; and all the Members who

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more efllrtual E<iiub«j| Two several Acts, passed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh , and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow ,*

was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That that Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two several Acts, passed in the 24th and 28th Years of the Reign of his lute Majesty; for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramo?id Bridge, to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Norlheyreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Young, Esquire> in the County of Wills, inTrnftees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Money arising the reby, together with other Money of the said William Young, in the Purchase Of other Hereditaments, of greater value, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had. given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-r’efted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time, Rtjbltied, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

You of Efkc.

Mr. //<7rio7£/reported from the Committee, to whom WlncWfa the Bill for the better estab! idling a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually t

known under those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer; and for improving) regulating, andextending the MunufaftureofCambrick$ and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known under i

those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain, 1

called

4 Geo. Ill*

called England; was committed; 'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true? and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, ami the roll were agreed to by the House; and several , Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kiiaretbrvagh An ingrossed Bill for the better supplying the Town ' Watetworks. cf Knaresborough, and that Part of the Towndiip of Scriven with Tentergate, adjoining upon the (aid Town, with Water, was read the Third Time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Knarr/borough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tenter gate, adjoining upon the said Town, with Water.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Weller’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce. dissolve the Marriage of John Weller, Esquire, with Charlotte Wilson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-; Defies for the said Bill: and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill j if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *Jm0r’5 for vetoing Lands and Hereditaments in Great Britain rcti and Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barry* more, in Trustees, for raiflug Money towards pay ing and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting his real Estates, was read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WiU braham Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Kyr nqfton, \Jr. Dyson, Mr Hewett, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr-Shijfher, Lord Orwell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cust, Mr-Staunton, Mr. Wood, Mr. Honeywood, Sir William Cod-qington, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Grofjenor, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. HuJIce, \jovdHany Powlett, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. HoU, Nlv. Gray, Mr. JBuller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir John ElzveU, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; and all the Members who ferye for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Stafford, and York; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Doncaster An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Re-Small Debts, coverjr of Small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places within the said Borough; was read the Third Time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title VoL. 29.

16,if

be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery o{

Small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets,1 Lanes, and other Open Passages ana Places; within the said Borough.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency

Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, tef whom jjaffivm the Bill to enable the Mayor and Aldertnen of the Walden Town of Saffron Walden; in the County of Essex; the £*chang*. Guardians or Trustees of King Edward the Sixth’s Alms-houses there, and other the Ffeoffees thereof, to.

convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions of the said Alms-houses to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and hi*

Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value; to be conveyed to, and held by them to the Uses and upon the Trusts therein mentioned; and for vetoing Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, id Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, ftnd his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to tile House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thef Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ’ and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Quefliort severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be’ ingrossed.

Mr. Hujke reported from the Committee, to whom Warkw6r£ the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Inclosure. mon Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands lying, within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Warkworth, in the County of Northampton, Was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Lands in Xing's Sutton, who are entitled to the First Crop of about Ten Acres, in the Meadow, who all refused to sign the Bill (except William Carfy wrig/it, Esquire) and said they had no Objection, but that their Property was so small, it would be difficult to divide it; and except One Half of the Inhabitants of the Chapelry of Body colt, who are inti tied to Right of Common on about Seven Acres of Meadow, after the First Crop is taken off, who refused to sign the Bill, for fear they should have no Allotment in lieu thereof; and the Inhabitants of Middleton, who have Right of Common in Warkworth Meadow, after the First Crop is taken off. Eight of whom refused tohgn, but said they would not oppose the Bill; and also exqept the Proprietors of about Four Acres in the said Fields, who refused to sign, but made no Objection; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be. inclosed, confiiis of . about 1,700 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

th en-

torjr

2° jrfpritis.

.1764. \

Affidavits taken in the County of Durham.

then a Second Time* One by One; and, upon the Question severally pnt thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed' to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aComniitt<u of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply

SuppY-

use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Com-

Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vane, Mr. Skafto, Lord Strange, Mr. Raby Vane, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Attorney General, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ridley, Mr. wcli, Mr. Ruller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. For-

mittee had directed him to report to the House; which' he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing,

refer. Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George Savile, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Interest

\ //> It /J \ \ m i 4 / . \ f m 4 I Ot M 1 Tf >// / ytns r\» 4* 1 \ A 1 * 1 tA A I A 1% A A t /I % A til* nTtl* M

Mr. Tou'n/hend, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Montagu, Sir Waiter Blackelt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. , Mr.

Lawrence; and all -the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Westmoreland, Cumberland, York, and Lancafiet 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five -of the Clock, in the Speaker’# Chamber.

Chancery

Accomptant

General.

of the several principal Sums, to be paid in pursuatice of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty‘s Reign, for the Purchtvfe of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, from the 29th Day of September 1759, the Time the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments were made use of for the Purposes aforeliud, to the An ingrafted Bill to impower the Lord Chancellor, 24th Day of June 1764. or Lord Keeper, or the Commissioners of the Great 1 he laid llefokrtion being read a Second Time,

Seal for the Time being, to lay out so much of the Was, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed to by the deed Stock in the Bank of England, of the Money of House.

Suitors in the Court of Chancery, as will be sufficient

to raise a Fund to pay an additional Clerk in the Office The House was moved, that the First of the Re-Fo1^ of the Accomptant.General of the said Court, was read solutions which, upon Thursday the 22dDay of March g"'co4k the Third Time. last, were reported from the Committee of the whole

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title House, to whom it was referred to consider further of be. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery the Supply granted- to His Majesty; and which Refo-to lay out, upon proper Securites, a further Sum of frition was then agreed to by the House; might be

again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly*, and is as followeth; viz.

" Refoh'td, That the Sttfn of Five hundred and

Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for applying the Intersil arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant Forty-five Pdnhds, Fifteen Shillings, be granted to General of the said Court. " His Majesty; to enable the Commissionera Appointed

Supply Bill; Fishery.

Exportation of Rice.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bifl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

; 1 \

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a "Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint Laterence, and on the Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. OJioald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South

4C

k€

cc

by virtue of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act , for vetting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the find Coasts, in Trustees, for certain Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to make Cgrm- penfotioto' to the several Owners add Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, and 1 tereditament^ in Ihe Counties of Kent; Svjex, and Southampton) as have " been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the " said Act, and for Damages done to the Lands ad* 4* jacent." «'

Ordered, That A Brfl be brought in upon the fad Resolution, atnd also vrpoiv the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, tA whom It was referred to consider. further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Earle, and Sir Edward Winnnington, do prepare, and bring irt, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according toOrdCr, reported

Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the to the Southward of the said Provinces subject to the * Bill for continuing several Acts of Paslianicnt rriade fot like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on l>v

Wlrlr

Fite*'

from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finifie, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

14

His MajestyTs Subjects, was committed, the Ameivi-ments which the Committee had madeAo the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

Geo. III.

s.

delivered the Bill* with ‘ the Amtfqduiehts' in at the to the Interests its to ’ the Reputation at)d Honour of Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once these Kingdoms; and to desire that His Majesty will read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by be graciously pleased to give Directions, that, the further

Offices

and

Employments.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That -die. Order of the Day, for the House

Proceedings of the Com mi (boners may, from Time to; Time, be laid before this House; had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to expressHis Thanks to this House for this frefoMark of their Duty to Him; afld commanded him to acquaint this House,- that He will give Directions, for

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, laying the further Proceedings of the said Commit*'

upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify theinfelVes for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia,:.or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law* and forgiving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and House; and he read the Report in his Place; andaf-,

1 1^ r I 1 _ L I. 1 % L. 4 *% #1 /N1 <4 A- i K A 4 Ik 1 It I# 1 rw Iv 1 9 ll /MlH

sioners* from Time to 'rime, before this lloufo;

Mr, Ofioald reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel Touchet, of Merchant,

was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and had directed hith to report a State thereof to the

Touchy'* Expence* at denegti-

W ;.U > !k

I".-

*; C

Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose; or, having been stamped have been loft, or millaiti;, and for allowing the ni'Tinie to provide Admissions duly stamped; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;"

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to' receive a Clause, or Clause^.tpr preventing the Destruction of Trees, Underwood, and Covert growing upon the Forests and Chafes within this Kingdom.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ‘:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s -.'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz.

A State Of the Matter of Fad contained imthe laid, Petition is as follows;

Mr. Thomas Camming being examined, mformed your Committee, That having been acquainted with the Cum Coall of Africa, by trading the re in Person for some Years before the breaking out of the late War, and with* the Desire of the Native Moor inhabiting that Coast to the Northward of the River Senegal of having a Trade. opened with them for Gum; and having obtained a. Charter from the Moorish King, for an ekclulive Trade in Gum, from which the Briti/k Subjects had for many Years been excluded, by colour of a Title let up by the French to the whole Gum Trade, by means of their Possession of the River and* Fort of ;-.

and being likewise acquainted by the said Natives, with, the weak Situation of the said Fort and Polls within the River, and of their Willingness to assist in the Reduction of them; he did, in about Three Days after the Declaration of the late War, acquaint Mr*. Secretary Fox with- such his Information, and proposed a Plan for the Reduction of the said Fort and Settlements in the River Senegal.

Which Evidence, so far- id relates to the Transactions on the Coast of Africa, was confirmed by Cap-

Supiilv Bill; Mr. 'yenktnfon presented to the House, aoooording

Baok to Order/a* Dill for establishing an Agreement with tain Elijah Gough. jreement. jjie Governor -and Company of the Bank of England, Mr. Cummins added, That Mr. Secretary Fox re-’ Tor raising ceftSWl Sums of Money towards the Supply ferred him to Lord Halifax and Lord Anfbn-, and, for t he Service of the Year 1764; and for more eifednal- upon Lord Temple’s being appointed First Lord of ly preventing tlflfforging Powers to transfer such Stock, the Admiralty, he applied to him, and to Mr. Fill, or repcive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein then Secretary of State, and again afterwards to Lord mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners Anjbh; and that in Consequence of Propositions made thereof: And the same was received, and read the First by him to Mr. and Lord Anson, a Design was

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities, granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties Therein mentioned to the said

formed to attack the French Forts and Settlements in the River Senegal. And the said Thomas Cumming then received the most satisfactory Afluranees, both verbal and in Writing, that, if the Attack succeeded, he should have his bell Assistance for an exclusive Charter, for a limited Term of Years; and that in Conversation with Mr. Pitt, he proposed the Term of Fourteen Years, which Mr. Pitt said was very reasonable; but, as Mo-

T

M-.:-

Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said nopoly was an ugly Word, he hoped lie would be con Annuities, as are granted for a certain Term of Years ‘ " ’ 0 ' 'l ’’ ' ': L

irredeemable, with, other Annuities granted by an Act

Eaffed in the Second Year of, His present Majesty’s leign t And the same was received; and read* the First Time-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

War in

‘Germany.

Sir John Philipps reported to the House, that their

tented with Seven, at the Expiration of which, he would be the First Man to move for a Prolongation of the Charter for Seven more.

That the Witness would not have taken One hundred thousand Pounds for the Profits of this Trade, for Seven Years.

And from Mr. Gough’s Evidence it appeared, that Three hundred Ton of Gum might be purchased an-

Address of Friday lad, to return His Majesty the nually on the Coast, and in the River, if you had an. Thanks of this House, for His Care and Attention exclusive Trade, for Ten Pounds a Ton, Duties in-m appointing Commissioners for examining and finally eluded, besides.Slaves, Gold, and Ivory, liquidating all unsatisfied Claims and Demands, on Mr, Cummins further said, That besides thy naval Account of the late War in Germany, and for the Force-proposed to be sent by Government, a Number great Regard His Majesty has thereby shewn, as well of Vesselsi of a small Draught of Water, having apw VOL.29. 12 C peared

e

Touebet’# Etptnces at Senegal*

1020 2* ApHlti; . 1764 - i

peaked necessary fop this Expedition; he did, with the Approbation of Lord Avfon, apply to the Petitioned to furuiili the fame; and in order to induce him thereto,' produced Mr. Secretlry Pitt's letter, promising his bod Aflrftance to procure an exelufrve Charter for a limited Term of Vears, in case Succefe attended the Expedition; and agreed that the Petitioner should be intituled to a Moiety of the Profits.

- Mr. John Hutchinson, a Ship Broker, said, That by Directions of the Petitioner, lie bought and fitted out Five Vessels of a final! Draught of Water, adapted to the Purpose of passing a Bar; and that in order to keep this Armament as focret as possible, the Petitioner omitted to take out Letters of Marque for the Ships, and cleared them out*as if for different Ports; and ordered them to rendezvous where directed; which, by Mr. Marsh's Evidence, appeared to be at the Canaries.

Mr. Cnmjping informed your Committee, That this

Armament proceeded to attack Senegal, and in attempting to pass die Bar, One of the Petitioner’s Vessels was loft, but the Four others, with a Buss belonging to His Majesty, got over, and with the Marines, and some Sailors taken from on board His Majesty’s Ships, repulled the Enemy’s irmed Vessels and final! Craft; whereupon the Fort capitulated.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Captain Francis Steene, Mailer of One of the Petitioner’s Vessels, called the Union; who added, That the Union wm the head-

word Vessel, and repuifed the Enemy’s ftnall Craft' within the Bar, before any 01 hers could come to her Aftiltance; and that in his Opinion, the landing of the Marines from the Talbot, another of yonr Petitioner's Vessels, and from the , was the lieafon

of the French capitulating so soon.

And Major Mason, the commanding Officer of Marines, said, that the Loss of the Talbot, in passing the Bar, was of great Service, as it. landed the Men just in the Place that was to be wiilied.

John Mot tier, late Book-keeper to the Petitioner, produced an Account of the Outfit of the Five Vessels employed in the Expedition to incfudiugGoods

on board the Swan and Ranger, Two of the said Vessols, together with what was paid John for

Pilotage, as per Receipt, amounting to Ten thousand Two hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny; ou the Credit Side of the same Account, tfas allowed for the Sale of the Ships Swan and Banger, together with the Goods on board the said Ships, at the prime Coll, Four thousand One hundred ami Forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence, so that Pi lore remained a Balance on the Account, due to the Petitioner, Six thousand and Seventy-five Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence; and by a Memorandum at the Bottom of the said Account it was tinted, that, the Three remaining Vessels were thus difpuled of, tux. the Talbot, One of them, was funjc going over the Bar of the River; the Union was put in Commission, and left for the Defence of the Fort; and the Swift was employed in fetching Provisions for the Camion.

Your Committee observing, that the Goods on board the said Ships were dated on the Credit Side of the said Account, at prime Coll only; and being d’efirous to know what Profit or Lois had arose On the said Good*;

Mr. Moltin' acquainted the Committee, That he had

made a ftriet Examination into the Petitioner’s Books; and that it appeared from t hem, that, the original Coll of the said Goods was Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Nineteon Shillings and Seven Pence; and the Produce of the said Goods was Three thousand Si* hundred and Seventy-four Pounds One Shilling and Ton Pence; so that the Profit arising xipon tier Sale of the said Goods, was Forty-eight Pounds Two.Shilling's and Three Pence.

Anfl Not ice being tak^n of the Smajlness oftlie PrdBf,’"irn arising from so large an Adventure; "

Mr. Oliver, Supercargo for Mr. said. That

not above Six hundred Pounds worth of Goods was employed in Trade, of which Returns were {mended for England", and that out of the Returns of the said Six hundred Pounds, Twenty Tons of Gum and Two FJephant* Teeth, were loft in a Schooner in the River, arid Twenty Tons more fjsoilt in the ilL/nd ol Ijovis for want of< Warehouse Room; and she Wit nets said for ther. That the rest of the said Goods were all laid out, either in the Purchase of freflv PFovision.% by the positive Order of the Governor, Mr. Majbn, or delivered over to the Agent Vidtusiller.

The latter Part of which Evidence was confirmed by the said Governor Mafonwho said Ite-gave Orders to fell the Goods intended for Trade for Provisions, which the Agent was unwilling to do; but he infilled upon his felling the Goods at any Rate, (orwithont it the Gnrrifon mull have flam'd; and that he mull have quitted his Couquest for Want of Provisions, had it not been for tho Goods carried out for Trade by the Petitioner’s Vessels, and so applied for the Purcluife of Provisions. And,

Mr. Moilier acquainted the Committee. That the said Three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-four Pounds One Shilling and Ten- Pence included the whole Produce of those Two Cargoes, after all their Circulation, wherever they weut, as well the Provisions sold to the Garrison, as the Return of the Goods fold in the River.

It being also observed by your Committee, that no Allowance was made in the said Account for Freight of Gum by the Ship Swan;

Mr. Charles Brett, One of the Agents for the Prizes, informed your Committee, That Two hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence hud been paid to Mr. Touchet, by Mr. Vaughan, a Broker, for Freight of Prize Gum from Senegal, in the Sloop Swan. And,

Mr. Mottier being examined as to this Point, said. That he did not know of any Money being received on account of Freight. And the Petitioner, on the next Examination, informed your Committee, that he had examined Mr. Vaughan’s Account, and found'he had given him Credit lor that Sum, and admitted the faitie. And,

Mr. Charles Brett being again examined, produced* Receipt for the lame.

And it being further observed, tlr.it no Allowance was made in the said Account for Prize Money, the Agents for the Prizes produced a Deed of Releaic; by which-it appeared, that the Petitioner, and the Five Masters of the said Vqflels, in behalf of themCelvoi and the Marinors on board the said Vessels, bad recc1 vcrerl the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, as a Compo-fitron for their Prize Money.

And the Agent for the Petitioner produced an Account of the Distributiou of the said Four thousand Pounds; by which it appeared, Four hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence was paid for Law Charges, Otic hundred Pounds for Dh-count, One bundled Pounds to the Petitioner for his Commissiuii, Eight hundred and Phrty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence to the Mailers and Mariners for their Proportion, One thousand Two liuudred amt Sixty-onc Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence to Mr. Cummins for his Moiety d£ the nett Proceeds, aid One thousand Two hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Penoe to -the Petitioner dor Ins Share. And,

Mr. Gofting, a Proctor, informed your 'C<on«wttee, That he was employed to prosecute the Agent dor Prizes, for the Recovery of this Money. And,

Mr. Charles Griffin, fiook-keeper to you/'Petitioner, informed your Committee, t!«t the Captains and Mariners

v ft i

s.

JjL

4 Geo. III.

Jpnilis.

10

bh

-t* Exp*»te*«t

board the Five Ships received their Wages, as tfett (# their Share of the Prize Money.

* The Agent for the Petitioner produced a Copy of a Petition, which had been presented to His Majesty; and a Member present acquainted your Commil lee,

The Lords have agreed to the I?ill* intituled, An Act for continuing One MftfetV of the Duties* 'grained by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King lYilliatnthe Third, for the Repair of Haiitour,

and which have heen, by several ollter Acts, continued

Rve

H.tfeour.

that he was One of the Committee of thei Company of till the'Twelftlt Day of One thoul'aml? Seven hun-Merchants trading to Africa; and that they had, Jail dred and Sixty-five; and for applying the same to cotn-Year, been acquainted with the Application on the Part pieting and Keeping in ’Repair the ilarbour of Rye, in of the Petitioner, for an exclusive Charter, by 'the the County of Suffbz-, and for more effectually Corn-Traders to Africa, in Consequence of which an unani- pieting and keeping in Repair the said Harbour; with-mous Kesolution was come to take every Measure to out any Amendment: And also, oppose such Grant; which was accordingly done, by The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, Au Petition against it. Act for firpplying the Borough tnid Town of in

And by a Paper presented to the House by the Board the County of , With fresh and wholesome

of Trade, and referred to your Committee, it appeared, Water, without any Ametfdmfent t And also, that the Attorney and Solicitor General had given their The Lords have agreed tb the' Bill, intituled, An Act Opinion as follows; for amending arid widening the Road in the'

That the Legislature having, by the Statute of County of to the Town of Done after in the said

23d George the Second, enacted a Freedom of Trade County, without any Amendment: And also, in Africa\.o ail His Majesty’sSubjects, toall Places with- The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act

in the Limits mentioned in that Act, the King could to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, not make an exclusive Grant of the-Trade to Senegal, paded in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late which is a Place Iving within those Limits, although Majesty, for repairing the 'Road between the Town of H is Majesty might either retain the Soil, Forts, and Hull anti the Town of in the

Dependencies of that newconquered. Settlement in East Riding of the Count y of York; and for repairing H is own Post’eflkm, or grant them, at. His Pleasure, to the Road from Netdand Bridge to the West End of the the Parliamentary Trustees of the old Forts and Settle- Town of in the said Riding; without any

xnents, or to others, as He should think mollproper, Amendment: And also,

the Act not veiling any subsequent Conquells or Ac- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An quisitions in the Trustees, in Prejudice of the King’s Act for repairing, widening, and keeping iti Repair Bight: That the Agents being informed of this Fast, the 1 ligh Roads leading in the County of

Mr. Touche t's Solicitor desired that no particular Day through Carter's Lane, to a certain Place in the

might be appointed for hearing the Matter of the Petition as to the Point of Law, before the Attorney and Solicitor General, in order that his Client might halve an Opportunity to consider further of it

Wigan

Waterworks.

Tinsley

Road.

Kingslbn upon Hull to

Beverley

Road.

A1 fit ton* frc. Road.

Town of Mansfield called Slackw; and from the Bridle-

gate, at the Division of the Liberties of and

Hucknall, through t he Town of Suttoii in to t he

Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python

The House was moved, that the said Petition might Hill, in the Forest of in the County of Not-

be again read.; without any Amendment: And also,

And the fpme was read accordingly. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Act for amending and widening the Rond from the

That the (hid Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yea* went forth.

Mr. Fuller, 7

[Sir William Codringtqn:}

Tellers for the Yeas

South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleajley, in the county of ; and also the Road from the North

End of the said Town of , into the present

Turnpike Hoad on the East Side of Park, in

the said County of without any Amendment:

And also.

So it passed in the Negative. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Act for coutmuing and enlarging the Term and Powers That the said Rej>ort be referred to the Consideration of an Art, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, A11 referred to cofilider further of the Supply grained to His Art for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale

Rotherham through W hi lion Road*

Tellers for the Noes

C Mr. Oftvald,

’(Sir Edicard:

45-

7*-

V' 1 apply Bill; y y linking

Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

l,llersforU,eV,as.^;o<;y;. J J5.

Te.ler.lbr he ,{ 4-

So it was resolved in the Affirpiafive'.

A Message from the l^ords, by Mr- Edwards and

Mr. Anguifii:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to Burnley, in the County of Land after, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining,*allotting, and inclosing the open Fields and Pasture- Ground, in the l^ordship of in

HoUteniefs, in the County of York, without any Amend? ineut: And also,

' The Lords have pafl'cd a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Kock; to which the Lords desire the Conc urrence of this l louse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Iirponstien

Rochdale

to

Burnley

Road.

Aldborough

Inclosure.

Kock’f

Nat.

Fund.

for granting to His Majesty a certain Siitti of Money to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Provisioi<»

out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service1 of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; hud for preventing, in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bill,‘Ticket*, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also, Vql. 2J). ‘ -

upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice ofjl is Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, in Inch a Manner as the Xeceflity of the Time may require, and as He in His Wisdom shall think convenient and needful;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That tins I loyle will, upon Friday Moruing next, re-

: ioli«

1012

('fandestine

Marriages.

\V«stminster

having.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

A. 1764.

solve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon . '

3* die;

A'tftio 4* Georgii IIIUI Regi<, 1704.

r* "* ’

V £ R $ v '

ingroQ&l Hill from the Lords, intituled, An TownW So it passed in the Negative. il Act ioVTettTipg tl\e Estate of Henrietta Pe- £u*-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. reg Wife of Esquire,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. according to certain Articles of Agreement, executed

Mr. Kynafontook the Chair of the Committee. ‘ before her Intermarriage with the said James,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. but subject to the Charges and Incumbrances atTecting

M r. Krputjivn reported from the Committee, That they the fame, was read a Second Time, had gone through the Hill; and made several Amend- Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. ments thereunto; which they had directed him tore- field. Lord Burghcrth, Mr. Bur, burl}. Lord Charles port, when the House w ill please to receive the same. Sp, Mr. Bo freer ie, Colonel Bane, Mr. Shiftier, Ordered, That the Report be received upon Weduef-Colonel Seal/, Mr. 'Touchet, Mr Mr

cloy Mo riling next. croMr. Cujf, M r. Biiller, Mr. JYhichcot, Mr.

Fn, Sir John Phd/pps, Mr. Sir Francis

1 he Ol der of the Day being read, for the House to Vincent, Mr. Rice, Sir Thomas, Mr,

resolve itself into a Committee of (he whole House, upon Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Mr. Plump! re,

the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Mr.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- H, Sir Robert Ladhroke, Mr. Holt, Mr. tituled, An Aftfol- the better preventing of clandestine woMr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages herMr. Gray, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels, under moMr. and all the Members who fer*e a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove for the Counties of Essex, and Middle-

all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning fix: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized in that the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or beyond the

Seas; An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road Bn---

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve from Bramcote Odd House, in the County Odd H

of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County * whole House, upon the said Bill. of Derby, and from 11a/Jack Lane End to m

the said County of Derby; and from Trowed, ii) the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham-, Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ex- wan read the Third Time.

plain, amend, and render more effectual Two several The Amendment following was proposed to be made Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third to the Bill;

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prving, Pr. 10. 1.zG. 27. To leave out ‘ami also between cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes IlLane End and Bramcote Odd within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parillies And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

of St. Giles in the Fields, St. George the Martyr, St. put thereupon,-agreed to by the House: And (he Bill George, Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of St.An- was amended at the Fable accordingly.

drews, Holborn which lies in the County of Middlesex, Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County Bramcote Odd HouJ'e, in the County of to

of Middlesex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; ttydCrofs Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Derby, and from llkestone to the Towns of and

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Shipley, in the said County of; and from

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee. in the County of Nottingham, to tire Town of Xotting-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ham.

Mr: Kynaston reported from the Committee, That Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to the they had gone through the Bill, and made several Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the Sir Charles Frederick prefeuted to the House, accord- For, lame. ing to Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed- Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have nesday Morning next. been purchqfed upon the Sea Courts in the Counties of

Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Bat-Thc other Orders of the Day being read; teries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts,

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Wednesday in pursuance of an Act passed in the ad Year of the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted therein mentioned; And the same was received; and to His Majesty. read the First Time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be rea<j, a Second Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday *'

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the An Logrolled Bi)j for widening and repairing the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Road leading from in the County of Derby, Rui

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from

Sheffield and to Derby, at or near a PiacQ

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow called O/iancood was read the Third Time.

4 Morning, Nine of the Clock. The Amendment following was proposed to be made

to the Bill;

the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. - *

Te"'rs for ",e Y«"> I mJ:: I

IS.

24.

-P. R A A N

Pr. ii.

4 Geo. III. 3° Ak

Pr. 12.I. 22. To leave out " near" and insert " within the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile from."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resulted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derbyat or near a Place called

Openwood Gate; and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cardiff Sir Edmund Thomas reported from the Committee, to Road*. whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff., and several other Towns and Places in the County o f Glamorgan, was committed, That the Committee haid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aSecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Waggon Ways cross the Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kock’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Mat. Act for naturalizing Henry Kock, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Scots Dyke An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the through ’ Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by Langholm or through the Villages of Langholm and Hazoick, to Road. Haremofs, in the County of Roxburgh, was read the

Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ii. 1. i. To leave out " the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them," and insert any Two Justiices of the Peace for the said respective Counties," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; -and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening-the. Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremq/i, in the County of Roxburgh.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Supply Bill; Mr. Oswald, according to Order, reported from the Whale ’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fitherv. the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint Laicrence, and on the Coasts of His' Majesty’s Colonies in America, was committed, the Vol. 29.

britis. 1023

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrotTed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned, relating to British Sail Goth, and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gun Powder; and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America-, without any Amendment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Laws Act to continue several Laws, for the better regulating Te!?!!n8 ft> of Pilots for conducting of Ships and VelTeh from Dover, Deal, and Iste of Thauet, up the Rivers of and Medway, relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the BriLifhSugar Plantations before the Duties of

Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed.or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Refief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and of granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth;

Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, mid navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Floodgates, Sluices, or other Work* belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ZecoputMce* Act for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances ef-streated into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, with* Exchequer, out any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the offices

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to and indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments'; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omittea to register, or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose A<f-missions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been loft or mriflaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend1-ments were Once tead throughout; ami then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques* tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrossed.

A Bill for establishing. an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bauk of England for raifrng Agreement.

12 D . certain

10^4 3° — 4 A. 1764.

certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof; was read a Second Time.

JBefolved.That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for charging on the Sinking Fund certain An-S)Puod8 nu‘t*es granted by an Act, passed in the Firfi Year un of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the

Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved!, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

War in Mr Jenkinfonpresented to the House, pursuant to Germany, their Address to His Majesty,

N° 2. Abstract of Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for examining and stating unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late ^Var in,

on so much of the said Claims and Demands as have hitherto been liquidated:

Together with Copies of the said Reports; and a "Schedule thereof.

And. the Title of the said Abstract, and the said

Schedule were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper* do lie upon the Table,

to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Clandestine The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Marriage*. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty king- George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages, and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized in that Part of Great Britain called , or beyond the

Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refute."'! the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverat Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be how received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

16

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Frjudi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act made in the 5th Year 1 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for obviating Inconveniences which may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Kfex;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to - of consider of the Report which was made from the Com- Hetwigi mittee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Glasgow, in behalf of themselves and many others. His Majesty’s Subjects, tvas referred;

Resolved, That this House-will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the E»p«una» whole House, upon the Bill for granting, for a limited 0 RlC£" Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and , directly to any

Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Export tation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finijlcrre.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Tmonjhend be added to the Gen- Atwto tlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for ascertaining and regulating, in what Cafes, and under what Restrictions, Letters and Packets shall be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moming, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

K\A VID Godin.took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bof*«rr'! and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common *nc',fOT-Meadow's, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of llujburuls Bofevorth, other wise -

worth, in the County of Eeicester, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved,

Googh

4 Geo. III. 4

Womb well Inclosure.

l

Winchelsea Cambriclt and Lawn

Manufactory.

\ Bedford Charity.

-1

- -i

Portsca

SlfCCtS.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Common Fields, Common Paftnrcs, Common Mea- the Amendments were once read throughout; alld then dows. Common Grounds, and Wjifte Grounds, in the a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question fe-Parish of Hujhands Boficorlh, otherwise Borfexoorth, in veraJIy put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, the County of Leicester. and the rest Mere agreed to, by the House; and ah

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Palmer do carry the Bill Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. O, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor of The House being informed, that Mr; Rome, from the Wombwell', in the County of York, was read the Third Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Time. Door; he was called in; andt at the Bar, presented to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title the House, pursuant to their Orders, be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or An Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum Accosaut Waste Grounds within the Manor of IVombwell, in the imported, from Midsummer 1763 to Christmas 1763: Rum and

County of York. And also, Spirin.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the An Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits, of Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Manufacture of North Britain, exported, from Clirfjt-

tnas 1756 to Christmas 1763: And also,

An ingrossed Bill for the better establishing a Manu- An Account of the Seizures of Spirituous Liquors factory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the and Teas, made by Excise Officers in from

Kind usually knoM'n under those Denominations, now ill January 1763 to 5th January 1764. carry ing on at Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer; and And then he withdrew.

for improving, regulating, and extending the Manufac- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

ture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind O, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

usually known under those Denominations, in that Part Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

of Great Britain called England; was read the Third The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Time. Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better establishing a Manufactory of The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, m Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at-known under those Denominations, now carrying on tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the at Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer-, and for im- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their proving, regulating, and extending the Manufacture of Orders,

Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually An Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum Hm- Ditto, known under those Denominations, in that Part of ported into Scotland, from Midsummer 1763 to the 5th Great Britain called England. of January 1764: And also.

Ordered, That Mr. Harborddo carry the Bill to the An Account of the Number of Gallons of Rum ex-

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ported from Scotland, from Midsummer 1763 to the

5th of January 1764: And also,

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to An Account of the Number of Gallons of Spirits, wl^om the Bill for enlarging the Charitable Uses, ex- of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from tending the Objects, and regulating the Application of Scotland, from 5th January 1756 to 5th January 1764; the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir Wit- distinguishing each Year: And also.

Ham Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity into Scotland, from Russia, from the 5th of January of the Town of Bedford, was committed; That the 1754 to the 5th of 1764; distinguishing each

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Year: And also,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties An Account of all Seizures of Spirituous Liquors* concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Wines, and Teas, made in that Part of Great Britain Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- called Scotland, or on the Coalts thereof, since the ill tee had gone through the Bill, and made several of January 1763, to the 20th March 17G4; distih-Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him guishing those made on Shore from those on Float; to report to the House; and he read the Report in also those made by His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the from such as have been made by the Vessels belong-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ing to the Custom-house; and also an Account of such Amendments were once read throughout; and then Ships or Vessels, as have been seized, condemned and a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- burnt within the said Time, by virtue of any LaWs tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the relating to the Customs.

I loufo. And then he withdrew. ....

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

ingrossed. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynqston do make the Report from The said Accounts are preforved amongst the other

the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving Papers of this Session.

of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuifauces,

and other Annoyances, in that Part of the Parish of Mr. Elliot presented to the House, according to Or- Importation' Por/fea,. in the" County of Southampton, commonly der, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation ol ^'mp’ called PortJ’mouth Common, was committed. of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Com- Majesty’s Colonies ia America: And the same was mittee. That the Committee had examined the Al- received; and read the First Time, legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the such Lands and Hereditaments, as have been purchased; on the VOL. 2g. Upon Se*

102 6 40 Aprilis. A. 1764.

upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Salt imported A Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Pro-from Europe vinces of Quebec ip Am> for a limited Time, was read.SecMdTiwe.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Affidavit! Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom taken in the the Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made <Duthun^ *n aDy *he Courts of the County Palatine

of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosseefc.

Exportation Mr. Kynajloh, according to Order, reported from of Rke. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe fttuate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments.were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Paving. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, andrendermore effectual, Twofeveral Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and I^anes, within the City and Liberty of , the Parishes

of Saint Gl/er in the Fields, Saint the Marty r, Saint

George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrews, Holboum ,which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancqjtcr which lies in the County of Middlesex j and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they, had directed >4

him to report to the I louse; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabje: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, ini-powering the Commissioners to bring Actions in certain Cafes, without waiting for the Report of their Surveyors.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the 1 louse, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ln Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, t he several Laws now in bring relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted, in this uj

Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the 0% Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An s«pph 2; Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Beaver Sldns imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu 80,5 thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed m in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Cits Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Car/ord, in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An GWk Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of P" the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor b-in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tall Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, £.« of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads 5 Rat therein mentioned, in the county of ; aDd also lor amending and widening the 'Road from the Sign of the Horfi Shoe in Uckingten to Lonsner Green; and also

‘ - from

4 Geo. III.

4

1027

from the West End of Atcham Bridge, to the Cross Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenettienls; Hovfes upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road in the or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of Lancaster, or the

Whitby

Roads.

Sam ford Poor.

Bofmere

and

Claydon

P<x*.

Whitby

Streets.

Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One Or more other Person or Persons, in Trail, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates, by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster i of the Court of Chancery

said County; without any Amendment; and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Midleton, in the County of York, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of in the Hundred of Sam/ord, in the County of Suffolk :,the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales-, without without any Amendment: And also, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Act for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of in the Hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of County of Suffolk, without an Amendment: And also, His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An An Act to amend and render more effectuat several Act for paving, repairing, and cleaning the Streets, Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets Lanes, Allies, and public Passages within the Town of the Town of Kingston upon and for prevent-

of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing ing Annoyances therein; Without any Amendment: Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regn- And. also,

lating the Carriages, Cartmen and Porters there; with- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An out any Amendment: And also. Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon, and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

Newnham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tndofure. Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds and Waste Ground* of and in the Manor

Irtfants’ £state« in the Datchv of Lanca fieri &c.

Everdon

Inclosure*

the Wardens and Commonalty of the My fiery of Mercers of the City of Lojidoh, withoiit any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Athevstone, in the County of and

all the Lands, Meadows and Grounds within the same, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Biancepeth

Inclosure.

Ledger’!

Aflibjr

Inclosure.

and Parish of Newnham, in the County of Northampton, Pre*?nt Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued

- within any of His Majesty s Colonies and Plantations

in America, from being made legal Tender in Payments of Money, and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit os have been already issued there: And that Mr. Rice, Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Baker, Sir William Meredith, and Mr. Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stoke Albany " ladefure.

American

J Duties.

b'->‘

SJV ' iV*

j'1

tL

fr-

Bi'

without an Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Crook and within

the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inqlofing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers Ashby, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies Colony and Plantation; and the respective Times when'

and Plantations in America-, for continuing, amend- ——

ing, and making perpetual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of lus late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better fe-

curing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s ^__________

Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce appropriate for that Purpose.

of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of Ordered, That the said Addrest be presented to His tl»e said Act, towards defraying the Expences of de- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His fending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

0"

i'

r

if

t

P

r

and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the 2 5th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eftfiland Trades, and for the better feeuring the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing

Mr. Dvfon presented to the House, according so Order, a Bill for ascertaining and regulating in what Cafes, and under what Restrictions, Letters and Packets flia.II be sent and received free from the Duty of Foliage; and

several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto:

more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ai Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Au. tinue an Act, made in the 5th Year, of the Reign of Vol. 29. E hie

Kingsiori upon Halt Streets.

Mercers*

Company.

Atbfcrftone

Iuclofort,

American Paper Bills of Credits

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Tender and Amount of tire Bills of Credit, which have been created and issued in the several and Plantations in America, as well those under Proprietors and Charters as under his Majesty’s immediate Commission and Government, since January 1749; distinguishing the Amount of the same in each

Ditto;

Accounts.

such Bills were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the Time when fuel* Bills were issued, and at the Time of preparing the 1 said Account; and also the Times fixed for the calling in, sinking, and discharging such Bills, and the Funds

Abaft# in the Poll Office

Praodr

by

Bankrupt,

v,

African

Company.

Importation

of

Provisions

from

Ireland.

Supply,

Ways a«d Means.

1018 4 — 5 Ap

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, A11 A< ( to prevent the committing of Fraudsby Bankrupts; ami for obviating Inconveniences which may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Efex.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Privet took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prefcot reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill; and had, pursuant to the Power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into Two Bills; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the nextRecefe of Parliament, in such Manner as the Ne-ceflity of the Time may require, and as He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, was committed.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Anno 1762, " The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Afdistinguishing every " Article of Expence under its properTitle;" be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had. directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dich'irfon also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, CciV~r-upon the Bill for veiling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 40 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

MR. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom of

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bedford, Dorset, and ter, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Joint Earl of Ashburnham, in him the said Earl, in Fee Simple,

discharged of the Uses and Trulls of that. Settlement-; and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without arty Amendment.

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann, was read a SecQtid Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Dyson, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Wood, Mi\

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Mr. Grant, Mr.

Burrel, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Montagu, Mr. son, Mr. Jennings, Sir Rennet Garrard, Mr. Abercrombie,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Tmvnfhevd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Heme, Mr. Upton, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Philipps, Mr,

Bacon, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fonereau, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Mr. Bnidenell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Nugent, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Chaplin, Sir George Satile, Mr. Cone-wall, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dempster, Mr.

Gray, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Harbord. Sir Armine Wodehouse: And they are to meetthis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of David Godin, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint A.-, rence, and on the Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies in America was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Lawrence, and

on the Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AMef-

1

4 Geo. III.

5° April is.

te>2«)

Royal Afltnt to Bills.

:V

V*

A MefTage from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin-Jon, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afl'ent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Supri of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for preventing, in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of M ines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders lolt, burnt, or otherwise destroyed. ' -

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America-, for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Act, pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades; and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

An Act for continuing certain Laws therei n mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth; and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder; and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed bn the Exportation of such Skins.

An Act to continue several Laws, for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thane t, up the Rivers of Thames and Medic ay; relating to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, iii Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly into foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Floodgates, Sluices, or other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

An Act for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

Voi 29.

An Aftfor the more eafyDischarge of Recognizances estreated into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

An Act to enable Infants, who are seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Dutchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaf-ter, or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of One or more other Person or Persons in Trull, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances offuch Estates by Order of the Court of the Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of 'Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales. 1 '

An Aftfor the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottinghamand several other Roads therein mentioned, .

An Act for continuing the Terms of and ameoduig the Acts for repairing several Reads leading from bury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and

amending the Road through the Parish of Bromefbcrrow, in the County of Gloucester, and through till it meets the Road from Gloucester to

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington,

Southwark, and Bemwndfey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; for repairing Lambeth Back Lane; and for lighting and watching the said Roads.

An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place, near the Village of Milford, through,

to the Portsmouth Road, between and Rake, in

the several Counties of Surrey, Suffer, and;

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinjley, in the County of ForA', to the Towji of Doncaster, in the said County,;

An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town in , the

Chunty of York, to the present Turnpike Road neaf Pleajley in the County of Derby; and also the Road/rom the North End of the said Town of Rot her ham, into the present Turnpike .'Road on the 'East Side of '^ankerfley Park, in the said County of York.

An Act, to continue the Term andenlarge the Toiyqrs of an Act, pasted in the 17 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town, of Kingston upon Holland the Town of in the East

Riding of the County of York;and for repairing the RoajI

from NewUtnd Bridge to the West End of the Town‘of

Cottingliam, in the said Riding. ....

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Rbr pair the High Roads leading, from’ Alfrdau, in thje County of Derby, through Carter's Lane, to a certain

Place in the Town of Mansfield caliph ‘Stokkwell jmd

from the Bridle frate, at the Div'ifion of ^he Libertiqp of Blackwell and Hucknalt, through the Towii of in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hjll, in the ForCft of Sherwood, in the Chunty of Nottingham. " ,

An Act for continuing ^rid enlarging she Term and Poiv, ers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King '.G'eoige the Second^ intituled, An Act for repairing and vydening th'e. Rbau from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for extending the Pfbvifiops of an Act,’ pasted in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty,.!fof repairing the Roads from the North End Street near Lewes, and other Roads in Siffex, to

the

1030

5* Apri.

*A. 1764.

RoyilAficot the Road leading from the North End of Offham,

10 to the Spital Barn in Laves aforesaid.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth of King George the First, and of the Third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop-, and also for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Horse Shoe in to languor

Green; and also from the West End of Bridge to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgnorth Turnpike Road in the said County.

An Act for establishing a regular nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Clement in the

Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor within the City of Gloucester; and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and in the County of

Suffolk.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for the belter Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Clay don, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for continuing One Moiety of the Duties granted by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts, contihoed till the Twelfth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five; and for applying the Tame to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour1 of Rye, in the County of Sussex; and for more effectually completing and keeping iti Repair the said Harbour.

An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Laries, Allies, and public Passages within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and Tor regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there.

An Act for amendingandsupplying the Deficiencies of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts 'made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull -, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of with fresh and

wholesome Water:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common arid Open Fields and Commonable Places of in the County o f Leicester

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in Whetjtone, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing . the Open and Comihon Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln.

'.An Act for dividing and-inclosing the Open Fields

and Commonable Places in the Parish of Stanton, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the I.ordship of Potters Marston, in the said Comity, belonging to and used with the said Fields of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Pasture Ground in the Lorrlship of Aldborough, in Holdcmejs, in the County of

York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields and lugs within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the AfarJJi, otherwise, Ilollon in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open ai)d Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Newn in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great -don, and Little EverdOn in the County of ampton.

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers AJ/iby, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, in the Township of Crook and Billyrow, within the Parish of Brancepefin the County of Durham.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Atherstone, in th^County of Warxoick,

and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds within the same.

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying ainj being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, PrCqin&s, and Territories of Sutton, Ganflead, Swine, holme, Benninghqbne Grange, and Fair holme. North Skir-

laugh, Row/on, Arnold, Long Riston, Leven, II and llallytree-holme, Brandejburt, and BurfaU, Ejke. Ticklon, Weel, Roul/i, Meaux, and other wile

Waxen, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County1 of York. 1

An Act to impower the Right honourable John Lor<J Viscount Spencer to make Leases of the Manor of Bettterfea and Wandfworth, and of Lands and Grounds

in Battersea arid Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey, purchased in pursuance of the Will of the Most noble Sarah lateDutchefs Dowager of Marlborough, in order for building upon, and improving the same.

An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates, late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wills and Gloucester, between William Blanch, John. Roberts, Richard Brerelon, and others; and for veiling and settling the Premisses to the several LTes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Edmund gate Beaghan, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of

Kent and Sussex, in Trustees, in Trull to sell and convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann, Esquire, or as he shall appoint pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money arising by futh Sale, for the Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant.

An , Act for veiling divers Messuages and Hereditaments, jn. the City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett, Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his ileirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling

another

X

4 Geo. III.

another Estate, in the County of ,of greater

Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

An Act for discharging the Uses and Trusts of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, settled upon and for the Benefit of William Wiggett Bula.fr, and Mary his Wife, and their Issue; and for substituting and settling other Estates and Hereditaments in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

An Act for vesting Two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premifies, late the Estate of James

laune, deceased, in John Ferrell and Robert Edmejton, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from such Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said James Delaune.

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Young, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising the reby, together with other Money of the said William Young, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, of greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

An Act to enable John Pollard, Esquire, lately called John Carter, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing James Nehon de Berville, Johann Jacob Uckerman, and John Haufer.

An Act for naturalizing James Alric.

lift of The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from Nominees the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called . f<?. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant u to their Order,

A Lift of the Nominees upon Survivorship, that have died between Midsummer 1693, the Time of their Creation, and the 4th of 1764, with their

Ages when last delivered into the Exchequer, the Time of their Deaths, and the Half Year’s Payment that was payable at the Time of their Decease: And also,

A Lift of the Nominees created in the Year 1745, with their Ages when last delivered into the Exchequer, the Time of their Deaths, and the annual Sums that . are and were payable at the 5th of January 1764: And also,

A Lift of the Nominees created in the Year 1746, with their Ages when last delivered into the Exchequer, the Time of their Deaths, and the annual Sums that are and were payable at the 5th January 1764: And also,

A Lift of the Nominees created in the Year 1757, with their Ages when last delivered into the Exchequer,

the Time of their Deaths, and the annual Sums that are

and were payable at the 5th January 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the T itles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts; The House being informed, that Mr. from

British Salt ‘the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the *wc *° Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to 1 a’ 'the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of all British made Salt exported to His Majesty’s Colonies in America, from Christmas 1755 to 1762; distinguishing

each Year, and how much hath been exported to each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Vol. 29.

1031

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, iu America, for a limited Time, is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, pursuant to Claims their Address to His Majesty, , respeaii^ the

N° 3. Abstract of Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for examining and Hating, '

unsatisfied Claims and Demands alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, on so much of the said Claims and Demands, as have hitherto been liquidated.

Together with Copies of the said Reports, and a Schedule thereof.

And the Title of the said Abstract, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, Grantham to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roa Roads leading from the Towns of Grantham, Melton Mowbray, Leicester, and Lutterworth, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of and

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be '

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Warkwortfc and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Inclosure. Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Warkworth, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, CommomMeadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of Warkworth, in the County of Northampton,

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His °* Majesty’s Colonies in America, was read a Second HemP» c-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tormorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Acts of Whale Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Filbeiy. Fifltery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects, was read the Third Time.

12 F The

50 Apr.

1302 5° Ap J. 1764.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Second Year of I lis present Majesty’s Reign; be now

to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. At the End of the Bill, add " The 25th Day " of December 1767, and from thence to the End of the t hen next Session of Parliament."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Aud the Bill was amended at tin: Table accordingly.

Rc/blved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title

lead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickii\fontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Com-

be, An Act for continuing several Arts of Parliament mittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made

made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fithcry *’ 1 ‘ J " ----- 1' 1 *' ‘ ’ '

carried on by His Majesty’s Subje6ls.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Private

Bufinefi.

Port*

ejected on the SeaCoalti.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Buliuefs, after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coafis in the Counties of Suffix, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected f()r Defence of the said Coafis, in pgrfuqncemf an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of l-Iis profent Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being rtead accordingly;

The House refoJved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr - Cockstook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr- Cocks reporter! from the Committee, That they hud. gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-events ttoei^tmto; which Urey had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the woe.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Agreement.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rice presented to the House, according to Order, Am»ri« a Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be Bill* issued within any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, from being made legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit as have been already issued there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 8ah -y to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from upon the Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Europeint* Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, be Qi!ebet-now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftimed the Chair.

Mr. Eliot reported from, the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That, the Order of the Day, (hr the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a importniu tetifing certain Stuns of Money towards the Supply for Committee of the whole House, to consider of the of the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually Report which was made from the Committee, to whom preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein men- of in behalf of themselves and many-others

tioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners His Majesty’s Subjects, wa9 referred.

thereof; be now read.

Then the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the t’uid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Mr.. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone took the Cliair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directid him to report, when the Hqufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

f Supply Bill; Consolidating certain Annuities.

The Order of the Day being read > for receiving the lapon*, Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice ft0"* of His Privy Council, to order the &ee Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Par* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 1 lament, in such Manner as thelseceflity of the Time

Morning.

froo

may require, and as He, in'His Widow, Audi think convenient and needful, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman according to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply 19 granted

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoilfe, upon the Bill Ibr charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities, granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of I lis present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned tq the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years irredeemable.

4 Geo. III. 5* Jprilis. 1035

granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the of the said Vessels a4 were I'dft, or taken into His Committee had directed him to report to th'e House'; Majesty’s Service.

winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Tire said Resolutions being fe'verally read k Second in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; Time, were, upon the Question severally pilt thereupon, and are as fpljoweth; tv*. agreed to by the HoUfe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Thirty-eight thousand Three hundred The other Order of the Day being dead

and Forty-ieven Pounds Ten Shillings be granted to The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

His Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Whole House, upon die Bill for vetting the Fort of

Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of

Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted Merchants trading to Africa.

young Children, to maintain and educate suchChildren Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

as were received into the said Hospital on or before Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

tpe 25 th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of Mr. Speaker refuffiedthe Chair.

December 1763 exclusive, to the 31st Day of December Mr. bacon reported from the Committee, That they 1764 inclusive; and that the said Sum be iflbed and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-paia for the Use of the find Hospital, without Fee or ments thereunto; which they had directed him to Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever. report; when the Hoilfe wiU please td receive the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fame.

That a Sum, pot exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in main- Morning.

taining and suppocting the Rritifi Farts and Settle-

ments on the Coast of Africa. Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House; by His

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty's Command,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Pounds; An Account of Monies arising from Savings made be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to upon tha non-effective Accounts of several Regiments, make good to Samuel Tbucbeta£ London, Merchant, all and reserved in the Office of the Pay matter General of the Expence he has incurred in fitting out several Rjs Majesty’s Forces*

Vessels employed in the late successfuf Expedition And the Title of the said Account was readi

for the Reduction of the Frenoh Forts and Settlements Tb£ f^ift AQeoppt is as felloweth

in the River Senegal, and to ftpisfy to the said Samuel

Touchet all Claims and Demands whatsoever on the Commissioners of His Mainfiy’s Navy, or any Officer,

or Officers, employed sche fesid Expsdition, for such

Vox- 29.

African

CoihpaAy.

Account 1 Array Savingr.

ioj4

5° Aprihs.

A. 1764.

Am A C C O L* Nt T of MONIES arising from Savings mads upon the Non-effective Accounts of several Regiments, and reserved in the Office of the^Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

Paid by the Agents of the following Regiments;

s.

1 ft and 2d Battalions of Lieut. General Wolfe's, Bocklcnid's, , Lord George

' Beauclerclc's, \x>rd Charles Hay's, Earl of Effingham's, Lord Robert Manners's, Major

General Napier's, Cornwallis's, Holmes's, L giments of Foot; Lord

Rent inch's, Earl of Holme’s, Earl of Loudoun's, Colonel Hodgson’s, and Lord Charles

ners’sRegiments to 24th June 1758 -

Respited for Non-effectives of the following Regiments, pursuant to His Majesty’s 4. r . Warrants; viz.

Major General Adlercron's to 23d October 1758; Major General St rode's and Colonel Brown’s <0 yth July 1759, Lieut. Generals Howard's, Bock land's, Holmes’s, and Leighton's, Lord Charles Hay’s, Earl of Effingham's, and Lord; Major Generals William

Whitmore's, and Jeffijjeds; Colonels George Gray's, Cary's, Parjlow's

Pettitott's, and John Bofcawen’s-,to 24th December 1760 - -: -

29>499 x5 8

Respited the Pay of the Non-effective Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and private Men of the following Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants;

BrecknocJtshire, Buckinghamshire, Carmarthenshire,2d 3d, and th Battnt of the Devonshire, Dorsetshire, Denbighshire, Durham, 1 ft and 2dBnt of the Essex,

Flintshire, Huntingdon, West Kent, Lancashire, Leicestershire, North and South Bns of Lincoln-shire, Monmouthshire, Northumberland, Somersetshire, ill and td Battns of the Surrey, West-norland, North Riding of the Yorkshire, 3 West Ridings of D% to 24th Dec. 1761 -

9,914 10 8

Respited for Non-effectives of the following Regiments, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants;

viz.

Sir HarryErjkine's 2d Battalion, Lieut. General Whitmore's, Major General Amherst's, Monck-ton's, Gage's, Lieut. General Warburton's, M. G. Townshend's, Lord Lieut.;

General Otway's, Lord Robert Manners's, Major General Armiger's, Lord John Murray's, Generals Noel's, Abercrombie's, Murray's and , Major Generals John Bofcawen's

and Webb's, Colonels Ganfell's and Keppell's, Sir David Cunningham's and Major General

Anstruther'sRoyal Americans, Colonel Grey's Lord Adam Gordon's (late Major

Generals Lambton's, and Colvill's; Col. Trapaud's, Duke of Richmond's, Col. Irwin's, Col. Frederick's (late John Bo/iawen's)Colonels Rufane’s, Montgomery’s, Frazer's, and Col. Armstrong's, Cranford's, and Lieut. Col. Worge's; Col. Grant's (late,) and

Lord Blaney's;to 24th Dec. 1762 -

60,336 5 4

On Account of Monies arising ont of Balances in the Hands of Agents, upon the Non-effective Account of several Regiments, and paid by them, in pursuance of His Majesty’s Warrant, into the Office of the Paymaster General -

21,500-----

Pay Office, Horse Guards, 5U1 April 1764.

31,906

2 8

John Powell,

in the Absence of the Paymaster General and his Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4 Geo. Ill

Broughton

liiclosure.

Private

Business,

Bedford

Charity.

6° Aprilis. 1035

A Mofiage fibm the Lords, by Mix Harris and Ivlr.

rHis Mf- Speaker,

’ The Lords have agreed to thfe Bill, intituled, An Act Bt vrrVy

_ for repairing and widening 1 he Road f ont to ho-fa,

Anno Georgii III Regis, 1764. Ke.rby Bridge, in the County of York, without any

Amendment.

Prayers. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vever is, 6° sip

SI R Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Nether , in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Land of the yeajly Value of £.37 iof. iod. that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, is £.360 i6r. 8 d.per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William liarpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity of the Town of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were l’everally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. x. To leave out " Provided always, and be it enacted, that no Person receiving Benefit from this Charity, 111 all be thereby disqualified from voting, for Members of Parliament,’*

In the Schedule referred to in the Bill,

Pr. 1. 1. 1. To leave out " the above written Bill" and insert " this Act" instead thereof.

1. 23. To leave out " Bill* and insert " Aft" Instead thereof.

Pr. 15. 1. 4. To leave out " Four" and insert " Five" inistead thereof-. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity of the Town of Bedford.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 29.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Mayor and Alder- Saffron men of the Town of SaffronWulden, in the County of W»Wen Essex, the Guardians or Truiiees of King Eduard the *cuai1^' Sixth’s Ahns-houses there, and other the Feofi’ecs thereof, to convey part of the Lands, Revenues, and Post’eilions of the said Alms-houses to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, ill Exchange for other Lauds, of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them, to the Uses and upon the Trulls therein mentioned; and for veiling Part of the I^ands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Ileirs, in Exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 3. To leave out "last" and insert " 1764" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, the Guardians or Trustees of King Edward the Sixth’s Alms-houses there, and other ttje Feoffees thereof, to convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessiona of the said Alms-houses to Sir John Griffin Griffin and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands, of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them to the Uses, and upon the Trulls therein mentioned; and for veiling part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands, of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty upon tht Importa- BemP> tion of Hemp and rough and undrefl’ed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair.

Mr. Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eliot reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed nim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. Lloyd, from Account, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Seizures of Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to Spirituous the House, pursuant to their Order, Uiuors.

An Account of the total Quantity of all Seizures of Spirituous Liquors, Wines, and Teas; and ^Ifb Ships

12 Q or

1036

6° Aprilis.

A. 1764.

or Vessels, and Boats that have been seized, condemned, and burnt, from January 1763, to January 1764, distinguishing those made by the Custom-house Officers, from those made by His Majesty’s Cruizers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fort* Mr. Cocks, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Sea*Coast*. ^or ma^'nK Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Suffix, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dick in(baccording to Order, re-C°certaining P°rted from the Committee of the whole House, to Aanuitiei. whom' the Bill for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities, granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years, irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Salt imported Mr. Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Quebec* Committee the whole House, to whom the Bill for Vi~ ‘ importing Salt from into the Province of Que-

bec, in America, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation Mr. Edmonstone, according to Order, reported from _ °* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Herrings, referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of iu behalf

of themselves, and many others His Majesty’s Subjects, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for the Encouragement of the and Irish

Fisheries, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence a Barrel be laid on all Herrings of foreign taking and curing, which shall be imported into Ireland on board any Ships or Yefl’els, not belonging to Great Britain or Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Three first of the Resolutions which, upon ThurJ'daythe 22d Day of March lad, were

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the l louse, that thcyr do also prepare the said Bill, or One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Glafgin behalf of them-

selves, and many others His Majesty’s Subjects, was referred, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Afnao Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Compun. veiling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

A Bill for ascertaining and regulating in what Cafes, Aboii and under what Restrictions, Letters and Packets iha.ll intbe be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propos- Dk*. ed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for punishing all Persons who shall take, use, or exercise the Office or Offices "of Postmaster General, or any Part thereof, or any other Employment relating to the Poll Office, or any Branch thereof, or shall be any way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of Letters in any Part of Great Britain, without having first taken the Oath contained in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Pod Office for all her Majesty’s

Doan-

4 Geo. III. 6°

Dominions, and for settlirtg a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty’s Occasions; and for more effectually preventing Abuses being committed by wilfully opening, embezzling, detaining, and delaying of Letters or Packets;

The House was moved, that Part of An Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a general Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions; for settling a weekly Sum out of the Rev enues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for punishing all Persons who shall take, use, or exercise the Office or Offices of Postmaster General, or any Part thereof, or any other Employment relating to the Post Office, or any Branch thereof, or shall be any way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of Letters in any Part

of Great Britain, without having first taken the Oath, contained in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions; and for more effectually preventing Abuses being committed by wilfully opening, embezzling, detaining, and delaying of Letters or Packets;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper intituled, " Continuation of aii Account of " Monies, arising out of Balances in the Hands of " Agents, upon the non-effective Account of several " Regiments, and paid by them into the Office of " the Paymaster General, in pursuance of His Majesty’s Warrants."

And the Title of the said Paper Was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Accounts;

Army

Savings;

Continuation of an Account of Monies, arising out of Balances in the I lands of Agents,

upon the non-effective Account of several Regiments, and paid by them into the V £. 39,000 — * — Office of the Paymaster General, in pursuance of His Majesty’s Warrants

Pay Office, Horse 6 April 1764.

John Powell,

In the Absence of the Paymaster General and his Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Protocol, a 1 March 1764," and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies arising from Savings made upon the non-effective Accounts of several Regiments, and veferved in the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of all Warrants, Certificates, and Accounts exhibited before or referred to the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for examining and fluting unsatisfied Claims and Demands alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Abstracts of Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for examining and Hating unsatisfied Claims and Demands alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, on so much of the said Claims. and Demands as have hitherto been liquidated; together with, the several Copies of the said Reports; which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 29.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickivfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinjvn reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Vfvji

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing an A Agreement with the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England for railing certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof; was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Importation the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, Ireland.

during

1038

6 ° — 7° Apritis. A. 1764.

Cardiff

jtoad*.

during the next Reeefs of Parliament, in such Man- Britain called Scotland, or beyond the Seas; was ner as the Necessity of the Time may require, and committed; be taken into Consideration upon "as lie, it) His 'Wifdoro, shall think convenient and Morning next.

needful, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff] and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed C/ause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, for exempting from Toll all Carriages carrying Coals, or going empty for Coals.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Sabbati, 7" die Aprilis;

Anno 4* Georgii III1" Regis, 1764.

Ciaruieftir.fi

Marriage*.

And the said Clanfe was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; 'viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 24. After " lead" to insert " from."

IV. 5. 1. 16. To leave out " Town" and insert " Abbey" instead thereof.

1. 20. To leave out " Abbey" and insert " Town" infread thereof.

6Pr. 6. 1. 9. 1 o. To leave out " Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at a Place called PenllyCajlel, " and insert " Village of Rojjilly " instead thereof.

IV. 23.I. iq. After " the" to insert "making."

1. 38. After " extends" to insert "from." Pr.27._l, 17. After " or" to insert such Money " as."

Pr. 29.I. 2S. To leave out "unladen for."

1. 29. After " with " to insert " or unladen " for" and leave out " brought."

Pr. 50. 1. 3. To leave out " not to " and insert " shall" instead thereof.

Pr. 56.1. 30. To leave out not exceeding by the " Year."

Pr. 60. 1. 24. To leave out " said."

I. 26. To leave out " iu " and insert " is " instead thereof.

Pr, 68. 1. 16. After " Peace" to insert " at the next " General Quarter Sessions of the " Peace."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at. the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff] and several other Towns and Places in the Count v of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Glyhave Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 2bth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, ii.tituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be folenmized in Churches, or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have srifen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized in that Part of Great

J9

Prayers.

0s. DERED, That Leave be given to move the House, upon Monday next, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Koch, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles , Mr.

Bull, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynafian, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr. Eliot,

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fuller, Mr Mr. Parker, Sir George Sav Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Mr. Dyjon,

Mr. FuirJ'ax, Lord Brownlozo Bertie, Mr. Alderman DickinJ'on: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits, to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 17. To leave out " further," and after " enacted " insert " by the King’s " most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conl’ent of " the L< >rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afletnbled; " and to leave out " aforesaid " and insert " of the fame" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits, to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vme do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for applying the Money granted, in this Seffkm of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ao ingrossed Bill for charging on the Sinking Fund

certain

Private

Bulindj.

Kock’s

Nat.

Affidavits taken in the County of Durham.

Militift Pay and Clothing*

4 Geo. III.

7° Apriks.

1039

!3jjJKi Ofr, air, Anniiiti« granted by an Act, raSed in the FuR An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for certain ' e.AT °{th^ Reign of His present Majesty, and for car- Inrolments of Deeds and Wills made by Papills; and WilWand

Annuities. Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; for Relief of Protestant Purchasers;- was read the Deed*,

and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as Third Time.

are granted for a certain Term of Years irredeemable, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

with other Annuities granted by an Act, passed in the be, An Act for allowing further Time lor Inrolments Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; Was read of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of the Third Time. Protestant Purchasers.

Resolved, l*hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the

Amercaa Paper Bills of Crtdit.

Exportation of Rice.

be. An Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act, passed in the First Y’ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund j and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as ate granted fora certain Term of Years irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act, passed in the Second Yrear of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereaftertobe issued within any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being made legalTender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit as have been already issued there; was read a Second Time.

RejHved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcfoi'vd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the J»id Bill.

An tngrdflfed 'BiH for granting, for a limited Time,

V t _ A. M O 1 U \ Mnru?

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directea him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Twenty-nine thousand Ninety-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards discharging such unsatisfted Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for examining and stating such Claims and Demands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Seventy thousand Nine hundred and Six Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, arising from, certain Savings made upon the non-effective Accounts of several Regiments, and refer ved in the Office of the Paymaster General of His

Supply.

a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces Land Forces, be granted to His Majesty,

Georgia, directly to any ar o Upon Account, towards discharging such unsatisfted

of South Carolina and America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape was read

the Third Tinje.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bji); viz.

Pr. 1.1. 33. to leavfe out " South."

Claims and Demands for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for examining and stating such Claims and Demands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, towards aft

And the said Amendment Stting His Majesty to grant a re.fom.hie Snccour in

put thereupon, apeedto by the House; and the Bill to the LtualgrtTve of Heji Cqftl, pursuant to

w as amended at the Table accordingly. Treat v

Jlr/M Ttat the Bill do pass: And that the Title ^aid Resolutions being severally read a Second , an Act for granting, for u limned Time, a Liberty , ..... q,iHL, feverillv not there-

be

i»- £. u-. %f . A , »v e o ;l Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereto carry Rice from His Majesty s Provinces of South ’ \. *T «» - ' r

Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America U^>n’ja®r j^i,0 , K an j/i'ia.:nn tn i,- fVntlempn *, n, Zf ftL r,;,i w.uuft fti.e. That it be an Inliruft.on to the Gent emen

to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in , situate to

the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Salt imported An ingrossed Bill for importing Salt from Europe, from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited into Qytbec. Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot do carry the BiH to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

African An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Fort of Senegal, and Conpaoy. it$ Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill -do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desirc their Concurrence.

You. 29.

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Three first of the Resolutions, which, upon the 22d Day of March lait, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Second of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed to by the House.

The House Was moved, that the Sixth and Seventh of the Resolutions, which, upon the First Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might he again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by tfhe House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Ose hundred Twot thousand Four hundred and Sixty nine " Pounds Nineteen Shillings arid Three-pence Nine " Elevenths, be granted to JHis Majesty, out of the ijl H " Monies

Ditto.

1040

7° — 9° Atprish. 1764,

Importation

of

Hemp, See.

Grantham

Roads.

Private

Business.

" Monies or Savings remaining of the Grant in tlte last " Session of Parliament, for Pay of the Troops of the " Duke of Brunswick, and for Subsidies; and of the

" Grants in several former Sessions of Parliament, for " defraying the Charge of Five Battalions serving in the late Army in Germany, with a Corps of Artillery;

" towards defraying the extraordinary Ejcpences of " His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 20th Day’ of February 1763,10 the " Twenty-fifth Day of December following, and not " provided for by Parliament."

" Resolved, That a Sum. not exceeding Sixty-one thousand Eighty-eight Pounds Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, out of certain Savings of " Public Monies, and out of Monies arisen by the Sale of His Majesty’s Stores in Germany and " gal, which have been paid to the Paymaster General " of His Majesty’s Land Forces, towards defraying the extraordinary Exjtences of His Majesty's Land " Forces, and other Services incurred from the zoth " Day of February 1763, to the 25th Day of December " following, and not provided for by Parliament." Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do also make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutiofts last read.

Mr. Eliot, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and foogh and undressed Flax, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the BiH, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the Hou& to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 9* die;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1764. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Towns of , Mel-

ton Mowbray, Leicester, and Lutterworth, and several other Towns and Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Lricester, was read the Third Time.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the I >uide Poll in Saint Margaret's, Field, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of , in

the said County$ and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Saturday last, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the

Clock.

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Brouifoon mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paf- Indofare. tures, in the Parish of Xether Brougin the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 37. to leave out " Part of the said Common " Pa dure, called the Great Grange " Close," and insert " to be divided " and inclosed by virtue of this " Act " instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill , was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commotj Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pasturei in the Parish of Nether Broughton, in the County of Lei* cefier.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom Pohliraim’j the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann, was committed; and to whom the Petition of David Godin was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had also considered the said Petition; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr, 1. L 1. leave out beseecheth" and insert " beseech."

1. 5. after " Berlin" insert " and David " Godin, Son of Nicholas Godin, by " Elizabeth Teyillet his Wife, born " at Havre de Grace, in the Kingdom " of France

1. 8. leave out "ljis" and insert " their."

1. 15. leave out " he" and insert " they."

1. 16. after " Pohlmann" insert " and David " Godin," and leave out " is " and insert " are."

1. 19. leave oiit " a" and leave out " Sub- ftje&" and insert " Subjects."

1. 20. leave out " he is " and insert " they " are."

1. 24. leave out " he" and insert "they," leave out " a " and leave out " Subjed, " and insert " Subjects 1. 28. after " Pohlmann " insert " and David " Godin," and leave out " is " and insert " are."

1. 38. leave out " his" and insert " their.".

1. 39. leave out "Ileir" and insert " Heirs," and leave out " his" and insert " their."

Pr. 2, 1. 5. leave out " him " and insert " them,’

1. 8. leave out " he *’ and insert " they.’

1. 13, leave out " he " and insert " they.’

1. 18. after " Pohlmann " insert " and David

" Godin."

1. 20. leave out " a " and leave out " Subjed," and insert " Subjects."

1.. 27. after " Pohlmann" insert " and David " Godin."

1. 28. leave out " a."

1. 39. leave out " Member" and insert " Members."

1. 33. leave

Kock’s Nat.

Ports-a

Streets.

Lazaret

at

Chedley Hilt.

4 Geo. III. Aprilis 1041

Pr. 2. J. 33. leave out "himselF* and insert " themfelres."

1. 34. leave out " him," and insert ." them.*

At the Kud of the Title add " and David Godin."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Edmund Thomas reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hair Koch, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Thomas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Npifances and other Annoyances in that Part of the Parish of , in the County of Southampton, commonly called

Common, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Wav of Ryder, to impower the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy to use the Way called the Hardway, for His Majesty’s Use, provided they set out another Way.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Wav of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally propos'd to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr- 12.1. 13. To leave out " Eastward."

1. 22. to leave out " Western."

Pr. 13.I. 10. to leave out " up" and to leave out " high " and insert " low " instead thereof.

1. 12. to leave out " high" and insert " low" instead thereof, and to leave out from " to " to " his" in 1. 27.

1. 27. after " wharf" to insert then up to the High Water Mark close to His Majesty’s Gun Wharf."

I. 28. to leave out " outside " and iufert " Wall " instead thereof.

Pr. 14.I. 11. after " Yard " to insert " or any Road " round the fame, lying between the " Wall of the said Dock Yard, and the Bound Stones nearest thereto, as the " same now ftnnd."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act'.fqj the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, commonly called Common:

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafiodo carry the Bill to ' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I ord Charles Spencer pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Address to 11 is Majesty,

A Plan of a Lazaret, with an Explication of the fame; And also,

Explanation of the said Plan, with an Estimate of the Expence of building the fame.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

V07.. 29.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, was read the Third Time. ';

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effefclualTwo several Acts of Parliament, made in the Se^ cond and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles Saint

George the Martyr, Saint George Bluomsbury,t\\a.t Part of the Parish of Saint Andrczv’s Holborn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls

and Savoy, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Mand for preventing Anfioyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following W ere severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 19, 20. to leave out " intituled, An Act."

Pr. 2. 1. 12, to leave out " first of the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Names of the several Persons intitled to Annuities, payable at the Exchequer, for One, Two, or Three Lives, or on Survivorship, who have made Default in claiming their several Annuities, at the last Half-yearly Day of Payment of the same An-, nuities respectively.

Mr. WilbrahamRootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Lands and Hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barrymore, in Trustees, for railing Money towards paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances assessing his real Estates was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before any private Bill, relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

Importation

of. - Henjp,

Weflmimfter

Paving.

Account!; Exchequer Annuitants.

Earl of Barrymore’s Elutes.

Agrtctntnti

forU urt&ed a the SetCoftfU

Importation of Foreign Herrings.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Frauds by Bankrupts,

1041 90 Apri A. 1764.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilbraham Bootle do.carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of , for

raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties af Kent, Sussex, and Southampton on which Forts and

Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Btfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Ilfcign of His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein ment ioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Instruction which, upon Friday last, was given to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Three First of the Resolutions which, upon the 22ft Day

of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, to prepare the said Bill or One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution which, upon Friday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Glasgow, in behalf of themselves and many others His Majesty’# Subjects, was referred, and Was then agreed to by the House, be discharged.

Mr. Jenkinfonprefeuted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application of certain Savings of public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military Stores: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Prefcot, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the BiH to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for obviating Inconveniences which may arise in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and

was committed *, and who had, according to the Power given them by the House, turned the said Bill into Two Bills; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table -. Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Corn, mittee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, poftpoued.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, ujxm the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The postponed Amendments being again read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for obviating the Inconveniences which may arise from Privilege of Par-ment in the same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, being Members of Parliament, and becoming insolvent, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing an Act, to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending to the Counties of Kent and Essex, the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches; with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Do»«r Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of and also,

for amending, w idening, and repairing the Road leading from Coxcgate and ArchctiffcVort in Dover, through Folkestone, to the Town of Hyth^ in the said County; without any Amendment: And ^so.

The Lords have agreed to the BiN^ intituled, An Act pjp^, i3-for continuing and enlarging the Term tuid Powers U. of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road loading from Piper’s Inn, in the Parish of AJhcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through

Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Post, in the Great

Wellern Hoad to the City of Bath; and from Wells to Hnjh Hill, leading to the City of; and for repair-

ing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells; without any Amendment: And also,

Tlu* Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Termmtd Powers of so much of an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein dc-

feribed,

4 Gko. III. . 9’ — io°

fcrilnd, leading from the Town of in the County of G'ouce/ler, as relates to the Firil District of Ilonds* therein mentioned, and for amending the Road from Comb Hill to a Bridge, near Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn to /\r/hore, in the County with-

out any Amendment: Andalfo,

I'.ivtrilum The 1 ord.s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inctoture. por enai,]jn£r Lucij Knightley, Esquire, to inclose several Open and Common Fields in the Parish of in the County of Buckr; and for veiling certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in tlk* said Lucy Knight ley, and his Heirs; and for making u Compensation to the Rector of the said Pari 111 in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

W<rft The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kaddon f,»r dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, fndolure. Common pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground in the Manor and Parish of West Iladiion, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: Andalfo,

Newrx-rt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inciolure. for dividing and inclosing a Wafts Ground, called The Mar/h, in the Township of in the County of

Salop-, and for applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: Andalfo, soit tier's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ‘v,t. naturalising Alexander joseph PoiUier-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, Bavly’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eihnes. veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of Northampton, deviled by the Will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in T ruf-toos, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by inch Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Abuses The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Toft OtE c it fell" into a Committee of the whole House,

1'c' upon the Bill for ascertaining and regulating in what Cafes, and under what Rellrietions, letters and Packets shall be font and received free from the Duty of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto;

Ordered That the Report, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the fending or receiving of Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Foliage; and to consider of the moll proper Methods of preventing the same; and to report their Opinion thereupon from Time to Time to the House; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. OJicald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. (fie a Id reported from the Committee, That they ha.l gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House Means. lo rej'0\ve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be pollponed.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

©t Provisions RCj)ort from the Committee of the whole House, to Jrsni Ireland. \-

VOL. Li).

Aprilis. 1043

whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, in such Manner as the Necessity of the Time may require, and as He in His Wisdom shall think convenient and needful, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be receivedTo-morrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Militia whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money, Jjf and granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the C ot lD*' Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called Englfor One Year, beginning the 25th Day ofi \Iarch 1764.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An iogrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bayiy’s for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Eftwe. Hereditaments in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in Trnllees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses: w as read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly j And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poitder’a for naturalizing Alexander Joseph PoiUier, was read the Nat. Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 1 o* die Af>rilis \

Anno 4* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

MR. Chauncy Townsend reported from the Com- Townsend’i mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Estate* Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Filate of Henrietta Rosa Percgrina TownJ'end, Wife of James Town-

J’cnd, Esquire, according to certain Articles of Agree-men, executed before her Intermarriage with the said James Townsend, but fub jest to the Charges and Incum-

brances affecting the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chauncy Townsend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

121 Mr.

1044

io

Aprilis.

A. 1764.

Bideford Mr. Bidler reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. tjJe gjj f0). repajring and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bidefor, in the County of Devon, - was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town oi Great in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and niade 1 'several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the , Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Toll Gate lliallbe erected withinTwo Miles of Rothernaj Bridge: and for exempting from Toll the Inhabitants of Monkleigh, and other Villages going to Torrington.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-. grossed.

Polhmann’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for Naturalizing Peter PoUtmann, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, TUzt the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this 1 louse hath agreed vto the lame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Supply Bill;: A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

EXR‘u, Uer or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies s" remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application of certain Savings of public

Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Milicary

Stores; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee \of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House -upon the said Bill.

Weller’s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Divorce. Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage o {John Weller, Esquire, with Charlotte Wilson his

now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Pur poles therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmon/lone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi'. Kdmovjtonc reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill, and tlmt no Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Clandestin©# The* Order of the Day being read, for taking into Marriages. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole iloufe, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 2bth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventingbf clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be ibicninized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may a rife, concerning the Validity of certain Mar-

riages solemnized in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or beyond the Seas; was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Queliion being put. That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr u c .1 v' (Mr. Coventm, i

fellers for the \ cas, js-|r Si ordaunt J 27‘

Tellers for thcN ocs

{Sir Kdward Dcerin*. i a Mr. A . }S5-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Amman resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued within any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being made legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of" such Bills of Credit, as have been already issued there;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Ordered, Th&lMr. Dvfan do make the Report from the AU1V1

Committeeof the whole House, to whom the Billforafcer- in»r taining and regulating in what Cafes, and under what lie- strictions. Letters and Packets shall be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto; was committed.

Mr. Iff on accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the 1 louse.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Number of Clerks to be appointed to frank in each Office.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for rmpowering Members, disabled by Sickness or otherwise from writing, to appoint another Person to frank for them.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, receiving the impwwici Report from the Committee of the whole House, to f whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland during the next Recofs of Parliament, in such Manner as the necessity of the Time may require, and as He in I Jis Wisdom shall think convenient and needful, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be receivedTo-monw Morning.

The other Order of the Day being road;

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee of the whole uruiu. House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money, hvat granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1764, was committed;

the Amendments which the Committee had made to tlx;

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; ami after-

wards

4 Geo. III.

io

n

Aprilis.

Arrerie* Paper Bills of Credit.

Offices

and

Employments,

wards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in it the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were bnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and fevered Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be iil’ued within any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being made legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit as have been already iffuod there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the: Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diverted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have heave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingi'ofied Bill to indemnify fitch l’ersons as have omitted to quality ihemselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, anti Officers of the Militia, or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualificat ions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to the several Arts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or having been fiamped, have been loft or miliaid; and for allow ing them Time to provide Admissions duly fiamped; was read the Third Time.

lief jived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them lei ves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others who have omitted to register, or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have becu omitted to be fiamped according to the several Arts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly fiamped; and to prevent the Definition of Trees and Underwoods growing in Fonvs ai.d Chafes.

Ordered, That Mr. \'ugendo carry the Bill to the Lords, and defin e their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° aprilis;

Georgii III'" Regis, 1764.

1045

Earl bf Egrememt, an Infant, to enfranchise certain Cuf-

tomary Lands and Hereditaments in tile County of Cumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the said Earl; and all’o to impower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Ellate in the County of Cumberland; and to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of the several Estates limited and deviled to them respectively by Charles Earl of Egremont, their late Father; deceased; and for other

the Purposes therein mentioned;, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Pkrties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the-Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, fhat this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of in the County of Devon, w as read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. To insert in the Lift of Coinmifiloners for putting the Art; in Execution, the Name of John Parker.

Pr. 13. 1. 9. After " erected" to insert " by virtue " of this Art."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bidcford, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to thfe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bideford

Roads;

Earl of Egremont's Leafing.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agreement with Supply Bill; the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for . "aak raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stocks, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for raising certain Sums'of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forg.ng Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonner and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Militia to explain, amend, and reduce into One Art of Par- Training, liament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raisine and training the Militia within that Part of

Anno 4'

Prayers.

SI R Edward Bayutun reported from the Committee, Britain called England, with an Amendment;

to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, in- to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence tituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of George of this Jloufe: And also,

\»OL- 2 9- . The

Staindrop

Inclosure.

1046 11 Aprilis 1764.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called SlaindropSloor, within the Township of in the County of Durham, with i’ome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

, n... f Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from

Credit!* the Committee of the whole, House, to whom the Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued within any ofllis Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being matle legalTender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit as have been already ill’ued there j was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

tligh Price Mr. Torn nfmidreported from the Comm ittee, who w ere

of appointed to inquire into the Causes of the present high rovi ons. prjce of Provisions; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

The Committee endeavoured, in the First Place, to establish upon Evidence what is the present Price of Beef and of Mutton in the several Markets of London; for which Purpose they ordered Mr. , Orton, and

Jones, Three considerable Butchers resident in London, to attend; and they also received additional Information from Mr. Hutchinson,a Gentleman who furnishes and victuals Ships for the East India Company, and from Mr. Capet Hanbury, an eminent Virginia "Merchant.

Mr. Winter, Orton, and Jones agreed in dating the present Price of the best Beef to be Three Pence per Pound to the Vender, which is about One Halfpenny dearsr than Beef of the same Goodness has usually been in the Month of March for forae Years part, to which Point, the Committee brought all the Witnesses in giving their Evidence, imagining it to be necessary, in determining a comparative Price, to adhere to the same Month, and to Meat of the same Goodness.

The Witnesses dated the present Price of the choice Pieces of the bed Beef to lie, to the Consumer, Four Pence, and Four Pence Farthing Pound; the bed Pieces of inferior Beef 3 d. or 3 and the Coarfe Pieces of Beef in general from Seven Farthings to Two Pence Ilalf-penuy and Two Pence Three Farthings, which is One Halfpenny dearer than the same have usually been in the Month of March.

Mr. Hutchinson agreed with the Butchers before-named . in their Representation of the present Price of Providons, and added, that he did not recollect that the same Sorts had ever been fold for a higher Price during the last War: And Mr. Ilanburyconfirmed this Evidence by . the comparative Prices of his own Charge, in victualling his Ships for Virginia, which he said he victualled in March, lad Year, at the Rate of 24 or 25 Shillings per Hundred Weight, Beef: Whereas he this Year gave 27 Shillings for the same Weight and Sort.

A Member present favoured the Committee with the comparative Prices at which the Hospital now and were lad Year served with Providons of the

«4

fame Goodnels; the Price of which this Year amounts to is. 3 hd. from the 2 % 111 of lad to the 2qt.l1 f

September next, a Stone, for Mutton, Veal, and Beef; but in the same Contract for the same Months of the last ear were charged only at the Rate of is. <^d.

The same Witnesses admit, the present Price of Mutton also to be higher than it uled to be in March, but they date the Increase differently from a Farthing to a Halfpenny per Pound.

To discover the Causes of this Increase of Price, the Committee examined Mr. iVildmun, an eminent Sales-inan, Mr. BarVoilh, and Mr. Broicnjicorth, who alleged the following Readies;

First, the greater Demand, which some Witnesses supposed to arise from an Increase in the present Consumption of London; but, upon drifter Examination, they produced no conclusive, or indeed probable Evidence, to prove any such Increase of Habitation or of Consumption as they supposed.

They then accounted for this Increase of the Price of Meat by the want of Pork at Market, proceeding from the great Plenty of Acorns in 1762, which, according to the Witnesses, induced all the Feeders to fatten their whole Stock of Hogs in that Year, which extraordinary Slaughter they allege is not yet replaced; and that the want of One Article in the general Providons of so populous a City as London has necessarily advanced the Price of other Species: The whole Demand acting upon the whole Quantity of the different Sorts of Provision as upon One and the same Subject.

They added also, that the wet Season had much h ffened the Weight of even Fat Cattle; that the great Scarcity of Fodder in 1762, had reduced the Breed and Stock; and that the Failure in the Crop of Turnips ia several Counties this Year, had prevented those Counties fattening the usual Quantity of Beads. They assigned also, the low Price of Hides and Tailow, as an additional Reason. But, upon further Examination, all the Salesmen and Butchers admitted, dial the present high Price is not entirely or exclusively the Effect of natural Causes, but an artificial Price, refuiting from Combinations, and the Want of better Regulations for the Sale of Cattle in open Markets.

In Support of this Opinion, they informedtbe CommitteeofaMethod now practised of buying largeQuan-tities of Sheep and Oxen upon the Road to Market, iu order to foredall the Market of that Day, and iixthe Price by the Will of a few Engrofl'ers; of another Species of r oreftallers, who buy great Numbers of Sheep and Oxen, and, after Slaughter, fell the Carcases whole to the lesser Butchers, and thereby set the Market Price to them, and advance the Retail Price; and all the Witnesses concurred, in declaring, that if tilde Combinations and arts for gaining and keeping the Command of the Markets in a tew Hands could he obviated and prevented, the Summer and Winter Price of Meat of all Sorts would be more reasonable.

They were clearly of Opinion, that, at. this very Time, there is no Want of Fat Cattle; and they urged, with great Force, in Support of that Judgment, that through the w hole Month of March, when Provisions have been so very dear at London, Beef, Mutton, and Veal, have been at a moderate and usual Price in the Markets of the several Counties within Thirty Miles around the Metropolis.

Upon the w hole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution.

Kefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the high Price of Provisions of late, has been occasioned partly hv Cireuniflances peculiar to Season, and the Year, and partly by the Deleft of the Laws in Force for convicting hud punishing all Pei ferns concerned iu ibreltalluig Cattle in their Railage t» Market.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was.

Prices of Hay, See,

Importation

of

Provisions

from

Ireland.

4 Geo. III. r ib Jprilis.

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Kir. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person bul such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Sir John Glxjnne reported from the Committee, vrho were appointed to inquire into the Causes of the present high Price of Hay, Straw, Oats, Coals, and Candles; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; that the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late high Price of Coals was occasioned by several natural Causes arising from the late tempestuous and rainy Seasons, whereby a Quantity of Coals, sufficient to keep down an extraordinary Price, have not come to the Port of London-, and that it did not appear to this Committee, that there were any illegal of unwarrantable Practices to raise the Price of Coals.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Growers of Hay employing Salesmen to sell the same in the Isondon Markets, gives an Opportu aity for Combinations amongst such Salesmen, and by their Management, Hay and Straw are now at an unreasonable Price; and that such Practices ought to be prevented.

The fn il Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Report, be recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee who were appointed to inquire into the Causes of the present high Prices of Hay, Straw, Oats, Coals, and Gandies; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And the Question being put, that the Word "falted" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went Forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, J 4S.

Tellers for the Noes, [fhMcZlfin6o'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

A Claus'e was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraining the Power of importing Butter, till after a certain Day.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was. Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be' made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments wfere made, by the House, to the Bill.: '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Militia Amendment made by the Lords to the Billy intituled, Tratninjj.-An Act to explain and amend An Act> palfed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain; amend; and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the- said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 17. leave out " Silt" and insert " Four."

The said Amendment being , read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Kynajtdn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, in such Manner as the Necessityof the Time may require, and as He in His Wisdom shall think convenient and needful, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report betaken into Consideration upon this Day Month;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

f Mr. Fuller,

’ I M r. Chaplin:

41.

61.

Tc,lmfor ,be Nocs’ Mr KyZfa:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to to the said Bill, ns far as Clause A, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, another of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting after the Word " best," and before the Word "Butter," the Word "felted."

Vol. 29.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining and regulating in Abufts what Cafes, and under what Restrictions, Letters and in the Packets shall be sent and received free from the Duty *>olt of Postage; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation thereto; wq* read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr.6. 1. 11. to leave out " Deputy" and insert " Deputies" instead thereof.

1. ult. to leave out " shall."

Pr. 7. I. 18. after "make" to insert "and fub-" feribe. "

And the said Amendments were; Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and' the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pahs: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses ivi relation

to the sending and receiving of Lgtters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating the Inconveniences Bankrupt* which may arise from Privilege of Parliament in the having same of Merchants, Bankers, and Traders, being Mem- Mm*;toy bers of Parliament, and becoming irifolvent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That’ the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cafes of Merchants, and- such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being intituled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent.

12 K

iac

Frauds

br

Bankrupts,

*c.

IO48 !.

Ordered, That Mr. Prefcut do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending to the Counties of Kent and Essex, the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do-pais: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aprilis.

A, 1764.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bill*.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application of certain Savings of Public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of military Stores;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November last, as relates to the Produce arising by the Sale of such Prizes as are vested in the Crown, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow. Morning.

of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments Were made’ by the House, to the Bill.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved. That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Glynne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Glynne reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Glynne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And ttyyi the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° d Aprilis;

Anno 4*

Georgii IIItU Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

with Charlotte Wilson, his now "NVII'c, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Etimonflone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read; Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House

Ctandestine The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Marriagei. Report which was made from the Committee of the Two of the Clock, whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act , passed

in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty An ingrafted Rill for applying the Money granted King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge better preventing of clandestine Marriage?; and to of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in of Great Britain called England, for One Year, be-Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of ginning the 25th Day of March 1704, was read the Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts I hird Time.

which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Yali- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

dity of certain Marriages solemnized in that Part of be. An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Great Britain called Scotland, or beyond the Seas; was Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the committed. Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great

the foid Report was read. Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the

And the Amendments made by the Committee to 25th Day of March 1764. the said Bill, being federally read a Second Time; Ordered, That Mr. Town {head do carry the Bill to upon the Question severally put thereupon, several the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

Wtl'tr’s

Divorce.

Private

Bufindi.

Mil:*’*

Pav ?t'*l Clothing.

Std’ndi <p Incioiuic.

Importation

of

Provisions

from

Ireland.

Chancery;

Accomptant

General.

Knaresborough

Waterwork.

Kirkby in Kendall Small Debts.

Doncaster Snmil Debts.

Watling

Street,

Sec,

Road.

4 Geo. III. r 20 Jp 104 9

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosi.ua: a Moor or Common called SUiindropMoor, within the Township of -

drop, in the County of Durham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are ast followed: , viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 4. leave out "Mills, Houses, and Cottages."

Pi. 30. 1. 4. leave out " House or Houses, Mill or " Mills, Cottage, or Cottages."

Iv. 36. 1. 27. leave out " House or Houses, Mill or " Mills, Cottage or Cottages."

Pr. 1. leave out " Houses, Cottages, " Mills."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recffs of Parliament, in such Manner as the Necessity of the Time may require, and as He in His Wil’dom shall think convenient and needful, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the free Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Rccefs of Parliament, under certain Rest actions and Regulations therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

7he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Catli in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and for applying the Interetl arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptant General of the said Court, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Town of and that Part of the Township of Scriven with -

gate, adjoining upon the said Town, with Water, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final 1 Debts in the "1 own and Parish of Kirkby in Kendall, in the County of iVejlmareland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and l'peedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Duncaster, in the County of 1 'orI; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the said Borough; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the at Watling

Street, to Bcckbury and the New and from the Birches Brooke to the Hand Pott in the Parish of -ba ton, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AM

Vol. 2J.

to impower the honourable George Lane Parker to Unit up a Road or Way now used over certain inclosed Lands in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge; and for extinguishing all Right to a certain Toll, which he now is intitled to, in Two Lanes near the said Road or Way, and for obliging him to keep the said Lanes in Repaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this I louse to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Nominees upon Survivorship, that have died between 1693,

the Time of their Creation, and the 4th of January 1764, with their Ages when last delivered into the Exchequer, the Time of their Deaths, and the Half Year’s Payment that was payable at the Time of their Decease: And also.

The Lift of the Nominees created in the Years 1745, 1746, and 1757, when last delivered into the Exchequer, the Time of their Deaths, and the annual Sums that are and were payable at the 5U1 of January 1764; which were presented to the House upon this Day Seven-night, and then ordered to lie upon the 'Ruble, to be perused by the Members of the House, be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued within any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being made legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to regulate the Tender of such Bills of Credit as have been already issued there; was read the Third Rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be itfiied within any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills sis are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order* re* ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of military Stores; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report from the Navy Board to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relative to the Expence of the floating Lazaret, now moored in Standgate Creek.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Gamlinga?

Lane.

Pohlmann’i

Nat.

Lift of Nominees to certain Annuities.

Americart Paper Bills of Credit.

Supply Bifig Excheqaef Bills.

Standgate

Lazaret.

Bayly’s

Estates.

1050

13° Apr s.

A. 1764,

Ve tier is j 13' die Apr ills;

Anno 4* Georgii III*" Regis, 1764.

Edmovhuc Mr. Parker, LordMidleton, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Mr. FUzhcrbert, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr..S/«#»rr, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Harris, Mr /fW

i_- in' ^r* °°d> Mr. Foley: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1? R A

AYERS.

Privatt

Business.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Suftty Bflf l>y Loans or Exchequer Bills, and for applying certain E*chtoi«r Monies reinainimr in the Exchequer. for S-ruT

HE House being moved, in pursuance of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of

__ Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to ^ear x7^4 > and for Application of certain Savings

move the House this Day, that any private Business of.public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after inilitary Store? > was the Third Time.

Two of the Clock; That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered Je» An Act for raif,n3 a certain Sutn of Money, by upon this Day, after Two of the Clock. Loans or Exchequer Bills, and for aonlvitur n*>rtain

li

to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of E Bayly, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money

Loans or Exchequer Bills, and for applying gertain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures or

jrifing by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Unds M Shi a^d o belaid .1*

to be settled to the like Uses; was read a Second ° -

Time.

Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Darner, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wilbraham Bo

Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Staunton, Sir Griffin Griffin, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Sir John Turner^, Mr. Milles, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Wood,' Mr. Pent on, Mr. EdmonffoneMr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wynne, Mr. llervey. Sir William May- Es kfterYwo of the Clock. nurd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Butler, Mr. I,neb» "ter

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane,

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the AdjcofomcMi House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House upon Wednesday next, to proceed upon any private Bu.

Private Bu ducts.

Doii'deJivclU Mr. Burrell,

Sir Rennet Garrard, M r. Hume, Sir Mr.

Martin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Wanoick, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being made, that the said Committee have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morning next;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Copies of the said Journal be printed, for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no

Jounuli,

of the House, of the 26th Day of May 1759, of the Other person do prefUme to print the fame. Proceedings of the House, m relation to the ingrossed , That an humble Address be-presented to

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order Partition and Division of certain Lands and Heredi- the‘ Sum of four hundred Pounds to be advanced to taments in the County of Surrey, agreed to be pur- Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards

chafed by Thomas, late Lord Onjloiv, and for settling j the Expence of printing the Tournal of this «md limiting the same for the Benefit of the several House) from the £nd Q/the last Session of Parliament, Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement, and the £nd of thig present Session, with a proper Index Will, respectively; and also for felhng and disposing of thereto. and to His Majesty, that this House Timber growing on the Estate, devised by his W ill, for wU, make good the fame

the Purposes therein mentioned; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edvard Bayly, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; upon Wednesday Morning next.

Pokier’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Alexander Joseph Poittier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savile, Mr, Hume, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Martin, Mr Waller Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Howe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdef-

well, Mr. Bulled Mr. Colleton, Mis MC

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s 1110ft honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Howe, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Report from the Navy Board, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relative to the Expence of the floating Lazaret now moored in Standgale Cretk.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

lhe said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Stands?:

Lnar&

A

Lift of Nominees to certain Annuities.

frivate

Business.

Bailey’ fiftates

Poitticr'a

Mat.

Account#; Imports and Exf.prt#«

4 Geo. III. 18®

1051

Mercurii, 18b die Aprilis;

Anno 4* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1764.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House* pursuant to their Order.

A Lift of the federal Persons on 2-yths Excise, intitled to Annuities payable at the Exchequer, for One, Two, and Three Lives, who did not claim their several Annuities at the last Half-yearly Day of Payment on the 5th of January 1764: And also,

An Account of the Names of the several Nominee* upon Survivorship, who made Default in claiming their several Shares at the last Half-yearly Payment due at the Exchequer the th of January 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Account were read. Ordered, That the said Lift and Account be printed. The said Lift and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessioil.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Friday last, that Leave be given to move the House this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pentfed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in

the Room Of Richard Vernon-, Esquire, who, fmce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Ofliceof One Of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s House-hold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ctmbrd^e the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fur the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the Roorffof Charles Sloane Esquire, who since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor of His Majesty’s Gardens and Waters.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Yarmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for nt* the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the Room of Jeremiah Iff on,

Esquire, who, fmce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Mr.Frederick Montaguroportedfrom the Committee, A Messagfe from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Jvlr. Montagu:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tene- Mr. Speaker,

ments, and Hereditaments in the Town and County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edward Bailey, Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery Wnale

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out \n the Gulph and River of Lawrence, and ort

the Money arising by such Sale in the PuFchale of other the Coafis of His Majesty’s Colonies in America, with*

Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; was committed; out any Amendment: And also,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of The' Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An whale

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made Filfcery.

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the on by His Majesty’s Subjects, without any Amend*

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the nient: And also

House, without any Amendment; and he delivered The Lords have agreed to the Bili, intituled, An Wabgfor* the Bill in at the Clerk’s 1 able. Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor ^oor.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. in the Hundred of in the County of Sttf-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. folk, without any Amendment; And also.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Loddon Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Act for the better Relief arid Employment of the Poor Clavtring

to the fame, without any Amendment. in the Hundreds of Loddon and in the Coun* Poor-

ty of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also,

Mr. Prefect reported from the Committee, to whom The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutford and the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in LothingUnd for naturalizing Alexander Joseph Poittier,w as com- the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the Coun- Ioor-

mitted, That the Committee had examined the Alle- ty of Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bramcote and that the Committee had directed him to report the Act for repairing and w idening the Road from Brant*- Odd House, Bill to the House, without, any Amendment; and he cote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s I able. Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of °a

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Derby, and from to the Towns of

Rejoiced, I hat the Bill do pass. and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the 7 'rotoelin the County of Nottingham, to the Town Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed of Nw'ithout any Amendment: And also, to the fame, without any Amendment. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An G antham

Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Road*

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Poll in Saint Margaret’s Field, and from the

Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Town of to the Town of Lutterworth, in the

to the House, pursuant to their Order, said County; and other Roads therein mentioned;

An Account of the Value of all (roods. Wares, and without any Amendment: And also.

Merchandize exported from and imported to Eng-f The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Afliboro* land, from Christmas 1747 to Christmas 1748; and Act, for widening and repairing the Road leading from from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing AJbborne, in the County of over Belpar Bridge,

each Year, and each Place. to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chester-

Vor.. 29. 12 L fdd.

Scots Dyke to

Langholm

Road-

1052

'field to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate; and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of

Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing ami widening the Hoad from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the

18° JpriliS'

A. 1 1

lify themselves for Offices and Employments , and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and

Brmig'ittm

Inclosure.

Wttft’oury

Inclosure*

Villages of Langholm and Hazcick, to Haremofs, in the Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, County of Roxburgh, without any Amendment: And also, whose Admillions have been omitted to be damped ac-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Pari (h of-Vether Broughton, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

cording to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force-for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admillions duly damped; and to prevent the De-struction of Trees and Underwoods growing in l’orefts and Chafes; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *uPplyB Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annui- Cu«n;m t ties granted by An Act passed in the First Year of the

certsm

Ammititi.

Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Westbury, in the County Reign of His present Majesty, and for carrying the

Fom erected on the Sea Cottfls.

of Buckingham, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such I*mds and Hereditaments as have been pnrehafed upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act pafl’ed in the Second Year of the Reign of

Duties therein mentioned to the said Find; and also* for consolidating Inch of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the Second Year ol llis present Majesty\s Reign; without any Amendment And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply BL1; Act for the eUablillmtg an Agreement with the Go- kwk

Exportation ol Rice,

His present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein vernor and Company of the Bank of England, for mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to

AoacmcDt

railing certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thou fund Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock/ or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein

the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners

Y a

Tend 12*,vi

Duty us is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe, situate to the Southward of Cape Finijlcrre, without any Amendment: And also,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of H*np,&c. Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undrelVc-d Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in 1, without any Amend-

ment, and also,

Saktmootted The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An from Europe Act. for importing Salt from ,into the Province

into 0ilet>!;C- of Quebec in America, for a limited Time, without any Amendment: and also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Pap; ft.' Wills and Deeds.

African

Company.

Edinburgh

Roads.

thereof; without any Amendmeni: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolinents of Deeds and Wills made by Pa pills; and for Relief of Prote-ltant Pinchal’ers; without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Affidavit! Act for taking and sweai ing Affidavits to be made use u^cn ,n ,i,! of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Write, flu Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two Pavini-several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and

Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependen- Lanes, within the City and Liberty of and

'Ponfe*

Street*.

Bosworth

inclosure.

Abates in the

toil Office

Offices and EmP1 oymctv.i.

cies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queemferry, in the County of gow, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, commonly called Common,

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paihires, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of HnjbandsBofzcorth, otherwise Borejioorth, in the County of Leicester, Without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Doty of Polluge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-20

Cardiff

Roaai

Bedford

Chanty.

other Places therein mentioned: and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other d owns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, anil regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Eltntes given by Sir liar pur,

Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity of the Town of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Manchrf# Act to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College Collie of Christin Manchester, in the County Palatine of L.an-

caster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said College, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Glebe.

Act for divetting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Matthew Dowdall, a Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his Three Grandlons without Issue Male, and for vesting the same in Anthony of the

City of Dublin, Esquire, a Protestant, and his Heirs, without any Amendment; And also,

Latkv'tt‘1

Eih;:*.

4 Geo. III.

18 ° JpnliSi

ioss

Warkwt.uh

Iuclol'ure.

'Vombuell

Incloiiirt.

Supply Bill;

Lxchcqu.-r

Hob.

The Lords have agreed to the - Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Padures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of in the Count v of Northampton, without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aid for dividing and inch ding the Common or Waste Grounds within the Manor of in the Coun-

ty of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or

several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Esquire, in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protestant Purchasers; and also, by another Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reigrt of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them in land Jjy thosaid Act of Parliament, made in the said Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kt* Gerald's Aa for diverting out of the Crown, and to vert m Gerald. FitzGerald of Rdthrone,\n the Countvof Meath,

F.xcliequer Bills, and for applying certain Monies re- in the Kingdom of Esquire, and his Heirs, the

inaiuing in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures or other Writings, the

Reversion in Fee of and in several Lands in,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Militia Pay amt Clothing.

American Paper Bib of Credit.

full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common and other Servants; without any Amendment! And Fields in the Parish of Great in the County

also, of Lekefier, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled; An for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parlia- Act to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of merit, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth- Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, the Guardians or ing of the M ilitia of that Part of Great Britain called Trustees of King the Sixth’s Alms-houses there,

England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty four, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Bideford

Roads.

Great

Wigitou

Inclosure;

Saffron

Walden

Exchange.

and other the Feoffees thereof, to convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessious> of the said Alms-houses, to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands, of greater Value, to be conveyed

Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be to and held by them, to the Uses and upon the Trusts

.. J \ f 1)1 A-l 4 norm n irkonfiAnorl . onrl mr* xroltiinrv Porf nf Ino I onrlo

Importation

ot

Provisions

from

Ireland.

Bankrupts.

having

Member*’

frivUige.

Fraud*

by

Bankrupt i, &c.

Wuinchelsea Cambric k nd Lawn Manufactory.

Plankett’*

Xrtatet.

ili’ued in any of His Mujofi v’s Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from l-eing prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and linking the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable 1 lis Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the Importation of Provisions from Ireland during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cafes of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Comities ofifoiJand Essex-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better establ filling a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelsea, in the County of Suffer; and for improving, regulating, and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time given to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts vested in them in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of Voj,. 29.

therein mentioned; and for vesting Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffi, and his Heirs, in Exchange for other Lands, of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1.

1.

1.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as felloweth; viz.

Pr. 22.1. n. leave out " of" and insert " so contrafted for by."

12. after " Griffin" insert "and agreed." 17. after "and" insert " the Estates."

21. after " settled" insert " subject to " an Annuity of £. 1600 a Year to " the Right honourable Sarah Countess Dowager of Suffolk, now the " AVife of the Right honourable Lucius Charles Viscount Falkland, for " her Life."

Pr. 23.1. 5. leave out from " Male" to " Remainder " in line 8.

11. after " Remainder" insert " charged with an Annuity of £.300 a Year " to Elizabeth Spinster,

" during her Life."

14.7 leave out " their Issue" and insert 15. j " the Heirs," and after " Female "

" insert " of their Bodies."

Pr. 25.1. 30. after " Part " insert " and whereas " certain Farms oalled Westley, and " the Lodge and Saint Aylett's, to " which a Right of Commonage, " Fold Course,' and Feeding for " Sheep in a Part of the said Twen-‘t ty Acres and Twenty-two Poles " of Land is claimed to belong, are '4 " subject

Ditto,

1.

1.

L-

8* F nn Walden Exchange,

1054 18

" subject to the said Annuity of " £. 1600 by the said several Indentures of Nine Parts and of " Seven Parts, settled upon or to " the Use of the said Ann " Widow, for her Life, and charged with £. 1250 a Piece payable " to the said Matthew " Elizabeth Whitwell, Am Whitwell, now Countess de Welderen,

" and the said Mary Whitwell, with Remainder to lhe said Sir John " Griffin Griffin for the Term of his " Life, and to Trustees during his " Life, and afterwardschargedwith " certain other Annuities o(£. 600 " and £. 100 a Year to the said " Dame Ann Mary Griffin for her " Life, for her Jointure, under the " Contingencies therein mentioned " with Remainder to the First and " other Sons of the said Sir John " Griffin Griffin in Tail Male, Remainder to Matthew Whitwell for " Life, and to his First and other " Sons successively in Tail Male,

" Remainder to the Daughters of " the said Sir John GriffinGrffin successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the First and otherDaughters of the said Matthew Whitwell successively in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Elizabeth " Whitwell for her Life, and to her " Sons and Daughters respectively " in like Manner, Remainder to the " said Ann Countess de Welderen " for her Life, and to her Sons and " Daughters respectively in like " Manner, Remainder to the said " Mary Whitwell for her Life, and " to her Sons and Daughters in like " Manner, Remainder to the said ,c Ann Whiiicell Widow, and to her " Right Heirs for ever." pr 2 s 1 36. 7 leave out " the said Sir

‘ 37- 5 " Griffin.

1 3^* 7 leave out " is unable to grant and 39* 5 " convey."

Pr. 26. 1. 1. leave out " of which he is seised in " Manner " and insert " for which " the said Sir John Griffin Griffin has contracted."

1. 2. after " aforesaid" insert " cannot be " granted and conveyed."

1. leave out " to relgafe."

1. 6. after " Manors" insert " cannot be " released."

I. 8, leave o\it " he hath " and insert " they " are."

1. 9. leave out " do " and insert " be."

1. 35. leave out from " that" to " the," in Pr. 27. I. 14. and insert " all " those'lwentvAcres, and Twentytwo Poles of I.and, Meadow, or " Pasture so contracted for by him " the said Sir John GGriffin, in the said Articles mentioned and " described, shall, from and immediately after the same shall be " conveyed to him in pursuance of " the said Articles, be settled upon " and vested in, and the same are " hereby from thenceforth settled

A. 1764.

" upon and vested in the said Mayor " and Aldermen of the Town of " Saffron Walden aforesaid, and " their Successors, and the fakl " Trustees, and their Heirs, forever,

" freed and discharged, and absolutely exempted and enfranchised " of, from, and against all and alt " Manner of Copyhold or CustomaryTenures, Quit Rents, Fines,

" Reliefs, Heriots, Services, and " Suits of Court whatsoever, incident, due, or payable, or to be " done, paid, or performed to the " said Manors of Chipping Walden,

" and Brook Walden, or either of " them, or to the Lord or Lords " thereof for the Time being, for " or i n respect of the Premisses herein last above mentioned, or any " Part or Parts thereof, and to the " End ami Intent that the same may " be held and enjoyed by the Caid " Mayor, Aldermen, and Trustees,

" their Heirs and Successors, upon " such and the fameTrufts, and to " and for such and the same charitable Uses, Intents, and Purposes as the aforesaid Lands of the " said Alms-house are nowr settled " and assured; and that it shall " and may be lawful to and for."

Pr. 47.1. 15. leave out " shall or may."

1. 17. after " Seal" insert " to."

1. 18. leave out from " unto" to " and" in 1. 39.

Pr. 28.I. 18. leave out from " by " to " the" in 1. 20.

j *4. 7 leave out " to this farther Purpose ‘ 25. J and Intent."

1. 39. leave out from " be " to " the " in Pr. 29. 1. 2. and insert " held and " enjoyed by."

Pr. 31. 1. 7. leave out " their Issue " a id insert " the Heirs," and after " Female" iufert "of their Bodies."

Pr. 36.1. 16. leave out from " Land" to " the" in 1. 18. and insert " shall be vested " in."

16. v leave out " Conveyance from the Pr. 37.I. 17. > " said Sir JohnG riffin Griffin, or his 18.) " Heirs, unto " and insert " veiling

* in."

p . 38. 7 leave out " the said Sir John Griffin 37’ 39- 5 " Griffin, or his Heirs."

2. .7 leave out intended to be granted Pr. 38.1. 3. > " and conveyed to them and their

4.,) " Successors."

1. 22. after " except " insert " the said " LitciusCharlesV[(co\mt Falkland,

" and Sarah Vifcouptefs Falkland " his Wife, the said Ann " Widow, and her Heirs."

L 29. after the first " Whitxvell insert " Jan WalraadComte de Welderen,

" and Count els de Welderenh\*

" Wife, and her Issue, Male and " Female."

In the Title of the Bill, line 7. Leave out " and his " Heirs." line 13. leave out " and his Heirs."

The said Amendments being Severally read % Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the

Lords,

4 Geo. Ill*

18* — 19° Jprilis.

1055

!Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Answer to

Address

for

Account, 8lc.

Lord Chaiics Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of J Vednefdaythe 4th Day of thisinstant April, That His Majesty would be graciously ple&fed to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament; and dlfo their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graci-o*ifly pleased to order the Sam of Four hundred Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of Printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto; had been presented to His Majesty and that His Majesty had commanded

to the British Plantations in America, together with the

Amount of the Drawbacks allowed thereon, from inas 1759 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all the British made Salt exported from Scotland, to His Majesty’s Colonies in America, from the 5th January 1756 to 5th January 1764 j distinguishing each Year; and how much bath been exported to Nexo England, Newfoundland, Penjylvania, and New York.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts dp lie upop the Table, to be p^erufed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among# the ptbST Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that so much of IJis Majesty’s

Accounts;

Itriiifh

Salt.

him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direc- Y1C ‘4UUI ‘7’ r v,

V , ’ 0 most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon

tions accordingly.

Isle of Mm. The House being informed that Mr. Itoive, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return in pursuance of an

A'ldrcft

to

the King

the 15th Day of November last, as relates to the Produce *speaingth(8 anting by the Sale of such Prizes as are vested in the Application Crown; and also, so much of the Address of this House to His Majesty as relates thereunto, might be read-And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address bp presented to

of Money arising from Priac*.

Address to His Majesty, for an Account of such Pro- V «u tk v r A

w* \LJ La i, nnrfnnnrf* nf fn m,ch ¥aJ7%’ &> return His Majesty the Thanks of this

ceedings-as have been had in pursuance of so much " of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, as impowered " the Lord -High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to treat with the Proprietors of the Isle " of Man, for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or " Surrender of the said Isle, to the Crown."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

-And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, ,tt> be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

House, for the great Mark of His Affection to His People, in being graciously pleased to direct the Money arising from the Sale of the Prizes vested in the Crown, to be applied to the Public Service; which, by the Account laid before this House, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds; and by which Means, His Commons have been enabled to rajfe the Supplies for the present Year, without laying any. additional Burthen upon His People; and to assure.His Majesty, that thip House will ever retain the most grateful Remembrance of this, and every other Jnftaace of His Majesty’s tender Regard and Assistance to promote the Prosperity and Happiness of His People.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Majesty by such Members of this House as.are of Hg

Account*; Imp< rts and Exports.

Log'vood,

Ir fli

l/*ncn.

Bris'fll

Liiur.

Commissioners of the Costoms in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from, and imported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 1747 to

Christmas 1748; and from 17G1 to Christmas

1762; distinguishing each YYar, and each Place: And also,

An Account of the Duty paid on the Exportation of Logwodd, and other dying Woods, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the First of January 1750, to the First of January 1764; distinguishing each ‘ Y'ear: And-also.

An Account of the Quantity of IrijIJnon exported

‘from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the BrrrijhPlantations in America, with the Amount of the

Bounty allowed thereon, from Christmas 17 59 to Christmas 1762; distingoiflungeach Year: And also,

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Apr ills

Anno.4* Georgii IIH'itegis, 1764.

L(

An

portei

Account of the Quantity of British Linen ex-from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Plantations in America, with the Amount of the Bounty allowed thereon, from Christmas 1759 distinguishing each Year: Ana

Foreign

Linen.

'to' Christmas also,

An Account of the Qaanti' v of Foreign. Linen exported from that Part Of Great Britain called Scotland, td the British Plantations in America, together with the Amount of the Draw hacks allowed tlvcrcon, from Chri/l-

Prayers.

O R D Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for she great Mark of His Affection to His People, in being graciously . pleased todiredt the Money arising from the Sale of tire Prizes vested in the Crown to be applied to the Public Service; which, by the Account laid before this House, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred Twenty-three thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds; and by Which Means His Commons have been enabled to raise the Supplies fur the present Year, without laying any additional Burthen on His People; and to allure II,i* Majesty that this House will ever retain the most grateful Remembrance of this, and every other Pittance of

Answer to

Address.

vos 17 59 to Chrijinasi 70?; diilinguishing each Year: His Majesty’s tender Regard and Assistance to promote

A n< I alto, the Prosperity and Happiness of His People; had been

WUitoes. A n: Accountbf fi.e Quantity of\\ bite Callicoes expresented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was ‘ poitedfnuh that Vaitotl Great ilrkamcalled Scotland, pleased to receive thelame very graejously.

V < l.uj. ... 12 M A Met

\ ‘

1056 Aprilis. ^.1764.

Koval Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus to fislh. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Go-\( rnor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One t housand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and" for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof:

'An Act for raising 3 certain Sum of Money by Loans r. or Exchequer Bills, and for applying certain Monies-remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of public Monies, and of Monies auifen by the Sale of military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures or other Writings, v the lull Sum agreed.to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants:

An Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act passed in the Firli Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign:

- An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage:

An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty's Subjects:

An Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of His Majesty’s Colonies in:

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from His Majesty’s Colonies in America:

An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice front the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Fin

An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time:

‘; An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its De-

pendencies, In the Company of Merchants trading to; Africa:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majeliv, inti-'tuled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England:

' An Act for applying the Money granted, in this 'Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the 'Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and 1 Iereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Suffix, and 'Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been

erected for Defence" of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His pre-feut Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay Out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, hot exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cuih in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for applying the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accomptants General of the said Court:

An Act to indemnify such Persons, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, artd Officers of the Militia, or others who have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members aridOflicers in Cities, Corporations, and Boroftgh Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in force - , for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been ' loft or millaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to prevent the De-struction of Trees and Underwoods growing in Forelis and Chafes:

An Act for allow ing further Time for Inroliments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers;

An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cafes of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being intituled to Privilege of Parliament, and becom: ing insolvent:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney. Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and EJJ'ex:

An Act to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order the Importation of Provi- fions from Ireland during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned:

An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of 1 lis Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the fame:

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Third Y'ears of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmatl Debts within the Borough and Soke of in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Open Passages and Places, within the said Borough:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and Parish of in Ken-

dall, in the County of Wefinoreland:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Iqs late Majesty, intituled, An Act for re-

4 Geo. III. 190 dprilis. 1 © 5-7

pairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

in the Pari ill of AJkcott, in the County of Somerset, to Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Clay in ihe l0

and through Glaftenhury and Wells, to the White Poll in County of Norfolk: BUb.

the Great Wellern Road to the City of Bath; and from An Act for the better Relief and Employment of iVells to Ttujh Hill leading to the City of Bristol; and the Poor in the Hundred of in tile County for repairing and widening several other Roads leading of Suffolk:

from the City of Wells: An Act for the better paving of the Streets and

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoy-in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ances in that Part of the Parish of Pori Jen, in the jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for County of Southampton, commonly tailed Portsmouth amending, widening, and repairing the Road leading Common:

from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent, An Act for the better establishing a Mantifaftory of and ally for amending, widening, and repairing the Road Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually leading from Coivgale and ArchcliffePort in Dover, known under those Denominations, now carrying on at through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe, in the said Win the County Of SuJJ'ex; and for improving,

Comity: . regulating, and extending the Mauhfacture of Cam-

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much bricks and Lawns, or Goods of the kind usually known of an Act, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of under those Denominations, in that Part of Great his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several tain called England:

Roads therein described, leading from the Town of An Act for the better supplying the Town of . - Tewkejbttry, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the K and that Part of the Township of Scriven

First District. of Roads therein mentioned; and for with Tentergate, adjoining upon the said Town, with amending the Road from Comb Hill to a Bridge near Water:

Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucester-, and from Eck-An Aftfordividing and inclosing the Open and dom-

inion Bridge to join the Turnpike Road which leads mon Field, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, from Upton on Severn to Perjhore, in the County of Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands lying Warcester: within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from worth, in the County of Northampton:

Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Donington; An Act for dividing and inclosing a Waste Ground,

and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gojber- called the , in the Township of in the

toum, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft; County of Salop , and for applying the Produce there, in the County of Lincoln: of to the several Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- An Act for enabling Lucy Esquire, to in-

pair several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at close several Open and Common Fields in the Parish IVdtling Street, to Beckbury and the New Inn; and from of in the County of Bucks; and for veil*

the Birches Brook to the Hand Poll in the Parish of ing certain Glebe Lands, and the Tythes belonging to Kemberlon, in the County of Salop: the Rectory of Haversham aforesaid, in the said Lucy An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading Knightley and his Heirs; and for making a Compenfa-from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar' tion to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu thereof:

Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and A*n Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

C.hejtcrfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf*

Gate; and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County tures. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands

of Derby; within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Wefburyt

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Buckingham:

Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paliures, in Derby, and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and the Parish of Nether Broughton, in the County of Shipley in the said County of Derby; and (von\Trincell,m

the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham: An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Com-

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads mon, called Staindrop Moor, within the Townlhjp of from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to in the County of Durham:

the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester-, and An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutter- ' Common Fields in the Parish of Great Wigston, in the worth, in the said County; and other Roads therein men County of Leicester:

honed: An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Common Fields, Common Paliures, Common Mea*

Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through dows. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds in the the Villagesof Langholme, and Hawick, to Ilaremofs, in Parish of Husbands Bojicorlh, otherwise Borefworlh, in

the County of Roxburgh: the County of Leicester:

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two fe- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common veral Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty or Waste Grounds within the Manor in

eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the County of York:

repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Or a- Common Fields, Common Paliures, Common Mea* rnond Bridge to the Town of Queemferry in the Coun- dows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground, ty of Linlithgow: in the Manor and Parish of Wcjt Haddon, in the Coun-

An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the ty of Northampton:

Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon: An Act for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and He-

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in reditaments in the Counties of Dorset, and

Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Car- Lancaster, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of diff, and several other Towns and Places in the County John Earl of in him the said Earl, in Fee

of Glamorgan: Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of that

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of Settlement; and for substituting and settling other the Poor in the Hundred of Mafford and Lcthing- Lands and Hereditaments in the Dominion of Wales land, in the County of Suffolk: in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses:;

Vol. 25. An

Royrt

Assent

t*

Bilk.

10^8 19° Aprilis. si. i 764.

An Act to unpower the Guardians of George "Earl of the Hands of Thomas Fuller, an Infant, in Saffron Egremont, an Infant, to enfranchise certain customary Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin ,in Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cumber- Exchange for other Lands, of greater Value, to be land, Part of the settled Estates of the said Earl; and conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for also to impower the Guardians of the said Earl, and hii other Purposes therein mentioned:

Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said An Act for vteftitig certain Messuages, Lands, Tone-Estate in the County of Cumberland, and to make ments, and Hereditaments in the down and County Leases and Copyhold Grants of the several Estates, li- of Northampton, devisedby the Will of mited. and devised to them, respectively, by Charles deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out Earl of Egremont, their late Father, deceased; and the Money arising by such Sale in the Piirchatfc of

for other t he Purposes therein mentioned: . other Lands, to be settled to the like L ies:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Weller, Ef* in Great Britain and Ireland, Part of the Estate of (pure, with Charlotte WilJ'on his now Wife, and to James Earl of Barrymore, in Trustees, for railing Mo- enable him to marry again, and Tor either Purposes ney towards paying and discharging the Debts and In- therein mentioned:

cumbraftces affecting his real Estates: An Act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmann, and Dtiiid

An Act for settling the Estate of Henrietta Rasa Pe-Godin:

fegrhia Townsend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire, An Act for naturalizing Henry-Keek:

according to certain Articles of Agreement executed An Act for naturaIizTng\d/t,.ri«dft’ Poltticr. before her Intermarriage with the said James Townsend,

but subject to the Charges and Ihcumb’riinces affefthig After which His Majesty was pleased to make amost TbrXkfl The feme: gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses df ^l*1-

An Act for enlarging the charitable TJfes, extending Parliament; as followeth; viz. fKeObjects, and regulating the Application of the Rents My Lords and Gentlemen,

'and Profit’s of the Estates given by Sir William liar- I'canndt put an End to this Session of Parliament,

fur knight, and -Danic Alice his Wife, for flie fierie- Without returning yon My Thanks for’tlfe'prudent fit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity‘of ’the and salutary Measures which you have taken to efXTelVd Town of Bedford: , the Commerce, and toTecure the Htippiness of My

An Act to enable tjic Warden and Fellows of the Kingdoms.

College of Chrifi in Manchester, in the County V'ala- The Atttiranees which I liSve received of the pacifte

tine of Lancajkr, for the Time being, to grant Leases Disposition of the fevei al Powers with -whom we wete of the Glebe belonging to the said College: . lately at War, and of their Resolution to adhere inviola*

; An Act to impower the honourable George Lane Par- bly t'othe Term’s of thelatfe Treaty, prrimife the Conti-"her to lliut up a ltoad or Way, now iifed over ccf- nuance of Peace Abtoad; and the firm and temperate tain iiiclosed Labels in the Parish of Gamlingmj, in Exertion dfyoiir Authority, joined'so the coriftitutionhl the County of Cambridge, and for extihgiiiiliing all and public’spirited Cdndhft 'which ybit have ttianifell-’Riglittoa certain Toll, which he’ridw is infilled to, ed on every Occasionduring thd'presentSetbon, will, I ‘m, Two Lanes, near the fjiitl.Road or Way; and for trust,' establish ht Home, lllle Obedience to the Laws,

obliging him to keep the laill Lanes in Repair: "Reverence to the Lefgiflature, bnil dbmeftic Union.

An Act for enlarging the Time given tb Trustees Gentldhien Of the House of Common*,

; therein named to execute certainTrufts vetoed Ih’theih, 1’thank ‘yoh for 'the 'Supplies which you have so in and liyan Act of Parliament made in the Sixteenth cheerfully ‘and uriahiftfoiifly‘granted. H heatnple Pre- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An vision you have made for the several Ser vices-recom-. Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of fev'eral Lhhds mended ‘to yoh, and especially for ltiiittUaining My in'Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett, Esquire, in Fleet in respect&ble State, will, 1 nm confident, pfe-

Trustees,’m order to fell such Lands to Protestant -forv'e tb this Nation, its proper Weight und-Infltieoce, purchasers; and also by another Act of Parliament, dnd gVve Sttfength'and Security %o all My Dominions, made in the Thirty-fecund Year of the Reign of his The Vilfe‘Regulations whichhavo-been etlablifliril'to said late Ala jesty, intituled, An Act for giving fur- hpgnicnt ihe'q&bhc RfeVenUCs, to Vmitdthe interests of flier Time to Trustees therein named to "execute tfte moil' dilhitit PftfembUs'-bf My Crown, And tb entertain Trusts vested in them in and by the Ibid.with Gfiedt-BrifOin,

Act of Parliament made in the said Sixteenth Year of 'CallYor friylfearty Approbation, the Reign of his said late Majesty: Yotir reganl to Public Credit in discharging aPart

An Act for divesting out of the Crown the Rbvfcr- of the heavy Debt contracted and impWnided for du-lion in Fee of certain Lunds in Ireland, late the Estate ring the late War, without imposing on this Kingdom if Mat thru- DezedallfnPapifl, deceased, expectant fthe Builhen of taUyne’wTdxes, Is-particularly pleating upon the Death of his Three Granfpns Without 'to Me,'from the tender* Concern"which I feel for My lflne Male; and forvefiing the same in Ahthomt La- People.

</qr~r, of the City of Dublin, Ef if ure, a Pfoteftalit, My Lords and Gentlemen,

ktid his Heirs: . TtHs the'prbperEihptoyment of this Season of Tran-

‘ An Act for Vhvefting out of the‘Crown, and to ' quifoty; to-consoler of the aloft effectwal A leans for per-. yr-li in Gerald JJitegerald of Itathrirne, in the County of fecting fhofe Wotks Of‘Pence, mid plans of'public

A Lath,' in i lie kingdom of Ireland, 'Ebshire and" his Utility "'which :have 'been so 'wifely and -happily he* Heirs, the llevr-rfidn in Eee of and in several Lands gftn.

in Ireland: T recbhiriieiid these-impMXanJt Ohjjeftsto your Confi-

An Act to enable tin: ‘Mavor and Aldermen of the deration, during the Recess: You may depend tin My Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, The ednMnt'EndeavbuHfor th'Success oflhefe good Pur-Guardians or Trustees of King 'Edward the Sixth’s poses; as Ltltall bvet tfteem it-’My ti'tieft Glory to ^ni-Alms-houtes the re, and other the FeblR es thereof,: plby that Pofwef !wish'\ftiibh'’the (Amstitution hath onto convey Part of ilm Lands, Revenues,'and Pofibf- irufted1 Me, iti prdtnofing your real-Interests and lasting fionv of the said Alm-.-lioiife.s, to Sir John Griffin Griffin,‘ Happiness. in Exchange fur olln-r Lands, of greater Value, to lie

onveyed to and held by tliein, to the t’fes and upon Afrer which the Lord-Chancellor, by His Majesty’«

the Trulls ihen in mentioned, and for veiling Part of 'Command, foil;

My

4 Geo. III. iy Aprilis. — 216fanii. — 23 — 3 1059

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Parliament It is His Majesty'sRoyal Will and PleAfure, That this prorogued. Parliament be prorogued to 77 the 2 ill Day of

June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to the 21st Day of

June next.

Jovis, 21* Junii j

Anno 4* Georgii III. U Regis, 1764.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being absent;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. &uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Parliament Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

further The Ixnds, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s prorogued. Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 23d Day of August next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 23d Day of August next.

Jovis, 2 30 diAugufti;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons;

The Lords; authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Parliament Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this father honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Proro8ue ' Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went u|i to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 30th Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 30th Day of October next.

Martis, 30* die OSlobris;

Anno 5® Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1764.

THE House being met, pursuant to the Jail Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, Ditto.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Anno 4* Georgii III. Regis, 1764. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

to the House of Peers; where the Commission was

THE Ilbufe being met, pursuant to the last Pro- read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until rogation, and Mr. Speaker being absent; Thursday the 1 oth Day of January next; and the

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod: the 10th Day of January next.

Vol. 29.

taN

INDEX.

[Index removed.]

